Hello friends, today's topic is get this one thing right in your life but in control, all will appear to be in control, what is a woman, this is a guru mantra, understand this, you regarding and time, whatever is your time other than sleeping, sleep.  Apart from this, there is time on the job, it passes as it is, it is required in three ways, every time you have to question, when you are awake, you are earning money, here this and yours too, some work related to this is going on.  A is related to running, it is okay, it can be for office, it can be for earning money, if not, if you are not spending more time in the morning, day, use pending Hitler, it is okay, learning in anything good which can improve your life, will give proper and now skin now.  If you can appoint full time then there should be third time time which you will also discuss about doing to relax. It should be three if I turn on maximum people. Are you coming, are you not crossing, are you not doing, what are you doing, writing in the comment section, writing for the fourth time, 330 debates in 8th and 10th, flattened mail messages on WhatsApp, in the description, in the comments, as much political as subscribed that there is one but people.  Talks like mean sitting with Scott that I will do it I will subscribe If you go other than these three then you like subscribe and there are many people to save your time this is blurry  Like, I am in so many teams, I will also be seen in the IPL matches, but you see, there are so many teams, there are submit nationalities, who wins, who loses, you are feeling sad, real people get tired, turn on and sit and there is admin.  Rashmi used to see who would win each letter. They themselves are getting rich. Just anytime in any transactional matter, a person is sitting in front, he definitely has an advantage, maybe some, but there should be some value add in it too. Now there are many.  People will say no, there is entertainment in it or watching Idli or you have to decide how much entertainment is there in it, this is not just catching you, I want to tell you this, from this video you will have a time yes otherwise that my  If you come home or go to see the property, if you can do something else, then how much part are you becoming in the agenda of others' time? You need to do an audit of your time. Please keep this on my Sunday, this is my last subscription of this size.  to the soul  School is taking these decisions, real real real, people are writing anything. If you agree, then I will think that I have to go there and serve so many golgappas and sour sweet water and such things and it is up to you how much you want in front of you, do not do unique festivals, stop quoting you, something.  This can be done only when Bigg Boss does not have control. The question is that you have to think in your mind that what do I want to eat, then in the same way think in my mind that how do I have to spend my time because many people do not work till they get a job.  So we keep hanging around in search of a job, then what happens in search of a girl, after a job, a girlfriend, then a job and a girlfriend, then children, after that the job is going on, now only you come and take any time, any relative can take 15 minutes. A friend goes, takes him for 12 minutes, the boss takes him, then his wife takes him, then the children take him, then you take him, you don't have any agenda, you have to give time as if someone has asked for a ₹ 2000 note. promise you  His time is important day because I am CEA Lord of Population Lord of People Home In Touch Adventures Paving Noida of the time They don't even want to know that the job, Lakshya and marriage are now done, they feel that whatever time would have been saved while passing the time. I am talking to him like this, he is cotton, okay, so please don't waste your time, tell him clearly, one agenda is BLO Running Machine 2000, otherwise you  You will be stuck in an inverter and you will never understand how we got out. No one has time to update. If you edit started thinking that it is war time and stay there to think. Original Thoughts Where is my life? How much money do I need and how much time?  Every man here should just make Twenty20 his life, these 12 and 14 kids should score so many runs and convert the obscene live into a number one test match where sometimes you will be muted when above This time you will go, now you have to make your innings comfortably and there is no such hurry that this is so many runs in so many and so many friends, this is not a long test match. If you understand it like this then it is okay then if you want more videos on this time management.  With practical roti printed, I will definitely make one. I leave behind most of the people who are making mistakes in their life. Attend this second big thing. Attend into something urgent. Indore Life Roti is important this time.  Modified difference between urgent and important, your life will turn out to be urgent, run after the urgent and everyone is taking a tension by being urgent, if you accept me by being urgent, then father is urgent due to which your hot and normal is spoiled, water is coming out and if it is then it is very urgent, isn't it? Calling a plumber is urgent but what is important? Seeing likes is important. His only will take you message. Rest of this is urgent urgent urgent thing. Oats.  It can be made soft, you pay attention to the important things, I have seen many people that it gets late in the night while giving urgent things and after going to sleep, for support, a big list of fifty urgent things is okay, so that life is never you.  People don't understand and people have put so many variables in the equation of life, they are not solved yet because no cost has been imposed on them, so this one, if you want additional, then I will take the videos on this level and please on my channel.  Subscribe to No Why Like Share Thank You