Hello friends, in third and fourth class, logical reasoning questions were asked. If you regret, you must have monitored your children. Nowadays questions like this are asked. Fish is written in front of it. This smell is written below the swimming pool.  But if we relate it to the child, what does the fish do? What does the swimming eagle do? If the child wants to write flying, then our mind relates like this and operates in childhood and we solve this question. Now I will tell you.  I ask one thing, I am a rich man, the man who talks about money, the man who talks about investment, the man who gives money to importers, is the man who always focuses on these things, I am bad, you come here, I am a good man.  If it is, then what will come here, what will come here, I am poor, that is, I have linked the mindset and with this channel, Ajab Si Iron, in the launch of my money minded sir, I have given you the money mindset series, what is your mindset about money.  Is  I will make many videos on it. Those who are my subscribers and watch my videos, they must have started seeing the pattern and the one who is watching this video for the first time or who has not watched all my videos is not a subscriber, he is the one who has written my articles earlier also.  A lot has been written on social media, if they are not there, then for them also I would like to tell that on the channel Know What I am Trying to Do, I am holding G4 Plus, this is a real estate, in real estate you will get your own house which you can buy.  You have it or have bought it or want to sell it, you want to sell it, you will get information on all these, which ones you want to buy for your investment, what show positive properties, I have made a video on all these, all these will come under real estate for your children.  What do you want to buy, so one pillar I have made is real estate, the second pillar about which I have already made half the video has started, that is my wife who lives in this house, with whom we make a family, so that is marital affair and this is real estate house.  It is done, marital life, relationships, children's career, all this will come inside this tree and today I have launched a third series, launched the third pin, money mindset that if you need money to suspend doing both of these, then that money minded person.  We need that to attract to regulate wealth, today I am launching that series in the third and ultimate, for what is all this, the fourth medal has been confirmed, my peace is that of real estate, retail life.  Married Money Money Minded Ultimate Key for Water Water To This is a Comfort So we have to see that whatever question we want to solve in our life, there are many pimples in it, then these four features which I mentioned have variables within them, so our approach should be  That we give constant off to every area which is related and fold it separately, then add this for a few moments and soften it and also add the ultimate that this To get the solution because if in all the questions everything is variable and there is no cost then it cannot be a part of this question. You will always be confused and nowadays the times are like this, but today I have noticed a little that the things which  Over the years, we were following the concept of quantity, which too has become cloudy over the years. We gave a lot of decision-making to some of our people on the basis of the things which we were taking as constant.  Were going to do that, that too is not constant, such useless time has come, so coming back to the mindset was the one, mothers have in this money minded correct - Saturday ko sabka have read hai samman set manish birthday gift kisi to attract when the so hum  We will talk in this series, this is an introductory lecture, I have played a very good match, I will not leave it, I will tell you in this statement, see how our channel reminder set is. People speak a lot of lines in English. I have heard that Money, PayPal, Money can't buy you happiness. I am English, that's all. I speak it in Hindi. I tell people, 'You didn't even know about shopping. You have to do it. Money can buy you happiness.'  Don't know how to buy, spend money, she will ask me that money can buy happiness. I hear this statement a lot. You people may have also said that Sunny Leone says that money is not everything, money in Rs 500 is everything, let there be some discussion for some time. Jyoti, stay in it again, money is not everything, it is an absolutely correct statement, yes, money is not everything, but tell me one thing which is everything, any one thing which is it, it is all this, or anything, alone now.  Everything is not there, job, relationship, home, parents, wife, children, everything is not there when alone, from whom all this happens, she becomes everything in your life, she goes away, then if you forget that you liked someone.  And never to come again, then it becomes everything  But if someone takes your money along with all that, then you will know that I was all that and that too, but all this was not everything, so when things go away from us, then we start considering them as everything, then actual.  Everything is not done by me and I will say one thing to people that whatever we discuss, like or respect, we do not respect it openly, everyone likes money from inside, but if we do not respect it then Lakshmi ji gets angry with me.  Will happen and will never come to you.  Tell me that money is not a good thing, now Diwali is coming, Lakshmi Puja will come, so there is no need to ask for a day that we have to worship Putin Lakshmi and that's it for the whole year, say anything that 65065 is not right, we will have to worship Lakshmi for the whole year.  We have to respect Lakshmi, if we don't like money then it will be seen talking to you and you don't like it, then after a long time, to a great extent, it will not come back and will not want to talk to you, like this.  We do this when we are friends, so if you like this thing of mine, then please like it. Right now, by liking, I get feedback. I know how to write comments, I am afraid to type, everyone's one line, two line road. Show you type, this is the setting for liking. If you have understood whatever I have told you so far, then you liked it, then please like it only when you are a good person and second one thing is that you need to understand everything. earn legally  It is okay to have the desire to become rich, to apply Annapurna skills, to learn them, to get legal, to do something and to be greedy about money. There is a lot of difference between the two. They are very different because the money you want to earn well, not by hard work, you want to earn it with ideas.  You want to set up things for children, you have set your mind in a government job, you guys are different from us, we have to set up things for children, we have to invest, we have to increase that thing, this is a positive mind set and in this we have  We have control only in being Giridih, we have no control in it, there are only negative emotions from emotions, I want to tutor these emotions from you, if you watch your video, like, share and subscribe to the channel, then this series.  Only these things will come forward, you will find interesting topics that you will enjoy listening to. 9. Relax between 10:00 and 10:00, drink warm milk and watch the videos and understand these videos. Don't think while walking that these are not the only videos which you can edit after editing, if you watch them like that then you can repeat and watch them again, they will come in interesting way and the last important thing and I wanted to tell you what kind of advisors you are. Would like to tell you about all the holistic things because in the beginning I told you about the features of what I want, I told you about a real estate, then I told about marital life, in that I told about money and peace.  I will also add the flavor of Astrology, good knowledge and old business in it. I get bored of all the things when I am alone, some just teaching Astrology, I do n't understand Crush with Rahu-Ketu, many channels, Sam is teaching a lot of things, so I will make him interesting in that, I will tell him that much. The more you understand, the more you can use it for practice and the more a normal person can logically question it, then my name with this series will be that whatever shift you have in your mind.  Because of wrong mindset about money, because what does that mindset say? There was a lot of money in India, two to three thousand years ago, India was a golden bird. At that time, it was said that money is not everything. Mukesh Ambani ji said that money is not everything, but it is understandable.  If you don't have that much and they say then it is a foolish thing that you have never sat in a BMW car, you have never driven it, you are not coming to the wards, you will be cut off, so you have spent money on this platform, but this is for future people.  To Iron steel request must have also been cleared. Product pimple and watching a time. Not subscribe to subscribe the Channel. It takes a little motivation to bring videos every day. In this money minded series, I am Planet One. Interesting video on birthday and clear things for you and shore in one.  Month You Will Have a Lot of Clarity on How You Should Approach Them in Your Life No man comes to stop what we are doing, every man comes, take this, send this innocent message, the whole public is standing now, it is Diwali, there are products, take this, Gehlot ji, everything is good, but no one tells you that your money.  It is leaking and you are not even aware of it, because if it is not happening in the village mindset, then there are less people to tell, so Doctor, this is the first meter introductory video and he will bring interesting videos and information.