Hello friends, Golf Course God, as soon as you hear something, you get a valid feeling, no one has seen the glory of Golf Course Road, Golf Course Road, very good product, very expensive, it is a hurdle, it is a very good story, we will discuss it, we will discuss World Golf Course.  Okay, you guys, now the golf course has also come inside the apartments project, there is a golf course in it and it is being sold in that way also, so today I want to ask a question to this clarity and to my audience who is very intelligent. tell me when  He does not even play golf. Do you know anyone who plays golf? If you pick one lakh people playing golf in India in the society, then probably you will find this person playing golf. He may also be an elite type of bureaucrat or some other kind of personal.  It may be a top official that the world gets to play all this, there are very, very few people who pay money to play. Okay, so the golf that you have made, his daughter-in-law is being discussed, Lord, your whole coach is being made, I will tell only that when something works.  Otherwise the child will not flourish, then make a golf course in any of your projects because you have not said that the space created in it can be called a golf course, you know which is the ball of the valve.  And Valve's Jaswindra is a golf swing who plays the hit, so if we have the speed on the advice, then the treatment and the boil which can finish it, if it hits a person, then if a cricket ball hits me, I  If someone is playing with some children or is hit by a ball, then there is an injury and there is some pain, it is very fine, if the valve of the ball is broken then it is like a bid, so practically we can say that someone will play Bigg Boss.  No, you can play golf. Shares are broken. Some sacrifice will break. I told you, it goes like a bid, so more than two-four people playing can't play at a time anyway. Those who play in this also have normal points.  he you  How many more people play please write in the comment section. Okay, so if that application is played then why is it being sold like this and why don't the buyers go to the builder to buy it for their friends that he is making golf only then?  There is nothing here for the children, he can make a good one, 50 types of things can be made on the slide, the teacher does not give any qualification on it, people keep roaming around with a brush, qualification is all about the cards, we don't even have to play them, so why are we celebrating?  you golf  Course 50 types of things can be grown in it by doing small things Panchakarma Which tantra is that feet which walk people, that stone below also gets water, sometimes to some extent that kind of flower, plant something on top for senior citizens. Make something for the child, that means forty-fifty small practical things can be made on it, so why are you making this, this is my question to him, what answer will you give, please try to give us some things like this, we have to give them results in the last second.  thing that Four rooms, one room has four walls. If you go to a high-rise, you go for air, otherwise I should build it in my normal HUDA sectors. So, when there is a boundary wall, then what happens to one wall of each room? Brothers and sisters, the cupboard.  There are two more walls, you will have to beat in one of them, I will touch your feet, which will be a quarter of the wall, the remaining part of it is a window, India can be seen, if more than half of that fourth wall takes the bathroom, then I will get so much relief from the grill.  Then why are there high Raees? What is the taste of Raees? And then, if I want to see only this, then the high-rise is visible there, then you must have seen the picture of Dhoom 3 in the high-rise, in which Aamir Khan ji wakes up like this in the first scene.  This is the scene of New York, somewhere in the North East, if you wear height like this, then there is open sky from all sides, that is the fun in it, see the city landscape of the cities, you can see this and the sky increases and the light comes. In the remaining efforts, the window stops, meaning everything is open, then there is taste, then it is a big suspect, please question, tell and reject the phone, if such things are there, letter builder change design and note come of birth.  Defects Nobody Seems To Be Top Most Things People Would Only Be Interested How much is it How much is it What is the plan What will you get What will you get back Like meaning laddus are getting Hey brother I say  Discuss that also once and the third thing is to keep it standing from the tower, the new designing that people are coming these days which they run on Dussehra of Ravana, Ravana does not have 10 heads, it is 12345 stuck on it in a way. And so if you make a little sculpture on it, then it looks like Ravni, that is fine because even if you tell them that 10 are stuck on it, you have made it by sticking, then which corner flat is it, if 5 towers are there?  If you stick it then just this corner and quarter, if you don't do all of these then please lay out plan space on such payment terms, question things, write feedback, set, set, whatever is fine, otherwise you will not do these things. No, if you bring them just like that, you have to decide them, now you decide, but all these things should be decided by the customer, so that you have bought all those heads of Ravana, this is how I told you, whether you can play the ball or not.  do  Children saying this will grow old very soon that if you drink tea, you will be able to play the ball anywhere and people who know that there is a dangerous lion, then discuss things like this, question crores, how did you like the video, please tell, share, share with people and  If you like Akshay then like it. Thank you all. Not subscribed. Subscribe to the channel. Thank you.