Hello friends, today our topic is government jobs, their advantages, their disadvantages and some facts, today I will discuss them which will make it easier for you to decide whether your child should go for a government job or not, then stay tuned till the end of the video.  I would like to clear one thing, in this there is one among government jobs, yes, bank job is called uniform service, in that I am not in this, which is the mistake? Uniform service is good and which is bad but we all know that in the job of uniform, I would like to tell that it is a noble profession ninth a very good by facing fearful notes in protecting the festive offer for fathers and the temples from heart.  It means that this is calling. This job is calling. These jobs will be A R Rahman. Who is this? What is the meaning of call in Hindi? Calling has come, mother has called.  Step aside, the call has come, Mother has called in this case, Mother India, so I will not discuss about these jobs, this certificate will go, I will tell about the other jobs, from clerk to cabinet secretary, all the state governments' machinery. That there are one crore jobs will remain the topic, although these people can also listen because they had children, they are spreading for these jobs, if it is a village, then yes, government jobs have come.  For me, the most serious objection to a government job is that there is emotion behind it. There is a negative emotion behind it. The negative emotion of the society is that it is a permanent job, work, Shraddha, Karma, half salary will be assured, so it cannot be removed and  Death can be caused by being hit by a horse. Atal particular level in this. This is a diabetic portion. Growth and nerve of life. Now here you all have to understand that I  From 2001 to whom, I am telling the points of 2055 again, the child who will now spend 35 years and will work for 35 years, what was spent in 1980, 1969 and 2000 was not talked about. Those people are doing the job, so those people should not be talked about. I decision-  making and the India that is going to come in future, we have talked about it yesterday, because it is talking about job sanctions, so I am giving the template of the previous one.  In this video, I had told about Mansabdari system and if you knew the details of the job, then you all must watch that video. It is the same base. Now on this, tell me about the government jobs. Yes, whoever my viewers are in the post or even group can also post.  But why should those people not put their children in government jobs, I will give them PMs along with it, okay Seventh River, now how can those factors help you, what can you understand, how much is it, that is your decision making or group again.  I will repeat that those people who are middle class, but you are middle class, they should not get their children prepared for government servants, they should not be taken to that part only, I will tell you that the facts with them are the first factor, you should consider it in this.  You should not get it done because your child will not be selected, now we will take it and those who are pouring cold water on a hot pan are sending such creatures to us. Talking about property and base rate, reservation in India is fifty percent and the golden one is  There is an EWS in it and that is your ten percent. If it comes to Britain in water, then 6, then 840 soil is in it. My take on reservation is that if you make reservation at cent per hundred, then there will be no poverty and issues among all in India and reservation.  Even if you reduce it to zero, everyone will not get as many jobs as it is. It is very miniscule, it is more of an emotional thing, there is no practical reason for it. This is as much as the government job was 25 years ago. Even today, the number of people chatting in groups is decreasing in the last five years. It is increasing rapidly. The number of posts on the group is about 1000. The number of posts issued by UPSC is similar to how many were issued 20 years ago. Google it. No jobs are being removed.  Government, but what has changed? 25 years ago, 8-9 lakh children used to mix bars in India, now 85 lakh are doing it. The number of civil wars is also increasing in the same proportion, so the competition has increased tenfold and the government  Jobs have not increased at all and in that also there is this reservation quota and all this, which is already going on, a premiere and all this has been introduced. The second thing is historic. This is that 25 years ago, if a child was from a well-to-do family, then he was born from a poor family.  The district has an advantage over the children in the family in that they have access to better education, fairer taxes, and the different types of soil that they have access to today, technology and YouTube has brought a party to everyone, 2000 videos have been burnt on each YouTube channel, where one subscribes, the study is done in the white end, it has been told about the Mughal Empire, four glasses become notes in it, notes of physics, psychology. K Notes Geography Notes How many videos should a child insert, if he has to study and work hard for 18 hours, then those children in Delhi have low aspirations because they have no one to loose them from.  Those children cannot be so complete that they do n't travel in Delhi and it is not a bad thing that there is no fire in your child's rally, he is living peacefully, Ram suit is fixed, life has to be enjoyed, he keeps some other office, this is your success.  Your child is not taking as much tension as you did 25-30 years ago. This is your success. You do not have to be sad in this. Here, many parents come to my career counseling. They say no, the child is not so serious. They come here to me.  I am very worried, he is doing good things in the background, he is happy, he will not do anything at night, but you do not see him falling for 18 hours, 15 hours, 14 hours, he can fall there because he knows his situation, he is so desperate, he even writes to her at home.  The lack of parents is visible, but let's look at the mobile. Karthik writes, thirdly, show him in his house, his depression is as much as that of a boy outside the railway station. So this is the thing which  There is population in India, mathematics is very big, it is very difficult for those children, it is difficult in the journey of vital minerals, Ram, there is nothing final and it is very difficult, Mercury, today the variation is fine, second comes if the selection is done, anything.  If your children get a selection, then you tell me, if the government boy becomes an opportunity, then what is the big deal, if the IS boy falls into IS, I am not in the news, why does the rickshaw puller boy come in the news by becoming IS?  Papuli's son took out IS, very good things, the society is progressing, according to me it is ok, very good, I feel very happy, ok, if their children are taken out, then news will be received, these people go a lot and in the end, their strike rate is very high.  The hands are slow but the population is so much, now there are so many children, so these children will turn out to be more, don't be judgmental, don't be the last, I am Riya List, what rating do I give, what is she, then if you are a girl, 22 years old, ok and preparing for IAS exam. Going to have lesbian relationship 24 will be 25 because once again I left for the bar main got stuck in the retailer remained the interview then again play list she went in the bicycle then baby ji I saw the thick thick 27 28 for my  Spend six years in this, I feel very bad, I want to play in this and many more, it is not that only one family enjoys all the government fun, grandfather also got 40, last father also got 400, son also got 40. Your family should have fun for 120 years. Even the above set is useless, you will understand. Okay, then the third thing is that one should not take bribe. In this going to be recruited, the lamp has gone out. Yes, Matthi, everyone will come to know. She went on putting it on the car.  There is traction in 2004, let's go, clouds are looming over the rest of us too, after all the capital that we have, you are hovering, the opposition government can no longer move forward so much and we  If we are talking about 2021 2055, then what has already been done, the government is also relying on how much can be spent, how much should be done in Navami, you look at the world, government jobs in Europe are not the short after investment.  One thing is different there is that whatever job a doctor has done, check it by Google along with his/her professional. If you want to grow the country, then make note of the government job also. I do n't like anything about this government, but everyone has jobs.  Like, PhD is also applying for peon job, Acid SSP, Country Ojha at Good Point, there is only so much depression, for government job, this charm is also going, okay, whatever you are thinking, it is the power of all these things, sizing, cutting and everything is yours.  -Our sense of good news is decreasing. 30-35 years ago, we used to have to wait in lines to make calls, we had to beg for it, but the problem is that technology has eliminated it. Its value missions will be that as technology will come, all the people in the government system will become public, their news will be reduced in whatever government system there is, transparency will come in the government, we think that such a person will not be there, gradually it will be destroyed and justice will be destroyed.  You don't know what is happening, the design is not decreasing for them and it is practically going forward 245 10 years it will be absolutely zero, making passport, you can list this, how big a task it was earlier, how easy it is today.  The work of gas connection, LPG connection of everything has been done, now by drinking water, everything will become so good in the coming tax that being a government man will get increased grade, eating rice is the new sunscreen for a government job, that nuisance should end.  If she goes, that was her biggest passion. Okay, fourth order. If you get a job in the government, then your nearby career is sacrificed because she will marry you and go with you, there will be postings from far away places, her career is sacrificed.  2 lakhs for one person  Let the salary of that Akshay be Rs 1 lakh, in that you should do the tax calculator, take 2 lakh as it may be tight, otherwise if he earns 1 lakh 2, the tax will be very less because there is selection, both of them are different.  -If you can save separately then you can do pension, the satisfaction level of the lady is also very high in it, if you are fine at one place, then career paths are done in it and the other massage pass, they have found their government person for flex.  You also said to the government, let there be a government, career, second circumstances, that government will be the trouble of school vacation, life long, you will die while writing letters to you, all the departments, the battery cannot follow so many people, because there will be so many jobs, so many girls will also come forward and there is a lot of jealousy factor in it too.  Well, the burning is less, both will earn, both will live together, it is good, but inter-departmental issues remain, all this policy has been made and But not in practice, I have to set everyone everywhere and there are aspirations in that too, then the boy says that I have to go to a very senior position, so to go to that position, I will have to make a promise, so this is a big issue.  There is also a region that you should not go to, there is another one which is opportunity cost, government jobs, all your life ends at night, you cannot do any more work, there are rules and regulations, you see this. In such a wounded heart, Mahesh Kumar, I will tell you that in the future, from 19 in 2000 to 21 to 2055, there will be 21 to 2055 people who are looking for jobs. What kind of opposition will you get in India? This is not the only ad, if your bandh is fine, then this is the biggest thing.  And I will tell this with a very good memorandum, it is fine, then comes the quality of living, I feel that if your father was at a good level, your house is very good. Positive living should be above torn navel. Government employee is strong because if I tell you how much you people will relate, then the government house which I have owned neither in 1999 nor in 2014 is made of Roman training which will not break till 2014. Okay, they have their own issues.  They are interested in sewerage, they are pure in cleanliness, they are happy in the maintenance of their stomach, if you decide how many people will you set up, it is okay if the government opens.  Then the house would have a title and the houses which are closed also get opened. How many people relate to this, please like it. Okay, this is me telling you the basics, we will start giving quiet channels, that milky water will not be hard, it will be fun.  Due to which the mark will become lighter and how much will it cost and after finalizing it, but if you do not keep a dog in the government house, then there is a small thing, you were deprived of Akshay Manch for 40 years, you came down to take a bath, then you got the job, but 40 years are yours.  Which often happens in the bathroom, is n't it your confession? It turns out that it is monsoon, it is a basic thing, it has a good style, it is nice, a chief vote fan, it is two lakhs, but you will remain at 40 thousand rupees, it is equivalent to a human being, it is a big packet, it is good for someone to own one.  Tell me, I am telling that I need a very big thing, okay, and how much do you set it like this, you tell me the times, okay, then it becomes yes, uncertainty 30kg should be said in the beginning, then there is certainty, the job is confirmed. Salary is certain, only these two things are certain, yes, third thing, yes, there will be posting, I don't know whether there will be promotion or not, I don't know, you have found the type of boss, you cannot leave him while I am on a fast, if yours is not very good then private is adding you.  I am not enjoying, I am not getting promotion, you gave one month's notice and bye-bye Tata, okay, I hired someone else and started working, okay, then those who are at a good level and Rediff is okay, then that award.  can do this  Jobs all together, they have to understand the biggest thing is that it is a government job, it is like a lion in a circus, you get food right in time, but you should have it, you also have to eat the codes of ring master, so you want to eat vada, no no.  Do you want or want to see, you will live like a circus lion, do you want to become a lion of the jungle, brothers and sisters, do you want to make your child a lion of the jungle, this is 30 days that call me and economy will be mine in the next video.  I will end this video only on this one, I have given food for thought, no one was very good on the previous video, got very good feedback, I have crossed the subscribers, thank you all very much and I will make more on this. Because when I have to give feedback and talk openly, I will tell everything myself and whoever asks to touch on the topics, I will tell us clearly, so everyone has to think about the government job here.  If you want to start earning money at the age of 18-19 years, I will make it in the next video on Delete Navami. I want you to send this video to maximum people whose children are in the situation. Even if your children are 15-16 years old, you can also watch this video. Look, my request to India is that the India which is above the level should bypass the government jobs and give opportunity to the children of our other brothers and sisters. You have taken them in the group.  You have done the job, now give a chance to your other children because on one group, an officer comes from a poor family, he brings his entire family for this fund and in whose house you have 6 roaming around, if the seventh will also come, then it is like this. Some of you liked it very much but his coming today like I told the party facts, such a grade will neither be for him nor for you and he will take a vacancy for a person who will be benefited, so let's see how you felt on this.  video please share what is this  Give feedback and share it with maximum people so that those children go from here to there and what to do, I will tell in the next video because this will not be possible and they will forget that the cap is not great and you know what it can do.  If not then give feedback Hello