Hello friends, the topic is, you are a government employee, if you feel like taking VRS, then what should you take? I will help you in decision making. The video is according to the current time of 2022 June-July, it is okay, so this is it. Watching very well and in all the groups of ours, there are more discussions in the decision itself that sharing the [ __ ], British coming from Mumbai became one in this very very close and monitoring, so you can see it very well.  I will tell you, first of all we will discuss the reason why you want to leave, why do you want to take VRS, are you employed in a government job, what are the things people are not doing for your government job, do you know the drama happening on the street, okay that's the whole thing. I feel like leaving you, okay then what is the reason, the reason can be one, two or three. Which is your reason, you write in the comment section that my one said one, mine said two, my already okay then one.  The reason may be that your  If there is no promotion in the department, then you are pained that my caliber here is not being seen, that is, I am not being appreciated by the people and I am leaving and I have been a lot, they don't know India or I will do it. This is the reason why I am new, like, there is a pension for those who were born before 2004, so if you are from before 2002 and are thinking of leaving, then both of you will get the pension, it is okay, if you are not getting the pension after January 2004, then you are okay.  If you don't like yourself too much or want to give up then this video is for you, one reason could be this, the other reason is that you are not enjoying and for some reason you have to stay away from the family because children's education is important.  There is no place, right, your posting is taking you left and right, and you are not able to manage, you are not able to manage with your wife, and you are not able to manage the house, along with this, the situation is like that of that sugar prince, there are thousands of them.  You are unwell, you are not getting leave, you are having general frustration in time, this is the reason, okay, then this could be the reason for leaving now, so I will tell you this reason first and then I will tell you the latest, what do you have to do right now in this market.  What do you have to do? Okay, applicable for all government people. Anywhere you want. Okay, if you are on the government officer group, then this video is for you. It's very good. Okay, anything can be from any department. Okay, so these two research.  So this  Which is Reliance, not getting promotion, not getting respect, not getting this joke and others also have issues in their life, I am not able to do it, due to these reasons I want to leave, children have grown up, education is set up at home, then if any of these are your  If you have both the regions, then write Aanshu, if it is Agarwal, then write that. If it is Bittu, then the trick is that these are the regions. Okay, I am not going to leave your job. If you tell in your time, then instead of making it long and telling it at the end.  I am going to give his arguments right now, 13 Okay, I police agree, this problem is a very big problem, but I am telling you that this problem will be spread by other problems. The first thing that the government people are doing in the economic cycle that we are going on. Now there are no many grade sheikhs to get jobs, I am telling this current, not only now, my friend reached there two years ago, if it is a matter of today, then first of all I will put the people in the city, then I will put them in the city. Meaning, a company of Rs 1000 crore will be worth Rs 1 lakh crore. Now instead of Rs 16 crore, he subscribed five percent. The student was given back what ever you are some friends telling you that even in the country there is a share and even 2 minutes of dating with things where I tell you. Those doing the device should be rationalized and fully agree to do the work of dressing that pin code and if not then what salary did they get? So I was in it and from there you get so much more work to do. You are not getting it, now you are getting time, if you are getting time, then you start writing something else, there is no need to put the stamp of going to an institution to get some degree to learn, these days it is like you can get it from YouTube.  You are learning this thing from me in such a way that there is a lot to learn and become interesting. They will be discussed through Bigg Boss for 2 hours. Things are told openly but you should not take this decision now. This is Economic Swaraj Cycle.  Now it has become like this, let's go into Lakh, it is going to increase to suppress you people, after suppressing it, you get three percent charge, it has become 27% of you people, okay subscribe, the salary will be so much that even the government will be stressed on it.  They will not even give it to the people and there is so much violence going on and if you children of Group A officers get jobs, China has no guarantee and you are leaving all the jobs and coming back, then now we will go straight to the lower middle class. By getting arrested in a gang, this middle class can become six and if the child starts giving many things and you too are not engaged then go to the lower class, this is a back part because the permission you are thinking of is not that many cigarettes, the expenses are a lot and so on.  Many government people are in such an eco system where despite the low salary, they have a lot of facilities because the eco system itself is cheap in terms of facilities where you have to come out and pay, gym, swimming pool or other such facilities are very useful. spend money  If you come to big cities and buy mead in that way, if you are not earning money, it will not be used, mine will be used, it will be used, and brother, it will not be used, but the requirement of the corporate has changed, the supply is not enough, no, this position and then this  Retired from a position in the government and here they will tell you that you are 54 years old, today you have got a job within four hours of Chaudhary Sa Pani, and here you think that you will go to sales, it is okay in operation.  You will go away like this and you will not perform such functions as admin, there will be your water supply and arrangement work, the way you treat your Group C, okay good night, the same will happen to you in that and that to you too.  If you are a military man then if you are a senior in your department and there is no promotion then you become a junior-senior, he will still have shame in his eyes, who is a 3032 35 year old team boy, isn't she a girl, she will not be allowed to have your gray hair. That he will call you by name, why do n't you know, brother, okay, stick to your department wherever you are, try your life, you will definitely be fitted with a contrast device, but according to today's expenses, we will take one more lemon, tell me one more thing, very brilliant man.  Is n't it and it is great that this video Sangh will not take the decision of leaving anyway and those who consider themselves as an actor whose power is good. For example, if I put your mouth in the swimming pool and you fall and you  Also, when you are not thinking about going out, which movie will I go to watch, I will go shopping, you hold her * Pimples back, you will come out with full force, under these eyes, now this diet situation is completely over.  If this happens, I will tell you about this point of situation, it will be a situation of what can't I die and the water is full, the parents also have money, there is passive income and dental.  It is possible that the wife is doing this very-very job, that's why I first give my wife a job, before leaving home, there is a son, a daughter, a conscience in the family, you are the one who earns the money and you are the one who has left the job, are you thinking that your wife has ever left the house?  If the children don't have a job yet, otherwise it means the whole family will be black, we will fight among ourselves, only then nothing is going to happen, so scold the wife first of all, even if the wife is a teacher of Rs 40,000, the mode setting in any school is very high, some are 2 lakh.  Salary directed all 3464 gas which is not taxed that this will be there taxable income ok then if it is so then that is a different thing and if not then do this then do this If you want to leave the house then like this yes to this week's release Don't leave in Heart Blood Leaving in cold blood was done after careful consideration, just today, someone has missed promotion, she has been insulted or has not been given leave and the blood is boiling, don't take decision in that d3d  Sit down and imagine yourself as a person who doesn't know what you are. If you come to know in the market in 15 minutes a day, you come to know in the first 15 days. Then you do one thing, take a month's leave.  Take it and think, you have retired and think of doing something, see what you can do, if you melt and shrink in government, then there is no appointment letter, people will go to do your job, it is not legal for them but thanks daddy.  Retired and price searching for this and see for yourself and try tourism that sort of modern scheduled tribes. You can do it in the name of your bike or in the name of bike. So you can open a company and do some work by taking GST pin number and director number.  You can try it, you too can see that this device is of 2022 and is applicable till 2030 24. Then the rocket will be launched in Navami in one and a half years.  Do n't know what changes may happen, if it happens, then leave it, then the validity of this device is on this 2022 December and Zoom representative just not see this country in that direction is going towards one and the program and our okay  If you know where you are going, who is busy with some things, who leaves the job for the children, you take leave for 24 months, so that this WhatsApp is who and more than that, 12 months pass anyway.  Devotion to one thing is very good and somehow you can sustain it in the physical way. It's okay, sometimes you have to spend money, you have to travel, be it by line, by train, from Situ and so on.  If the expenses are yours, then let them do it, it is better than leaving the job. Spend six-eight months and cover the expenses. Don't leave the job so soon, because where will you people go? The salary of the group people will be Rs 45 lakh. In three-four years, this much is what will come out after combining all the alarms, so hold on, that is the device, so agree with the device, please right, agree to disagree, please side D, I too will come to know about my status as such a teacher, she has been able to explain.  This thank you is people and not and you understand by check and north ok it does not mean give up your desire Vinay Singh's vote of exit does not mean to leave Leave the desire and keep the desire. Prepare your penis. Different things. Network will increase. Your network will increase your values. You should subscribe to Topic Discuss. You will know automatically. Here we were waiting for that time. That time has come but it will happen and at that time when you are asking.  Ho To Redmi Note Resist To Aim To Tell Who Don't Leave For Reaching Back Don't Leave Before Reaching A Situation Where You Want To Ask Any Buddy What Will Lead You For Watching This Point To Skin I Want To Leave You Tell Me What To Do When Even Odd Years Only Made Into Living Very Clear All That Home Button Shift Please Share Like This Suffer Thank You Thank You Can  Must go by subscribing to Give Shelter to talk points. Okay thank you.