Hello friends, this is a very unique topic for a unique audience. If you have this audience in your life, you have to get them to subscribe, you have to share it with them, but for general knowledge, everyone can see the topic which is in the hands of the group's options government. Der Pen in Real Estate is a very excellent realistic land related topic. If there is any group officer in your house who is working or you or your circle then please read this.  If you share, you will understand and for those who are in the normal investor community, it is also a matter of information, so what is PIN? Do you know that the officers of Sunna Group are top to three percent of the government and they have the highest number in the government machinery? That how difficult it is, it is like this and here no one is going to take the list of the names of the department from IAS to IPS and then your difference and this is fine, they have started taking leave, para.  Military forces, Railways also, SAF, CISF, CRPF and as many as you have, this is UPSC exam along with IS and as many state government ones as well and even if you add PAC ones also, then we are fine, that means as many as you have to account for. Meaning, we will not go to the department but we will click on the specific group officer of any department. Now what is your unique case of the unit, so for you, as long as you are in your service, you are in the job.  You get a house according to your status. You get a house according to your status. There is a lot of space in it. I will not talk about DCs, DCs are heard in the whole country for half a century or I will not talk about SPs, they have many acres.  If I meet you, then let me know that if it happens, it happens quickly and I don't know if there are big gardens and all the things, I will catch the normal people here too, so that you get something different, openness, your road is wide, the facilities are fine.  But you get used to it in life and then the ultimate time comes when you buy your own house. Now you are retired. Those who were not discussed earlier, they have done well in their life, but today, the officers of the group  The social status is here and the sad status in the market is here and the mistake is that the status is even lower and they are stuck in real estate. I want to tell everyone that the pain is that in the city and not in the central location in the big city. able to buy  Commencement to the year status in the society and late search status Paytm and late active status many times what is your death status on up or down down, does not understand it, understands it more up, that is a problem, second, if this is taken, then the right status.  But you came from us Bigg Boss so many people and instruction if trending properties of captives which articulates below group B in these fixed group B nothing happens normally  If it is fine in a government job, then it means that if you remain below your status, you will remain there because one's feelings cannot be removed, you have used service cars on it for 35 years as an officer, so I have made a video to subscribe, this is what I am not explaining, I am disgusted with you.  If you used to stand and walk, then you definitely have the ability to get subscribe. Many people will loose top in the comment section, so I will not like it or not, people do corruption, earn money, do this, turn off that is mode.  Consultation and Advice Note The thing and 98% people are not agree to one and 2% have fruit video 9810 and stool is being made for the people, we are getting grinding done by our department. Okay, so I am roaming here and there here and there. When the task of retirement comes to them, after retirement they no longer understand what they are doing, so I have to tell a few things to them, first I have to tell all those people about their homes.  You are listening to me through this video so I have to ask if this is the problem because if it is then there is more content which will give you the direction of shirt solution however I am going to touch some things in this too in case you feel like this  That even within Rs 1.5 crore, you are getting so much gratuity every year that man, this is table type, Tapas Paul, different types of comedy are called in the government, typhoid is called type. 34567 Sports Minister gets a ticket, okay, this is also the information about the type of subject, Goriya, the carpet area is specified, that much is required, everything in the government has been given according to the subcastes, this much area will be the weight, this much will be at the back etc. like there will be servant quarter garage.  Are you amused, nor do government officials have this right? Vijay Raj can say that the car in China is worth four lakh rupees, but look at his good fortune, okay, the government employee's website Wikileaks the cars worth four lakh rupees.  It's fine in big garages and I have a big BMW on the road. Anyway, what are these people doing? You are moving to small cities or in big cities that Bigg Boss question means personal space because they say my one.  There can't be a garden, if I get bigger then it would be a 40% gamble. Now there is no solution to it even in going to a small town. If this problem comes, then why should I buy it? So what is the result here because in small towns?  If you had not gone to social, I will make a video on that also, come social, your utility is very less, the circle is less because the old opportunities like you, who retired 8 to 10 years ago, still bought a better place, although the pay commission and salary have increased more.  The one who retired 15-20 years ago, is a group officer, lives in a different place, Kothi. Many people are living in this type also, but you are not able to afford the builder floors, the latter were not able to afford them in the premium segment, so now they are feeling that yes, it does not fit here in the city, move to a smaller city.  Will go but what is the problem that whatever group's executives and retirees are from big cities, when you go on retirement you become senior and those who hold senior positions in big cities must be from small cities, that is why some  Also, that doctor of the department will retire from the helicopter. In all your big cities, either there are state capitals, Delhi, okay, this is a big city, so many times in big cities too, and what is the other thing, it is mostly in this wonderful consultation and acquaintance network.  If mine is tall then these people, many a times, live in a big city. They keep her in a government house. The husband keeps roaming around from here. Somehow he does not leave the house in the big city even after posting. And there he lies waiting to live in the city.  The wife gets so used to the children that now they will not go to a small town, so you are going to get that big house, so the problem is, now you understand what it is, so the solution is that you guys will have to buy this thing for Valentine's Day.  It is better to buy as soon as possible in this real estate cycle because there is still a lot of juice to go up in it and already that pay commission, the government also probably raised the alarm, the students who failed in Lok Sabha made it a Congress MP, it is sticky pay commission. I don't get commission on 108%, this is my information. If you have better information than yours, then please tell me some formula according to the formula. Which formula is it? Under some formula, some salary will be revised. I too will get MS Word down.  There will be something like percentage based on product called grade pay commission which people used to forward and the salary would jump in jump like in 2006 it came in 2016.  Came but used to get this job, this is economic rise activity, I don't thing, certificate subin forward IC government servants, when the officers of whole group, I am catching the officers of the group again and again because of eunuchs, creating competition, working hard, considering yourself the cream of quality, this is Comes in a default setting and at some point and released, nothing great has happened in our life as long as we have become officers, nothing like this has happened, it is a series of jobs and  Under that too, I want to dispel a little bit about I do n't come here, not demotivate, it is big, it is you, what is being said is being said truthfully, there is no need to be demotivated in this, your motivation needs to become a fact, you need to be motivated.  I am guaranteeing that brother, this is the salary of the group's officers, ask me how much it will be in 2019, whether it increases through bill or this VPN number, now it will be 38 cents but by sewing next year. Also get a rough estimate of the increase due to inflation. Three percent increment is being charged. You know your decision, which are the first and we are 12:00, which are thirteen and payment etc. Whatever you know, your salary can be told roughly.  The formula of the face is 24 cents, you become 27, when the child sends a gross, when he crosses 50, he becomes 30, if you get a shroud on basic, then it is rough mathematics.  And if you know everything from the North, then you can make the economy good, make it bad, make it very useless, it does n't matter much, these facts, when the economy is struggling outside, then relatively the government services feel rich, India is in a state of turmoil. When there will be a recession in the economy on the lease of jobs, when the last time was imposed in eight from 2004, then the condition of the government servants, meaning what big people do, had become bad, meaning the small children who  The new child was worth 40 to 45,000 rupees and Gopi Adhikari, whose father was the year old son, if there was a match between the father and the son, the father had been looting the son's 3 year old job in Bharat Private for 30 years, then suddenly something happened to him.  Now even today Government Servants Platinum Swift Going For It's Going Downhill Admin Group We 325 Treatment Dollar History On Investments And The Way  You buy me in the stock market and Yadav in your asset health. Restructuring Addition is very important, so if you are struggling with this problem, then please, I will also tell you the way out of it. Restructuring acid is kept somewhere by selling it.  Is it important to take it as per the future by editing it by taking a clean and nice place? Is it important to take it in the city? Your time will not pass in a small town. It will be good for four-five years. You will feel peaceful from Dehradun.  So many people are in touch with me who want to sell their houses there and come to Gurgaon. Now, if you see the photos of the teams, you will be like, 'Dude, why are you coming here?' And if you look at their photos, you can also see hills behind them.  This is an auction, looking ruined, brother, you are looking so cute, why do you want to sell, time doesn't pass, brothers, there is nothing to do, there was definitely a job, at that time I was going strong in life, I thought that there will be happiness here in 24 years, anything from Wahabi sleep. Otherwise there was only greenery, greenery, ok, nothing to talk about, no activity, nothing, how much fun will you have, children of the off, don't pick up, I have only taken the name of one city, I am not doing this, there are many such cities where people do not do anything.  They were on time, they enjoyed Panchkula very much, this old people there will be trapped even in front of Panchkula, towards Morni Hills, towards Pinjjar, plots are also coming out, if anyone wants the latest there then let me know, don't buy from me.  And if you want to buy it for someone then tell me these are the top 20 types in India, it is okay after spending 65 thousand rupees, if someone wants to buy it then even if I refuse, I am the number one charity worker, so at the shop I am telling you not to eat sweets. Don't eat fresh honey but still if anyone wants to eat it then WhatsApp me Peace and Panchkula one to anyone's mind Naina ji I have heard everything from you, we have to stay here only people are okay, take a plot, make your own house, okay on rallies  Who wants to stay, I know that they are killing with the intention of having fun and that life is not so long. I am telling this to all the executives of the group and the world. In 35 years, you got a job, do all your training planning and it doesn't happen inside.  The heads of the extra paper pass are everywhere and then you guys got married, then you guys gave birth to two kids, then raised them, educated them, then got them married, so much activity, about 35 years, now 60.  From Noida, there is nothing to do, there is no job, otherwise children are being born, it is your responsibility, okay, and children are not there, there is nothing else, what will you do for 35 years, have you ever thought that 5 years would have passed, people say.  You are there call 100 gram play samsung nylons meaning today socialization of finance if 3 years will be spent then nothing will happen golf is not played what happened to school which fry will you take so su-27 you were playing no one in that Someone used to bump into you, there was networking, there was Guru Dutt, someone was there to sycophant you, you were being given superior sandwiches, you were speaking English and Hindi, you were speaking English and Hindi for a lot of time, no one asked in old age, and as you get older, something happened.  I don't even feel like listening to taunts. No, I will still spend that time. Prime process. 133 years of closeness. Sir, whatever you are listening to, does not move away. Choose your place appropriately and play the I am number one playlist.  Rati I interact with people in the mind of Lord of people having their assets, I made a video specifically for one group, for now I will normally make videos for them because every section has its own problem and its particular.  The problem is what they understand or including organization and real-estate clarity and I think I understand everything so today I chose that your  The problem is 13 and findings and big cities point pricing you and what do you going on the various outskirts of the city and you will be getting Vijay entry which you will not be able to identify with and after will create trouble even pain in the society and  Rate Place My Posting Request Entry This is a different entry You are from this entry If you stay with this center then you will  It is a problem but the fence of this entry is the status which is yours and your emotional status is below your social status, you have to name your friend status in such a way that it does not match the social status but take a bigger place inside, this is the solution with me.  Readymade Available Take This U R P Singh Sach Difficulty How Can Help You To Create A Content You Are Going Is Not Commensurate With Her Status Here Any  The person likes it something and someone just told us that it is very good, the food is very good, you will get Litti Chokha, Litti Chokha is something, not all from Delhi, from Bihar, Delhi, I don't know about it, sandals are left on date. Ya Richer Place Where Tak Rahul Is Not S Par Yun Tak Is Note S Par Your Liking And U Like Shayari Mere Ko Kya Diva He U Not Knowing You Want And E Thought Coat Also White Lining  In Samsung systems for a grease, if nothing else, this would be the condition, and if nothing else, the table and chair would be placed inside the boundary wall, you are standing outside there on the dust, standing in lines of mud, we will cook it with suspicion, if it is found, it has been sent wrong, but that is so.  Litti Chokha is worth ₹ 40, what will be the harm in it, petrol will be wasted for friends, one hour will be wasted. Times tow. Real estate is not the cheap and I see people taking decisions like that in real estate research officer Singh. My ticket price.  1.4 So I Will And 1.4 I Want For Find Specific Between Will Get Improvement So This I Your Role And Why So Long Problem Tell That Size Comes From Back Tuesday Said Brigadier So Know When Used In A Great You Are Doing Family That  Junit Express also started 90 friend space first like and bile solution for the people in this category as you want  To Associate You Can In WhatsApp And Connect With WhatsApp Online Number Jeevan Block I Will Be Happy To Give Solution Something Is The Number Of Please Mom I Am A Conductor Educational Webinar For You Depending On The City And It's Not Only Gurgaon Even Lucknow Pune Chandigarh Panchkula  I know it is 10 12 cities which live in remand Group West Delhi S One People Want Delhi NCR  Gurgaon In All People Want To Know The Most People Want Her To 15613 Is My Feedback Hands And Securely Supply Wishes Requirement Supply Co WhatsApp Calling Ka Ka Kaam I Ca n't Launch Project For Your Requirement Aishwarya Budget To What The Where Is The Nearest Solution For  Pyun is just for the solution, isn't it?  I do n't agree with all of you on this one, from Loafer to many people, many people have gone to Rupa Adhikari Smart World 800 Hafiz, where the crowd is very swan type and has different feelings, many of them do n't even know who lives above that, they will remain boys and  He will smoke that cigarette and he will leave the day in this video, who has been the best government officer will rise and will always be Anil but then we all will leave, I am telling you an example with the help of energy in this project.  Excellent for investment and even setting on the images are very young then and your retired listen to this twisting a young people in witch state also people who are doing stars living in boy-girl music chham dum dum dum dum but you have seen it no one is going to tell you  Was that if Disclaimer Eminem Student Project Ideas of rate projects will develop as on investment and its  Value for Money 2012leave a comment for example and if it is not possible that I do that project then just opposite subscribe and subscribe to the channel in the videos, Which Re Launde Lapade Rahega, then I will do the same, ok, that paisa ghaala means Shravan will get the roof from above. Why would there be a party by doing stunts, then what would I be doing there in that cord? I would be reading my newspaper, would be reading a book, would I be saluting or would I be clipping like this. See, this is how it happened: Yes, suddenly there is you in the park and who is this, what happened, after typing this, you are fine, now I will not go towards my solid comedy, Stark Pat Aeromix, this is a message to give like, definitely message Tubelight Projects are good but it's like jeans, which one to wear, I also after time, which side reverse answer, torn scenes, do not sip that this group means first year only can be  PM Auspicious results, like she came out on Type C entry and she has roamed around like this, that kind of girl will not come with you, you don't like it, otherwise if she is like Zinc, then ask someone there, brother, according to me, show her. Tapasya is also the address, brother, according to us, please show me the request, I hospital was got some videos, before the will get, so soon, you have to keep the meaning which was big decision making in reality when you  On the 10 lakh curtain of registration, you can buy property by going to the tehsil through lakh registration. If you buy this thing at another place then subscribe the place properly.