Hello friends, The Great Identity Crisis of the Indian Middle Class is going to be a very iconic video. Please share and watch the videos of the middle class because it is becoming a subject of pain for a large section of us which we call Indian Middle Class.  So let's start historically, if you look at the middle class, there were some songs of a middle class, okay earlier it was lower middle class, then it was middle middle class, now it is thick middle class.  There was a song by Bappi Da, if you tell me which movie it was from, maybe there was a film on Anil Kapoor and Amrita Singh. Sambho tha sona nahi chandi nahi yaar to mila pyaar kar le to mean that was like sona, chandi toh nahi mila tha.  Is it okay for the middle class or before that Rishi Kapoor's song Bobby Ka Deti Hai Dil De Badle Mein Dil Ke Na Mangu Sona Chandi Na Mangu Bangla Gaadi, there were a lot of middle class Amol Palekar movies if you remember. So a little is needed, the definition of middle class was where in the middle class was living a very balanced life in the 80's, 70's, 80's, even in the early 90's, used to work, used to earn something, had a slow pace of life.  There was work life balance. Papa used to go. All you youngsters who are watching me will remember their childhood days. Okay, so there was a slow pace of life, there was not much money but there was so much.  That it used to be sustainable and aspirations were also there that the coming of a cooler, the coming of a color TV from black and white in the house, it is okay sometime, the coming of an AC with a cooler, the coming of a scooter, the coming of a small car with a scooter, what has happened to the middle class today?  And what is happening because of it is that the whole fabric of the Indian middle class haven that was one is tearing apart and it is forced into an identity crisis and this is what I will prove and it  Is resulting in a wide spread frustration confusion anxiety loneliness burn out depression burn out physical emotional mental financial lack of purpose, fear of uncertainties, I tell him in the middle class, there are five, seven, 10 things in life, what is money?  Middle class has Apple, not now, there is an issue of money, you agree, respect is a default setting, a businessman type or any person works.  30 years ago, an average middle class person would have got respect on the road. If you are a middle class person today, then on default setting you are not getting any respect whether you are a driver or a car cleaner or a newspaper hawker and general society.  I used to have a respect, but now I am not getting it. There was a time when the middle class used to have, long ago, I will give you an example. If you remember, in every family there was some relative doing business or someone else.  The one who becomes rich or a businessman or the other was seen as having family functions. Earlier, if you remember, weddings used to last for two, three, four days and there were many functions. Nowadays it is not that there is only one function in one.  Whether he would go to the reception or on that day, he could not even come at that time, his wife would come, children would come and the rest of the family, the great middle class, would look at him like, okay, you don't have time, you are running after money.  type like Looks used to come and it was seen that we are middle class, we had free time, holidays were planned, during summer holidays grandparents would go to grandparents' house or they would go like this, there were big plans, now there was a pause. That time has also gone, even money is not that much, respect is not there, time has also gone, getting up, sitting and mingling with the family as much as they can on the default setting, now the immediate family which is the parents, mother-in-law and father-in-law.  I am not even getting time. I am not getting time for my siblings. There used to be a time when Mama ji is going, uncle ji, aunt ji, uncle ji, aunty, someone is coming, it means people coming and going, including your second third relatives, even the cousins ​​of your parents.  There used to be this kind of system, now it is becoming very rare. Middle class people do not have such great relationships with their parents. Parents either do not understand, children speak or parents speak and children do not understand us and do not listen to us.  They do n't talk to us, they don't have time for us, so this is also one of the rituals which was followed by the middle class, we love a lot, we love once, we do that in Shahrukh Khan's movies, if you have heard the dialogue, we do marriage once.  Are the parents, the great parents, all that is also gone, living in multiple marriages, extra marital affairs, it is okay, the breakdown of marriages, divorce, 498 alley money, all that has also come, so that element of culture, that too has disappeared.  It seems that the thing on which the middle class used to sit has also gone, okay then there was one thing Lordship over Poor, you will remember that now people under 35 years of age are watching me, people under 35 40 are watching if you Remember, 20, 25, 30 years ago, your mother used to give Lordship to the maids and also used to impart knowledge and data. Nowadays, that is not possible. Nowadays, you cannot make a poor maid or Choudhary, they say that Madam is ours also.  Respect will not come from tomorrow by doing work like this and something will be lost and first and such was the attitude of my father and second thing is the middle class has released or it is in the process of releasing especially through the videos which I keep making that saying the rich is no longer.  Working for the middle class, even by hating the rich, it will not help that today, if you watch carefully, if I say one thing, because I will say some elements, it will definitely hurt. This disclaimer will come, here almost all the videos of my middle class are hits, okay, I am bringing different perspective, you tell me whether this line I am going to hit is right or not. Middle Class Today is working to make the Rich richer middle class is working for the rich and paying the poor a little bit is enough for me so a little bit in between if you allow then middle class is paying the poor working  For the rich and there is an identity crisis, not becoming rich, dreams are definitely there, but it is not being made quickly, don't want to become poor, ofcourse and feeling scared, but a lower class section is coming and catching up as if the car is driving.  If she was of middle class life, if she looked ahead then she would not be able to see the rich. She has come so far away from the one who is real rich and now she has started looking poor in her rear view. Didn't she do ketchup? Not ahead.  Because if the poor move ahead then they will become middle class or you will become rich, but those who were not visible in the mirror or were seen far away, now they have started appearing like this, they are coming in the rear view, the accelerator is not going forward, almost enough.  The pressure is so intense that I am burning out. With excellent analysis, in a leisurely manner, I am telling you that the time has come for a great Indian middle class Dylan, disillusionment, which is called disillusionment.  Many things are happening that the societies taught us this, the society taught us this, taught us that and what is being dissolved, I am telling them that there was a formula generation, those who used to run on formulas, those formulas have now stopped.  Now they do not work and the young generation is questioning those formulas. The formulas are not working. The parents do not have any formula because the great Indian middle class used to work on the formula.  What was the formula, study well, work hard, get good marks, then go to college somewhere, then do a job somewhere, after the job you will get a girl, you will get a boy, you will get married, then you will get home, then you will have fun, then you will have children and that was a formula that this is just this formula now.  If this formula is not working then it is still good for some people if it works but this was a basic thing which was done and dusted of the middle class 30 years ago that if you are studying in school then your  You are getting good marks, your values ​​are fine, you have not indulged in bad habits, if you have worked hard then you will not get a very top job, you will get a less top job, you will get a mediocre job, you will get married after getting a job.  After marriage, the house, groom's arrangement, then children and life goes like this. Now today's middle class children are not able to achieve even these basic things. This is not happening, they are not getting a job because why are they not getting a job because it is a formula job.  Those who are poor should not need a formula job like I tell you. Look at your day today. I had told you about respect that middle class people cannot scold their maids. If you have to give a little more work to the maid to wash the utensils today.  It has become too much because guests have come or you have to prepare more dishes, you have to do something, you have to cut onions or you have to get some extra work done, then with great fear you apologize upfront and say, please, this, Vimla, Kamla, anyone.  Take a name, this type is fine, not that, I want to stereotype the name as an example that yaar yeh tu yeh kar dena iske extra paise de denge and the made some times and many times reply that no no madam, not of money, not mine.  There is no time to pass, we have to go to the next house, we have to go to the next flat, we have to go to the next society, the same thing, the middle class cannot do it in their own office with their own post that you are giving work.  Isn't it, why am I not paying extra money for this or I can't do it, this frustration is coming a lot, it is becoming very bitter that you are not being able to do things with your bossy class and your employees and people are much lower than you are easily able.  To Do Now, she can leave the maid class jobs easily, can take them easily, if she is in a mood to leave, will leave, will do it again, will do it again.  The Same Luxury is Not Late in the Middle Class Setup A middle class person cannot leave a job, he can leave marriage, he can leave not having children, he can leave parents, he can leave wife, husband can leave anything, but he is not like this.  If we could leave it then why is it coming, how is it coming, we have to pay attention to it, on top of this we have to introspect that now the formula will not work, there is one more subject of pain in this, if you tell us whether it is that or not which of the middle class.  parents  Those who were born in 1960, 70, early 70 and 1960, whose children are now 35 years old, 25 years old, 22 years old, 30 years old, they have made their children like Eden, we also used to do it in our time also, we also did it like this, now you do it.  Now you go on, show me, we have completed our marriage, now you, this is a challenge, brother, when she was going, the syllabus was easy because you  Had access to some books and coaching and tuition, the exam used to be passed, now the internet has leveled the playing field so much that children of so many poor people are coming, now even the children of porters are becoming IS. Shouldn't they become so?  Brother, should we not become like this? I am talking about the middle class. One is the middle class and there is a problem that where the poor are being talked about, enter there and take a stand for the poor. Hey, look at yourself.  Otherwise in a few days someone else will be taking a stand for you. First look at your condition. Middle class does not even know the definition. If father earns 3 lakhs then a 26 year old boy thinks that he is also middle class. No no child, you are. You are not earning even a single rupee, you are lower class, you are poor, your father is earning 3 lakhs, it is father's not mine, then your sister is also 25 years old, 24 years old and your mother is also there.  She is 50 years old and does not work and your grandmother is also sitting at home. It is your father who is earning so you will divide by five to six. There are six of you and you are not even earning Rs 50000 per month because father's income is Rs 84000.  And 84000 salary seems very good to someone if he is a top officer, but how much tax goes on it and how many years are left in his father's job, what will happen next and those whose father does not even have pension.  If you have not acquired much assets and are not getting any job then is this illusion breaking? Is this a matter of pain for the middle class? What can you do for this? First of all, this realization should come that brother respect now. When the lower class does chakki grinding, they see things getting better in their lives, then they have the spirit of the middle class, neither can they get a car through chakki grinding. Because the car is already ready, there is not enough money to buy a house, because there is no more money for the new generation, here the time has come where the parents of the middle class and the middle class parents are in their early 50 and 50 and 60 they have too  Step in and with the change that is taking place in the society, we will not tell our children that yes, you see, we also worked hard, who was there at our time and at your time, the syllabus is relatively.  It was easy if your parents were not ultra poor, I am saying ultra poor, the country was poor, everything was fine in 60, 70 but you were not ultra poor, you must have completed your education well, then your competition etc. was not as much as it is today.  And there was a relative advantage, whether you were lucky or your parents helped you, now it is your responsibility to keep some advantage for your children in this cruel world.  In terms of assets, in terms of supporting them regularly, physically, emotionally, mentally, it is very important. If you do not do this, then neither the children will get jobs, nor will they get married, nor will their children. You can definitely say that no, no, what difference does it make to us?  It seems that we have taught you, we have written it, it would be painful to see your family not progressing in front of you, your parents, here I am addressing the parents who have turned 60, your parents are very happy.  Or those who are in their 80's and 90's that your family has progressed, that you will not get happiness and for want of what which insistence, when the writing is on the wall that there is no stability of job, there is no stability of career then provide stability of place. Provide Support Even today, the biggest advantage of the middle class is that you have a financial history, you can get loans, you can use financial leverage, the poor cannot bank.  Will not give loan even for a house worth 30 40 50 lakhs even if his salary and money are in the family because there are six people in his family. On an average 30 35 4 people are earning Rs. 1.5 lakhs. But still.  They will not get a loan of Rs 253 lakh but the middle class will get it. This is a big difference. Middle class is in this cycle where asset rates are increasing. It is different from different classes.  It is very very important that you leverage it and go ahead otherwise you will be left behind, especially the parents who are sitting on an FD of Rs 1515 202 lakhs, someone somewhere is sitting on something, the family will now have to unite, whatever assets you have. What ever reason is for safety? Want to keep it in your name? Keep it in your name. Want to take it in a joint. Take it in a joint. Take a child loan. You make your down payment. You 30  But take part in its rent and also share in the appreciation, but please do it together because if you don't do it now then it will not happen to your children because what is the matter with your children and you have got into the habit of not doing any work in the house. But this lower class people should never keep anyone in their house to sweep and wash utensils. These days you must have seen those jokes and memes. Realization is coming to Janji because he earns two lakhs on Instagram.  And you must have heard that joke that how much do you earn, it says 8000, well it is said per month, not per day, so these middle class children who are stuck till 35 40 50 55 60000 have stopped and those Momo people.  The story of 'That one and a half to two lakhs, let's go may be too much of a word of mouth' but what I want to tell everyone is that at some point of time you will have to leave your job.  Whether it will be available or not, or not everyone can do it, as soon as you talk to the middle class about doing business or doing their own work, then one term comes out of their mouth, Startup, the other is my placements round, the valuation rounds which are again 100.  Crore 200 Crore and Equity: No normal person thinks that by serving 50,100,200 clients, can I earn one and a half, two or three lakh rupees per month?  I am not even thinking, either here till the moon or I can't do anything. There is no practical thinking in between. This middle class needs to learn from the lower class that no business is small. Ammi Jaan says any business or any work.  It is not small, start small, don't get into this tea and all these funds which are in English, this is also a faddy, all of them are running in losses, you are using the money of outside investors.  Look at this, from Paytm CTM to all the listing listings that have been done in the last four years, everything is a fluke including that and the one on Bharat Pay. Which Aneer Gawar keeps giving knowledge? He did not earn money in the business. It is all a game of valuation, so it is all the same.  Want to go to the level of normal 50, that normal 50, 100, 200 people, find out about their pain point and service.  In your neighborhood with in 500 meters and 1 kilometer of where you stay you can have enough ideas I keep bringing them in the webinars I have told you can take members ship or inside the comment section you will have subscriber info webinar so in this way I keep bringing them  And I will but they will be low hanging fruit the models and the business will not sound something very great and sexy okay but  These people have done them, they are making 3 4 5 lakhs a month and I will not take so much pride in the idea, it is all a game of execution, so I hope this middle class will wake up to this and understand that we should do something like this.  Have to do it and this is a sense of detachment of parents that brother, we don't know the syllabus further, you have followed this one of ours, not the one who is employed, but who is in college.  We don't know about this further and if you see this then it is a request to the parents, don't end your kids, neither the rich are letting their children down nor the lower class is letting them down, it is only the middle class which is letting their children down. And she is not holding hands. There is a need for a lot of hand holding. A lot of guidance is needed and as we grow a family, these are not the times at all that you mean, see if that child is struggling.  If you are doing this, then I request you all to share the video. I hope you will be aligned with the things that there is an identity crisis, now you are never going to get two sanskars back, the lordship over the poor class is not going to come, you are never going.  We are not going to get the luxury of getting that time, that time is gone, that kind of less money is not going to work, now we are not going to cry that education will be expensive.  So what can I do if they are not giving me the solution? Now I am not getting respect. If my parents are not getting it, then I will become my own loaner. I will not even ask my parents or if my parents do not ask me, then this is not sustainable. Human Needs.  Will you complete it in 36, 38 or 40 years or like the old man, will you understand when you turn 47 or not, we will do it anyway, it's been too much time.  After roaming around, you redefine the syllabus, understand the syllabus and realize it or not, friend, all this has to be done, now see how to do it, wherever you feel fear and hurdle, to cross it, you are saying this.  I do n't have to go here, I don't have to do it, I do n't want it, I don't want this, I do n't want that, I don't want anywhere, when nothing is wanted, then man becomes bitter, frustrated, anxious, lonely, depressed.  One goes into depression, no one reaches there on the first day, it is not like someone was here and depression goes away, depression also has a journey, not wanting anything, not wanting anything ever, one thing is that of wanting so many things and in that, you burn while running after it.  Out, this is a theory of burn out. When the burn out becomes so much, then I don't want anything else, then it becomes depression. We neither have to live here in depression nor in burn out. We have to live in the middle, we have to do our work in the job, we do n't have to get ourselves done in such a way, we don't have to sit at home, we do n't have to do anything about ourselves, life is lived only in the middle path, so I hope this gives you an idea of ​​all these things.  You will find Webinar Info Group in the comment section, join it, take membership of the channel, there is constant engagement, there is constant thought process, this is what I call your mental massage.  I come and do mental massage that half the time it is the person who is suffering from identity crisis, first you have to unravel that yes you are right we are dealing with it and when ever this transformation of identity happens it is a painful process and you are alone.  No, there is a very large section of the middle class in India, there are many people in India, you are not alone but this is what is happening, we are going the western way, so you have to see this.  Are you mentally, physically and emotionally ready for this change? There are no constant jobs there but there can be constant places. There are no constant stresses and anxiety but there can be constant relationships. So I will explain these in details further in my Happiness Course on You can board the bus which is still boarding. Some classes have been completed. Two-three classes are being recorded. Four-five classes are lined up.  Those who still have to register for the Happiness Course h2