Hello friends, today's topic is the story of Gurgaon Real Estate and Metro. On this, I am going to give you a very good real estate education even if you are not interested in this area, because of what you will get to know from it.  You will come to know that the journey of every city is different, just because you cannot cut and copy and paste the journey of any other city, here I try to understand it. First of all, I am going to tell you a good knowledge in life, whenever there is an argument.  If it becomes moralistic then the person who is doing moralistic is making an argument, he is not going to become a moral science teacher, there will be pollution, this will happen, this is not good, everything is there, I tell you everything, I make it through examples, I tell you, I understand and If you enjoy then like it here. If this topic is a good topic, there are not many people in Gurgaon, there is not much metro, people like it and I have made many different videos on it as to why not.  And why is this coming beneficial for Gurgaon? People don't understand that I am from here, I will not come to the metro much, this is my take care, I have been saying this for many days and there is not even a letter, DPR goes, comes and people.  It is a problem, it is not coming, why is it not coming and if it is not coming then it is very bad, then I want to explain the same thing that everyone's story is different, I am telling you under the example, Kolkata is our own city, many people know a lot.  People will know this call  Quota I have tried to tell the story of Triyam there for many years and then Metro came there long ago. First of all, Metro came there because the crowd there is ready to travel from there and the population is full and money is very important. 55 paise, 10-10 paise, 20-20 paise in hand, gave back ticket means gave ₹1, gave ₹2 and he gave money to me at 20 paise and that was when I was very old in India. I am not telling about a very old thing, I am not telling how many years old it must be, 17-18 years old thing means 17-18 years ago, 10 20 25, the money was finished, it was finished even 18 years ago, the are not available, the 17-  Even 18 years ago, it was fine and if we had found the cost of living system there, it was a unique thing, like in Mumbai, it runs on local routes and the world travels on it, so you have to understand that it is  There is a system like this in other places, Rs 50 lakh plus travel locally from Mumbai, one cannot go there even after the road is jam-packed, these film stars also get late in vehicles worth two-two-three-three crores, they too are fast in the traffic.  So whoever has it, it was there. No, come to Delhi, the metro system inside Delhi is very good, okay, there are enough buses in Delhi, but in Delhi, do you find any empty road, the roads are also very heavy and the metro is very heavy.  Apart from the place where there is parking and there is Khachar Pachar, you people know what happens while getting down and even then in Delhi, you get the last connectivity, do you get down from the metro, then you met some women and reached your home. But when he goes to the ministry and a government official sits there and he has to sanction Rs. 1120000 crores, then he does not have emotions. Keep it in mind, people do not sit in it, the government, the people of Delhi need facilities to go to Gurgaon, the people of Haryana are not going to make it for them, this is what I am telling you, it has to be made by my speaking, I have come on YouTube and said, don't make it, so I have been so much of Choudhary that Everyone listens to me, here I am telling you what is happening and what are the secrets, what are the benefits, these are the shortcomings of consultants and analysts. Now, those who analyze the stock market do not help the company, neither do the company.  Those who run it have their own brains but they see what is happening, then what is debt, what is investment all about, what is happening, there should not be any moral stick argument in this, it should be done, it has also been made for you, you people of Delhi, you are here.  You will come back comfortably and go to your Delhi. Why would you buy property here? You will buy property here only because it is a pain in commuting. If you are having trouble in commuting then only then will you buy. Now Dwarka Expressway is being built. You all know this.  11,12,000 crore is being built, we will also connect it till Vasant Kunj, whatever end Gadkari has told, it will be opened there, it will open and toll will also be charged, you all know that the government earns money from toll, it has also imposed ₹ 12000 code, my cover. Now, if a metro is built there within one, two or three years, then how will this Rs. 12,000 crores be written? Put your mind to it, everything is coming, it is coming, it is coming, it is working, it is working, it is working.  It is happening, it keeps happening, you also know this in India, but you tell me with your common sense, brothers and sisters, if metro is built on Dwarka Expressway, then where is the metro going to eat from? Is Delhi any less than Gurgaon?  Is it going to be done or not? Okay, do n't you know anything there on Dwarka Expressway? It is a show shot of Aayushi, so till Aayushi, it is inside Delhi only. It is being built in Dwarka only in Sector 25, so from there.  Metro will be built only next year because there is going to be some program of Jeet 20 there and everything is set office, people will come if they want then it will be built because there the rider ship justifies because no one is so stupid that he will make such a thing worth thousands of crores.  And if it is not recovered even in 100 years, then when it will be felt that so many people have come and there is so much crowd of vehicles, then when the time comes to build it, it would have been built in two-three years. People of Delhi will see for themselves.  The thing is that whenever a pillar is built where it is built, it will be built in 2 years or 3 years, when it is decided that it will be built, I will get the money here, right now it is not available anywhere and the population of Gurgaon is 22 lakhs, which is quite a lot of Gurgaon too. No one from Delhi is competing with Delhi. Delhi is very big but Gurgaon will also not be such that it will consider Gurgaon, DLF Face Van Face, you as Gurgaon. Then understand Gurgaon as Golf Course Road. Then understand Gurgaon as Golf Course Extension. There is also DLF Phase 1 Phase. You are Gurgaon with Sushant Lok. Gurgaon with Golf Course Road is Gurgaon with Volt Co Extension Road. Gurgaon with Sona Road is New Gurgaon. Dwarka Expressway.  Lower Dwarka Expressway is on Upper Dwarka Expressway, Sona is Sona 's story, now Gurgaon has also spread so much and has 22 lakh population. But 22 lakh population is spread out, it is enough, it is not decreasing, but if you look at the density wise, 22 lakh population is quite a lot, vehicles move comfortably and now you have built underpasses everywhere, flyovers are being built everywhere, there are normal roads everywhere.  So where the road used to run like this, there was one road, now something has happened here too and something has happened here also, yes those fly underpasses get filled with heavy rains 4 to 5 days in 365 days.  It is not a big thing to fill them, they do not fill it for 360 days, you extract the data and in the 5 days you fill it, you fill it only for 5 to 6 hours, after that it is withdrawn, now you can make something out of it by making news of 5 to 6 hours. That misconception is that there is a misconception in the metro and in the metro and does not want to travel in it. Listen to the story of the boy who [ __ ] in Gurgaon. Why doesn't the girl who [ __ ] want to travel? In the corporate, that boy wears those clothes.  Look at what they wear, they don't want to travel in public transport, what is your something and power racing, you people and what is dressing? Vote for the kind of clothes she should wear. You tell me how much she will travel. The one who is going to do less will go.  Otherwise, she will go by Uber Ola. You should understand her carefully. I am talking about the one who is traveling to Gurgaon, I am talking about the one who is coming from Delhi, that is the life of the people coming from Delhi.  I am in trouble, I am not accepting that you live in Delhi, commuting to Gurgaon is a trouble for you and that trouble itself is increasing the real estate price of Gurgaon because when 3 hours of your life become 100, then only you are affected.  I read the words back to my mother saying, sell your dirty builder floor, I don't like it, we will stay there, we will buy that one. Even today, by selling one builder floor in Delhi, we can buy two very good flats or two in Gurgaon.  Do you know that floors can be taken or one and a half floors can be given? Even today, if there is a chance, it is from Delhi, so I am not at all convinced. If the people of Delhi are in the comment section of Gurgaon, then this thing is completely justified, but you  It has to be seen that the culture of Gurgaon is coming like on Dwarka Expressway, the concept of residence is walk to office, if it is the concept of walk to office, then worst will come, worst to Uber office will become easy now.  You didn't walk, I took it, I didn't come within 5 minutes, I don't walk, but the Uber one is successful because where I took the metro, the girl got support who lives inside Gurgaon and we made it a metro.  After getting down from the metro, when she has to go somewhere, then she has to do something like this Uber, she will not take her for free, she will not reach where she has to go, okay, then she will take money, now how much money will she take? 20-2530 ₹40 is getting the same amount of money to him in sharing, from there also why should the government spend this 20000 crores for him because he doesn't even know that he will do the government's research, brother, the day the government comes to know about it, it will be done by 2035.  So I don't think right now 2022 is going on, by 2030 31 42 lakh population on 42 lakh electric vehicles will travel comfortably. Well, one more story which people do not know within Gurgaon, the people of Gurgaon know, but the people outside who comment are the people of Noida and Greater Noida, Delhi, people from somewhere else, who is this company, are n't you among them?  Go to Udyog Vihar, wherever IT company is, go to their office, 15-15 20-20 buses are parked there, they pick up their own vehicles like a school bus.  It is fun, that child comes to me, he is eating banana in the morning, someone has been mobileing the newspaper, these days he only picks me up from home, while the other one drops me at the office and leaves me 50-100 meters inside the house.  Like children's school bus, do you know that the school bus which picks up children, its point is 50 100 150 200 meters away, you people know that it is not away from 200 meters.  Even day old children go, it is okay, they are picked up and dropped in the same way, so why would they cough in the metro, that is, the metro goes from somewhere to somewhere and my office is 4 5 6 km away, I live in Gurgaon, I have to go by bus.  She is picking me up, why should I go in the metro, how will I go, tell me, the people of Gurgaon do not want metro, those who live inside Gurgaon, those who live inside Gurgaon do not want metro, even after giving money, the next one traveled.  There is one from that time who would not do it in the metro, those Vikrams who ride, hang on these and go back to some place, you know that you can go from one place to another for ₹ 10, nowadays it has become ₹ 20, perhaps the rate is fine in that. Go from somewhere to somewhere, bye bye, go from there, that system is there, rest GMDA has made so many buses, they are running empty, all the routes have been advertised, GMDA has made Lorise, the rate has also been reduced, it also runs in losses.  has been  Because no one is doing it and on one side it is new, on the other side the buses that are running are almost picking up door to door, the government buses are running, the buses of the world are running, sometimes you see them, the mills have become heavy.  If you go then there is no chance to stand there, that means you can never get such a chance. If anyone has ever seen a GMD bus, please send me the photo, I will tell you, brother, it must be my mistake. In the research, there is a bus standing like a Delhi bus.  In this the man would stand and go And it is heavy when packed, it remains empty, eight people sitting, walking like this, eight people, nine people, 12 people, if Gurgaon does not want brothers, then you tell me the route, tell me the route, where did the cough come from, I live in Sector 3.  I live in Gurgaon and I have to go to Cyber ​​Hub. Okay, so I want metro. Make the metro route, then I will tell you that it is better to go to the metro. Go to the wires of your Signature Tower, Maharana Pratap Chowk.  It is being built under Shitala Mata, the best buses run there, Jimde's bus runs under Shitala Mata. If you do n't know, you are taking timing from me, then you can tell me, those living in Gurgaon, where you want metro, for the people of Gurgaon, it is not being built for the people of Delhi. Brother, I know you want it but if you are not making it, then why would you buy it? Real estate also has to be taken up, Gurgaon also has to be made shining, there are jobs in Gurgaon in Delhi, the new generation of Delhi.  She works in Gurgaon and blood comes out of her eyes. Commuting is the nature of life, this is what increases the real estate. Build a cool metro for you by spending money because the statement meaning Haryana is so bavlib that it means 10-20 thousand crores.  Will spend and the people of Delhi will go to AK and thank you. Hey, the people of Delhi will come and buy property, the property in Gurgaon will increase, you will pay GST on it to the government, but you will give registration to the government, then you will give maintenance and then something else.  If you pay property tax and then live there, you will spend water there, if the maid will come from there, then the ecosystem of Gurgaon will grow, then this metro is a big thing, metro is not coming in Gurgaon, it is a great opportunity for Gurgaon people, I am proud of Gurgaon, the day it made it a day. I don't ask anything, I will end after an example. If you guys do research, see the distance from Dubai to Sharjah. Is it a city?  There are two Dubai and Sharjah in UAE. Cricket matches are also being held in Sharjah. The distance of Dubai and Sharjah is 35 to 40 kilometers away, it is just fine, you are typical Delhi is 20-25 kilometers of Gurgaon, take a little 30-35 kilometers, that is what the people of Sharjah also say.  Build it, build it, make it a matter, they don't build it because the property rates in Dubai are so high, the day a metro is built in Sharjah, the people of Dubai will feel comfortable.  If you go to Sharda and buy it, it will be the opposite, meaning if it is fine there then don't build it there. Dubai is expanding, the rates of Dubai are increasing, do research on the real estate of Dubai and Sharjah, you will understand that if you don't build it, you will not build it.  You will build only those places where you cannot be happy. Bhai Saheb, when Bahadurgarh Metro was built, the expression in Bahadurgarh has increased a lot. Do people want to know that we will live in Bahadurgarh? Now we have got first class metro and we have gone to Delhi.  If you leave Delhi then you will not only go to Gurgaon but you will not go to Bahadurgarh because if the metro is stopping you from going anywhere then Bahadurgarh also comes in Haryana. First class mathematics is made in Bahadurgarh. Go from Delhi and settle in Bahadurgarh.  No, we don't settle down, why are we not there, tell us, no, we don't enjoy it, neither do we need a joke, nor do we need a joke. If a city wants fun, the city will give it fun only when it will benefit the city. Now understand this.  Whatever I am talking about, don't paint me as a villain. He doesn't take the milk and shoot it like that. If someone listens to him, it doesn't seem logical. If it does n't seem logical, then tell me. It's a simple thing, it seems logical, doesn't it? Someone came and told me this thing, I have told it to many people, tell me which agency will tell me, tell me that this is happening on YouTube, in the newspaper, this is the plan, I am telling you, you ca n't see it, you can't see the plan clearly, when  Life, you go in the morning, right?  If you were coming from Delhi, then the punch train was coming from Delhi. There is one train from Gurgaon to Delhi. From Gurgaon to Delhi, there are empty roads throughout the morning. Look at 8, 9, 10 in the morning and those coming from Delhi are 50 and 50.  Life Clutch Brake Clutch Accelerator Brake Clutch Brake ABC This is how a hurt becomes, Thunder becomes this, This becomes such a pearl, Exercise after exercise and then while going back, the situation is the same in the evening, in reverse.  It happens that there is trouble in the evening also, then this man goes and tells everyone that this is not right in Gurgaon, this is not right deliberately, I will stay only where I can do less, then take it on rent, hello, all the arrangements are made there, 3540000 rent 10-  You are spending Rs 15000 on commuting, stay the same, buy property somewhere else, if you don't buy it there, buy it from someone else, so this idea was bad. Those to whom he wrote B. Those who understood it, write 'S'. Those who enjoyed it, write 'S'. Those who enjoyed it, write 'Imaging'. Those who enjoyed it, write 'S'. Those who understood it, write 'S'. And those who felt bad, also understood it but felt bad. It's okay.  I should also see that I know the people of Delhi will feel bad and the people of Gurgaon live in Gurgaon and do not have the knowledge of the entire geography of Gurgaon, so please tell me brother which one do you like?  Which place do you want to go from and if you want metro, I will tell you the bus route, I will tell you the rates of alternative Uber and Ola, I will tell you the shortest route, I know everything very well, thank you.