Hello friends, welcome to season 2 of Gurgaon Commercial Real Estate. There were six very good videos in season one. I will leave them in the play list again. You can see from them like Netflix and Amazon feature like web series, so bring the season again.  Aaya clear-cut, I will tell you in the beginning that I will explain it well, like IT, I will pay full attention, how much do you understand that you do one, you must write in the comment section, I want to like this video, but I want please my  It is a request that you write about this series in the comment section in which you are interested and participate, because from my side, let me tell you that I felt that how much you agree and the arguments will be discussed and I am going to make it interesting. Before that, I am telling you that my  Device Opening Sentence What is Commercial Real Estate Gurgaon Ka Tujhe Very Small and Clear Device Do Not Buy Any Commercial Real Estate in Gurgaon December 21 A Let me tell you  I am on record, it is completely commercial, neither God's shop nor business center shop, nice, your name, all history details, do not forget, neither subscribe nor on virtual space, nothing on office, of any kind, I am telling it very clearly and this series  I do n't even know how many episodes will be made, maybe 10 will become 10, it will become very clear, the rational Reserve Bank of Baroda I don't want the name of the city to get tarnished like the name of Greater Noida got tarnished.  It was said that people's money fell, infrastructure is very good but flights are not available, 38,000 Chalisa Friends Paper will come in the next 10 minutes, go round and see a good place which is good to see, infrastructure was visible but why because people's money is spent on people in the city. I will try my best to ensure that there is no sourness in this guru's village, so I will talk about my own people, I have no intention of kicking anyone's stomach. People are the effect. I would request all those people to tell the rational and welcome. There may be four chords. The first one who is listening to you is that they are stuck with commercial real estate and are getting dependent. These people will never come forward, they can come.  In the comment section, I will thank you with folded hands that we were stuck in Appu's house, I don't know how many people are stuck in the house, no movie is opened, it is okay because there is no benefit in opening it, they feel very insulted. We took such a decision in real estate because the people putting it in the commercial are not common people or poor people from anywhere, so what they have definitely falls, but if anyone has the courage to help others then I would like to. Please like.  I have another one on that, you have taken it, you are going to get a position somewhere, you have got it and you have taken it on a national gayi 9 2011 feet, 18500 feeling, you are seeing, you can be in this category, you can be on WhatsApp group.  You can buy here those with penis and coming soon coming soon, we took rental for ₹ 100 subscribe, there are some people like this, how many of you are there that you will get that much money as told and you will get this much in every month, after spreading it completely, give the first one quickly.  Can't be given now because the money had to be given for the position. If the position is soon then how many third category are there for those who want to buy. For those who want to buy, send more fourth category. We can keep this in mind and let's see.  You used to get to learn here. Fourthly, which category has been removed that you also write the number of Giri on Play Store. Now I should tell you, the month of December-January-February is starting, winters are starting, so this commercial.  There will be a lot of things in the promo and those who are anti like us will have to face a lot of opposition. Tell me the logic of it. I understand that what happened in winter is in July-August so there is no time. My last video was made in May and after that.  Imran said that if nothing happened for 5-6 months, then this happened in December, January-February, brothers, isn't it an interesting thing, what happened in winter, you understand, there were bones, there were malls, there was a lot of vacancy there, after that he got high speed retail chilli.  It's hot in Gaya high speed retail, you go out, it's okay, shops are shops but you have to crop, in the summer we go to small shops, the devil can roam here and there with pleasure, its fun is different. Isn't it, but there is no excitement in such possibilities, okay, after that, after the high-spirited house retail, now the new thing that Ara has come up with, which will be explained in a very linear and accessible manner by giving its logic, and if there is such a plot, then it has such a plot.  I will cover it alone in my upcoming episodes, I will explain the maths well to those who are trying to sell it by explaining it as residential, that there is so much plot, so many skits will be released, so many cuttings will come, I will clear it a little.  I have made it clear in the previous series also that for you to see, today I have come up with this fallacy which is said that whenever real estate is talked about in the first lesson, the rates have increased, the rates have only increased in 2016.  I had so much of it, you see what friends he did in 17 years, he took so much in 17 years, now it is good for the creations to tell that advice of flour, let's look ahead, behind a car, we should look ahead, after seeing this, after completing 5 years, if you want to get it, then this is what  Above Important Subscribe World Only To The Giver Librarian Historians Subscribe To That This Finger Part Plus To The Game Watch Dam Be Interesting To See You Can Not Come Open From Key India Sitting On 1000 In Raghavan We Have Made This Mixture Run Rate Of Six  We will make insurance from this, brother, let's do more, it may be another 180, it may be anything else.  I am telling you one thing very soon, if anyone knows that I subscribed in 28 years if this happened to you, then I am telling you a good astrologer, it is very difficult to tell, it is very easy, his is very good, he is slow.  In today's video, it is not easy to edit the slippers and even the first one is made that it is coming like this and will keep going on that after two, four after four, after six, eighth will bring such appointment live voting. Night Backhand: Many people will do this but they don't agree that it is big, I am telling this with proof. Look, it is a simple thing, there are 24 hours in a day, so 24 hours will be declared and how many times the system of right and wrong will be checked on it.  If there is a stopped clock then how much time is there in two times a day, here I am not at all arguing that it is written in ten percent, if you subscribe for more than Rs 3000 in big level plug level, if you  There is a pressure, show 30 also which have been done well. I am talking about the last 4. Will you not talk about the people in 2004? Okay, then I will change my usage. One percent, ten percent has said one thing okay, so I will leave from here.  The cut thing is that many people say that we will match our investors well, we will match the investors well, from this post Good Investment System, I am not a moral science teacher here, I am very good.  At that time, you who were very good people of real estate, who were doing everything should be done, there is a problem in it, there is a problem, I am telling you, okay, they all should understand that when you used to catch the question, they live in the society. And very good money, our ghagra information, you spend this one, it is good to buy it like this, I will get you united at this time, till the end, I will put this here and I will rotate this paste quickly.  Very good will come, do n't forget to subscribe this channel and subscribe, now I used to take the one appointed by him to listen and now what should I do because he took another person also, he was also a child, who is the third laughing person with me, when why did I do this campaign? Chedi, I have to get a contract, a commercial is bad, it hurts me, Hisar, Rohtak, the heart of the people here beats, Jind, Sonipat, Panipat, Jhajjar, the people here have to work very hard, a different kind of thing.  Time has passed, many people have got insurance money, husband's money, belt job, bill job, you understand that money, uniform service, when the woman's throat got stuck and she felt pain, then I am dissuading those who have it from taking money from the helicopter.  I have the ability to do something, please take it, and I walk holding my hair, I subscribed, I am in the middle class, you are going to get a job, there is a loan system, so this channel is for you, now there is no one in it  If he is not able to understand man to man above this level, then you should have told him that no one has played it now and surely he used to play the game of passing the parcel, exactly the same as the children play on birthdays, so when he would stop the music, he would pass the parcel.  Now if the commercial parcel is stuck with you, then the parcel of commercial got stuck for many people. After the series, the thing that the hand is telling is that it will also be worth the effort. Efforts are being made to get it down again, the party starts again. Do this and somehow this parcel was ahead of someone that would be ready to take you. Are you agreeing to these things? Please write in the comment section whether you understood Par Amazon or whether you are able to understand that this was a system or a running party.  I will come with the data, son, the data I have is my own, it is not a cut and copy paste data which can be whitewashed and shown, the third thing is a question is asked till then that no one will do any good, no one is good.  will cause all kinds of problems Brother Sadho Re Something Called Relationships Photo Amount of these investments Taking towards Harish How much is the record So its fragrance is there I have already said that risk should not be taken For the sake of record, go down toe  Let you not be so cute, you will do business for her, I will buy a commercial for her, I will trap my money, you will come to run to you, you will commit murder and go away.  Nephew, take the utensils and go ahead, take some of your clothes, take your little program of 10-20 lakhs and go ahead, it's okay, if it doesn't work, then the whole twist will stop the maintenance of mine and the empty commercial, which is ready, keep it, how much is the pain, do people know how much is the maintenance? How much money are they taking for standing idle? Nothing is going on. No, Karan Arjun will come. Karan Arjun will come. When will you come? The landscape is very uncertain. The court has made many things permanent.  The people who had gone through the seniors are still being referred for shampoo, the liquid in the world is decreasing, it is something else but whoever has gone through it, things have changed irreversibly, this is what is happening inside the mindset.  This is my opening series, I will tell you further in a minute, how angry you are on this topic, you tell me, then the fourth argument is given that it is the woman's, I say brother, I am a clear winner.  You are a fool who are creating so many problems, meaning you are telling me then why are you easily making it that we want Bigg Boss, it is not that we are takers, as long as we are takers, we will always be makers, it is a simple thing as long as the goods are disposed of.  It is possible that if some kind of money is taken, then it is not an accident, then it is being told that then only money is listed, there is no connection with it, what will happen next, I will tell this thing in the next videos and fifth, I will finish with my home logic.  Are If you scuttle this argument, can you make any logic then please do most welcome. This is the complete five things that happened on the video. Comment welcome. I am requesting you to shower the comments only then you people have appointed someone and I have not. I want 200 300 400 comments, how to put it, I do n't have that much right, we are the ones who bring money, so please subscribe because there is a difference between the company and the mind. Strategic location was always their bread and butter. Retail 's participation in commercial should not be there. If you want too much participation or arrest someone and explain real estate investment to you. If you want that, then why should you do this in one of your  I have crores of rupees to invest in the commercial. Subscribe to the commercial. I want to know that I want to know that I will lock the room, this is my shop, this is my comment, doubt, advice.  It is clear, do not take anything commercial, resort is not in favor, how did you like the video, please comment, turn to less, much more, to less, you will get complete details, you will get rational answer, no answer will be given, if you want to give arguments, then write in the comment section. Request is to share with maximum people I want to enter in Haryana Haryana Mahendragarh Rewari Jhajjar Rohtak Bhiwani Hisar Sirsa Fatehabad Kaithal Ultimate appeal  It may be very good to understand but commercial story right no witch can be avoided by retail investors.