Hello friends, today's topic is rainy season frog and the virtuous, this district, again don't say it was not told, again don't say it was not told, many people are going to get stuck in the wrong place, many questions come, individual answers are sensible and for those who don't want to watch the video till the end.  What should be done is that first of all, don't take the builder's first project. If you take him in his first project then why should you people subscribe because he has a turban, he has incentives, Jhala Jhala, they come to you every day, check someone's someone's I don't know anything about this land, now there is no new person, so he is deep that brother, I will make something of this, if this land has been bought and something goes wrong with it, then when these things are made tomorrow.  If you go and your money goes away, then Raita will not spread. Elections will come in 2 years. Do you know what happens in those times which we do not know? Have you found such a doctor there? Do you go to visit, do you have surgery, then you go and find such a doctor.  will fry which  She must be the first one to undergo this unique operation. I want to know such a doctor who till date has no such policies. I wanted to be the first one to do this, or was it unknowingly, I did not realize that I have become one? All the people who do the first operation are the ones who are messed up, but it does n't happen.  You still don't want to go, won't you understand Time If you still don't want to go, then let him come Let him with the best month Sharif guy The best letter Improve his credentials because of our saying  Investment Chat start etc in Germany Reach Real State of White If you get stuck then it is not necessary Chapter You ride a bicycle Investment journey of life Okay you will go far if you fall in a pit These bones are not broken The tire of the bicycle is punctured  It happened and your bicycle is fine. It is okay for the motorcyclist to go faster. But if the action is taken too fast, it will be counterproductive in the investment journey. Then you should do this. Firstly, you can avoid these things, you can also see that I know this builder, you will tell that the builders you know have also done many things, there is also a sign of him nearby in 2012, the one who had created the mess was the real estate guy who entered the telecom and  Do you know at that time 2G 3G and what was that system, that too is a red flag, IPL team takes announcement in unrelated sector, my ears perk up, I am telling this according to the stock market, ok that bill  If your 19 business is going on, then I am fielding some money from Harold, go there and talk about money, then I am telling that as an example, but in real estate, I am telling you what North Indian Markets has done. No, the lights have been done and my job is to come again and again and tell you people brand brand brand. Now people will say that you are a brand. Hey brother, yours is yours, how much do you get in Domino's Pizza and Pizza Hut. How much do you get for pizza and the normal one? So friends, the normal one is Rs 70800, so the value of the brand is there in everything, take a phone, take clothes, take shoes, take a car. If you have courage in everything, you will get it in real estate also. How will that look to you? It will be cheap in time, it will be cheap in time, it will be expensive once, now you will go to the brand, there are many people, now like you, I tell them in a simple way, you go to any normal shop to buy a cooler. So if the top brand garland of symphony's symphony's quiz that it is nothing that branded is a mission, its margins, all the frills will be less, one brother, take this, it is useless, so this one has everything, tell the man, this is  If not, then we have to talk, if not, then there is a mark, is it domestic orientation, subscribe, time goes, a toy is fine for children and in that, the name of the child is ₹ 4000 till the age of 12 years, but in that  You can add ₹ 4000 more in the subscription, there is no chemical, it is very soft, it is very good, the problem is that in your hospital in China for 400 rupees, if you know this effect of the subject, then what do you think, the children of some time are getting subscribed.  It is happening on a daily basis in school, it was cut in half like this, even under the tree, it is okay by taking twenty fifty rupees and if you have a lot of them, then this is once for a season of 10 minutes, one of all these things.  If not the value, then tell me friend, here, in one cutting, more hair will be spent than the amount of hair I cut in the whole year. Are they not filled? Are they not all green? Are people not traveling by plane? Will people say that by train?  I will talk to you for two days. When you reach the plane in 2 hours, then take over time to the booking center at Aunty. Saying in his real estate, something will come in which the price of the brand in a city is dependent on the brand, like which is my top brand.  Research  Coming out of 3235 persons, the premium commands, if the brand is a little less then twenty five percent match is telling the price of the brand, while China is telling the price of ₹ 100 or someone's 125 130, that will be considered equal and tomorrow when more people will want to stay out of the brand.  I must have been his relatives, I want more interviews, there would be more of them here, so if you took this cheaply, he will always be your father, it is another thing when you bought the brand, then tomorrow he has incentive.  The builder has to do his maintenance work so that he does not get defamed, so the player you are seeing in the list is Rs 50 thousand, his company is also a lakh crore company, it was lakh crore, 60 thousand crore, 40,000, Roorkee, 10,000 crore, 5,000 crore.  Even if you assume that those companies are going to disappear, they are big established businesses, their work is that we will remain here, they will be list players, so they will take very good care of their product because as care is taken.  Will be kept there and there will be retention in the market, the person who has become bank corrupt, there are many such names, now real estate consultant, I have my own course in all these things, I will teach you by stitching them together, class will be held on the day around 12 o'clock, mostly accepted everywhere.  A related post You can join by taking platinum membership, you can really see many things in it, stocks, astrology and many other different opportunities which come, so if you  If you have taken platinum membership then you can enjoy on the famous platinum number six. If you want to learn according to the studies at dimple level because here I cannot make one hour video like a teacher, I just have to warn people that brother. This thing is happening, please do not leave without staying because those builders have not returned the dues of the government, they cannot get that Ram, they are forced to pay Rs. 50 lakhs.  You are withdrawing thousands of rupees or anything at throwaway rates and giving them nothing. You know, this is all a scam and the government does not know what is happening. Who will tell? When it bursts tomorrow, who will be defamed in Gurgaon?  It has something to do with the name of my new Gurgaon. If I don't have this in Gurgaon then you people will be very happy. Will you not come there and whoever has taken it and made it, come out and see brother here.  So 60 will become one after the draw, so tell me if I am a builder, I have a land parcel, I have 2018 line, kill software, I can sell 500 plots, then after living in 500 plots, send one lakh rupees to the yard.  I can do it as if I am saying it as if you listen to it, ask the seller to do it, if the buyers are thinking that I don't buy Bawdi boots for Rs. 60 thousand on Thursday, someone asked that while staying  Why don't you sell it? It will be sold for Rs. 2 lakhs. It will be visible in the date of Rs. 2 lakhs. Okay, if I say that those who live in Dubai are not getting plots, they are not getting top brand plots. Search for any one in the market. I am just sir.  This public is at one place, have you ever thought that there is a similar roadblock, there is an alignment, a new alignment is going at a distance of 20 minutes and 15 minutes from Rajiv Chowk, the good dreams know, there is 163 Agar above the Kashmir state. 175000 yield is being received, how can there be so much reaction, Brand A+B La Liga is lying that there is nothing here, so I am saying this again and again that like Up India next 10 when you invest next 10 to 15  Think about the year, how India is four, brother, where are the aspirations going, whether you go to teacher teacher teacher campus or you have another name like this, be it the name of the project, now you will roll, not the name of the brand.  But you can buy anything, don't you people also wear this City's Right Chowki's underpants, it is a different brand, you will get a different rate for it, wear Rupa's underpants, you will get a different rate for Khush's and these are the same which are completely local brands, now they have How is the elastic? It was good. Who cares to see it? You would have bought it for Rs. Like a class, your feet will feel like that all day. You are fine, you tell me friend, you roam around wearing boxer shorts, you message. Write on which ones, then it will appear that I am not a sponsored video, this is for teaching in the exams, I am not promoting any company or brand, I have not even taken the name, if the video is in the list then I am talking about a related brand. I have not taken the names, I am taking the names of the rest of the banks just to tell you, to teach you that brightness does not matter, it also felt like this, which brand of voice should I use in the song, this is now this is big, now it is bigger than mine, it is a little from the screen. I have taken it for some protection, but despite taking different names, I am telling you that it can be a thing of Rs 15,000 and it can also be this, and after doing it, there is no subscription, nothing happens here, I protect the pain.  Because WhatsApp is available on mobile or laptop, now by the grace of God, the eyesight is fine, it is not bad and there is no stress, so I have put it on like this, now I have put it on, so the person has come to know that thing, it is fine now.  The question is that it is 10 times as expensive as it is 10 times as dry. This is for the individual to see. Whenever the coffee bars go from Rs. 500 to Rs. 600, it is very expensive and at some places, the entire taste has to be spent in the office, that means.  Sitting with him, how is he feeling about you? Is it price day in coffee? Which relative of yours is coming to meet you tomorrow? What is he thinking about you? Is it price day in this project? Price in that brand.  If there is a day then these are intelligible things, these pimples will be formed in the market, who will teach us like me and what is the point of teaching from people to people, what are these things that I am telling or do you all feel it already, just tell me, connect the dots, the dots are engaged.  How to do this, brother, this thing does make a difference, the quality of the cloth, there is an account inside the bedsheet, friends, that thing gets erased in 300 to 500, it is very good. How fast do they put one centimeter of juice in it? It is disgusting, is n't it considered good? Now it has a cut in it, you will know that if they use their brains, if they want to put it from under those people, then it will mold because for 2 inches, which is  If there is 56 unity on the basis of 5 6 7 8 inches, then it has been reduced to five, here it has been reduced to 5 inches, here and below it there is a depression, so this is mine, then I do not need 8 pinches, do I need 89 pinches? Ghee, if you want to press it well, now all that twist will not be there, you see the examples again and again, you are continuous, you drive in the point that how in Brian Adams, you will do much better in the coming time, cities will get blue chip stock, then you will be the one who made the bedsheet.  The cheap one for students was bought for Rs. 500 as if the cheap Malik thought that it was a very good bargain by discounting the prescriptions and he discovered that his daughter was a stranger. Can't just take the bedsheet and one of them also saw the credit card. Look at its full size. There are vegetables and it will be 9981. If you do the math then what a difference it will make. An increase of 3200 feet means sixty five percent are getting more goods. You are getting more goods. Do calculations like this also. If I am teaching you in calculations in real estate, then sister, I am the number one status because I am not the only one and I am exactly like this.  I am teaching you and you have not understood this thing in any school, college or institution. I will continue to tell you the way I will tell you. So, if you want to join Real Estate Cospi, then you must have understood that we have to fall into the pit because I am just a brother. Don't take this much of the budget, of course, the budget is mine, this is a poor budget, it is all wasted, then your money is worth 40-50 lakhs. Someone sold you a fake plot according to this budget, which is not yours.  If the boat to be owned is legal energy, then you have lost all the money, how can you do such a stupid thing, why don't you take shot 64 Jogni, brother, we will get it together, let's meet two brothers here, at least something will be fine.  To share later, to eat the rent, to share the appreciation, one brother will stay, the other will live on rent and share, take some things, take the right thing, then such people, trees, whatever you can get, because the thing taken in the air is yours because it is your fifty.  Sixty lakhs of someone drowns, someone's 20 lakhs, even ₹ 1000000 is less. Once someone drowns, his confidence in life goes away lifelong, then you are declared the most foolish person in the entire relationship and this is what happens in the state.  When you take money in toss, no one knows in demat, when was it taken, how much was taken, how much one became restless because it is not known, even the wife does not know, quietly taking her last quietly.  You sit like this, you cannot hide the real estate, you will know the real estate, if you ask 14 people on any of their opposing addresses, then I have to join AIIMS to do this, don't get trapped in the wrong place. Will attract and you will laugh because when these people in the market think that now the market is booming, many people are not able to eat very little food, then they will get attracted towards them and will get trapped and then they will stay and  Then that cycle will start again, there will be pick out, then all those things go on like this in life, you know if you do the history of 30-40 years before then this is what is going on, when you are trapped in it, then why are you trapped brother, when you can buy good things in this cycle. So okay, this is the message, I hope it got a little long for you guys, but this is the kind of length you want, so I'll drive home that by taking different examples and making this video mashup in 5 minutes.  He could have said this and he will not come left in 5 minutes, that once Chanakya enters a house or a person is going out to the north, then even if you don't tell him just do n't take left, don't message him, he can tell that thing in 4 minutes too.  It's 3 minutes and it takes 10, 15 minutes because we want to drive home the point from different examples, so if you like these types of videos, there are a lot of things that I wanted to drive home that people would learn once.  This is not at all a waste of your time, you have to share it with everyone who is roaming around with a packet of 5 10 15 20 30 40 lakhs. People cannot buy 50 60 70 80 lakhs per year. Brother, that is your 10 15 year old settings, Sony. Because you can earn so many rupees, there was no more than 40 left, hence it goes in the text, after one slide, you get 70 out of 70.  If you eat or drink 30-40 rupees, if you want to save ₹ 3, then you calculate it, then it's okay, the money is there to keep, no one has it. Been very careful about this, thank you.