That Hello friends, the topic is Gurgaon Real Estate, I want to tell you a few things, there are many types of products available in different price points, like once we had increased from TV channels, we could not understand which channel to watch which is Netflix.  But ghostly web series are coming in different types and there is no understanding in it, so whenever the customer is spoiled for choices, it feels good as if you have also put forward the above system where 25 more dishes can be placed 250  25 Can't eat, even in every meal, I feel scared that I may miss some good food because I have only so much stomach, if I do four tests, then my stomach is full, then whatever test comes, you have to live with it, so my work in this is to come and tell you.  To help and tell, in this I want to tell you one thing that there was a contact, golf course extension of average price, average price is Dwarka Expressway Road, average price is the address of that place, Sanskrit of above average price has ended and has come to the side.  The product has such that if I cover AC-2 AC-3 and Sleeper class Jaisalmer, then the work of Versus will not work in it because it is an average price because the average price I am now going to tell for Dwarka Expressway is 1770 1800 fitted 3BHK from 90 lakhs.  I get one product, it is new, it is going to be ready in four months and it is of light, it is not there but it is open, the location is fine, the size looks very good, so there is a key here.  The situation is getting worse because the one which is my one branded Blair is fine, if you drink flight 10500000 of 1212 soft, then at one place, the difference of location is less than 90 lakhs of 18 soft, if not even of one kilometer, then for the customer.  It has become very difficult, I am accepting this, now you have to see it ideologically that you have to buy a car with low power and non power. You have to buy spare parts, you have to write hallmark on the jewellery, whether it is your own or non-hallmarked, it is up to you to decide because it is the customer who has to take the decision, you cannot depend on anyone to take the decision, any person can come and tell things as they are. Can tell today.the customer is wanting things in black and white that brother is just good absolutely pure flower white white cup no haze or it is absolutely bad it does not unite like this it is always shades  Off Fifty Shades of Gray Turn off Okay special planet this suits you have to decide and under that I keep doing destruction I keep answering your questions in destruction There is a very specific question there is something or the other about every project in the market Some misconceptions are spread, some of the information is correct in many cases, but the application and the results derived from it are wrong, so I will keep clearing those things for you people.  You can join this if you have not subscribed to the channel then you can subscribe. Today I would like to share a spoonful of small devotion to the people. Before that, please make a request and press the bill notification to subscribe the channel that some of my videos are such that  They go out in a day, meaning they are removed, that information is not there to give knowledge to the world, the world has a population of 140 crores in India's Delhi NCR, and I am in trouble with these sisters. Subscriber who is connected to me, I have given information to him only and when everyone knows the value of the information, then the value of the information does not remain that much. You also know that if there is any question paper, you know that you got it first.  So the benefit is that the whole of India got it, then it is not benefited, okay, then you have to understand things that in many things it is told like this, so because of these in many such videos, I make three to four videos in a month. I am definitely making it like this and will make it in the future too, so if I am talking about bill notification then if you press the bell icon on WhatsApp, then all the notifications will come. If you press like three, then whenever any of my videos will come, then you will get the notification that when it will be available soon and you can watch it.  This video may make you watch it quickly and keep your information and knowledge with you. Today I am going to tell you some good things. I will take the example of affordable housing and give the rest as well, but if I tell you this then many people will feel like this.  Seems like  That a lot of affordable housing has come or maybe a lot will come or it will become so soft, what will we do with so many flats, will we increase the rent on it, what will be the big logical question, then take it logically, but anything should always be based on data. I love someone very much, I feel that it has no meaning by doing this. You have to see that 7475 affordable housing units have come up till now, they take 80 off them. 10-12-13 more will come, out of which five or six are lined up with names, let's round them off and double them, it won't be more than that, okay if you do Vestige anyhow, if you comment on Gurgaon, then maybe 99%.  Will be limited to stomach number, I will sleep and do maths and tell you in thick comment, if it is 100 then there was some Everest of 720, 730, 750 in it.  There were 800, some big ones, 1348 also came, a little 45 10, okay, so let's assume its average too, if we take 85,000 flights, then we take 85 thousand flats, then it seems like why another 85 thousand flats are coming on May, what will happen and supply this to you. This has to be multiplied in population, one BHK is coming in affordable price, 2BHK will be given for free, four people will take more than that.  If you live alone in a 1BHK then you can't live in four. If you accept it in the calculation then multiply the answer. If 13 lakh people come then there are three lakh people and all the affordable housing will be occupied. Is the affordable housing not coming the next day? How much is it now?  Keep your eyes closed, the fourth one can also be solved, I am doing rough maths, okay, those who have come where people will live, their rates have almost doubled, about which Redmi is dirty.  Dwarka Expressway has to be built over the drain, boring two-three is fine, everyone's rates have increased and if they take a five-year contract then you can say Saif Ali and the double bluff will double in the times to come, whatever launches are happening today.  It is happening that Madhavan's will double, some of these affordable housing which are in good location, the rate will be higher than those which are on premium flight and not mine, this is my prediction, what is the prediction that those whose  The location is good and it is Madhavan Construction, the brand is good, their rates are going to be made in the coming times and the black and yellow taxis that are being made and which you can see and hear in the news also, the rate with these will be total in square feet.  So I can't say because it is a small flight, it will be a little bigger but the square feet which will be the market rate, it will be higher in the future, the deposit is also there is no car parking in the house and the swimming pool is not as big as Haldi, it is ok.  The deposit will still remain on their square feet rate because of the mind. Okay, so this one is mine, so these are three lakh people, these are three lakh people, these are three lakh people who are from Gurgaon, the words will come from Delhi.  Those who are looking for a job and are also tenants, who will not be able to buy the rate available at that time, if someone wants to rent it, then there are all kinds of things, do it in the same way as those who are now upgrading.  Because they belong to that rota that they do not get a place in very expensive societies. May be Allah has already done it. Sister-in-law, if three boys together will pay 89 rupees for 10 rupees, then they can buy 3BHK in many societies, but be alarmed.  -fi does not do this. Secondly, it also does not block the data of those who live in urban villages, including Jha etc. and those who are from the labor class and are living like this, should not live with them as well, due to which they are not in that rota.  It is better if they come from good homes but travel from there, it is okay from Palwal, I am from Mewat. Bhaiya has come from Rohtak, Hisar, Bahadurgarh, Jhajjar, Mahendragarh, Narnaul, Pataudi, meaning these people come from these areas, so when this crowd comes to this position, they will like to live here. Half of those who are listening to the video have to see that in the coming time, I will tell you things according to the time job data received and cover the project accordingly.  I will do it. If you have any need, you can address it through WhatsApp or in the comment section. Thank you very much.