Hello friends, today's topic is Gurgaon Real Estate Stock Exchange, have you taken membership, tell me which toxics to show, is it open, so that stock exchange is me, now I want to play that pocket center role like my Bombay Stock Exchange, okay. CBSE, you know, even a lion knows the price like this, similarly, what is the price in real estate, that I want to make the public aware of its destruction to the subscribers, the real-time price of this and every project. If I am monitoring Asian Paints and 35 days of typing it in Ukraine in one round of 2627 ₹100 crores, then you have to take almost all the good projects. Monitoring 35 At that time people were not able to accept my idea of ​​valuation which I call Always Be Market Up I Know When the Conviction Comes  When money comes with family, then you will go to get knowledge. Tomorrow you will get income of money, sometimes you got bonus, sometimes lottery opened, now father called and said, take it friend, ask this father-in-law of yours who has been kind to you, could it be someone like this, is your life okay?  If nothing else, you were walking comfortably. Surely you are 32 years old, your wife is 30 years old and there was a discussion about the wife and her mother. I do n't know whether Damaji is 65th or not.  No, he keeps giving his house. Yes, he has kept big friends, he parties, tightens it up and gives him a house. It is okay and there should be a house, that strange thing happened between mother and daughter, according to which the deceased will be sent to China in 5 days. Brother, where are you?  Even if you buy a house from, you never heard of it. You were not even aware of the updates. You don't know about charity. I want the meaning of Khudenu. 3BHK duplex should be very good. It should be on Dwarka Expressway. It should not be found on the golf course road.  No, why won't you get it because you have been sleeping, so right now it is a bullish market, the rates are increasing and become a witness to this rate increase, otherwise after 6 months and 8 minutes, you will get fennel. Which movie was that? In Wanted, that villain used to say that he was not fond of it.  That's the hobby, by doing this you will feel like this. What you need to do if you want to be not connected with me effectively meet you know 1981  Messages and if it's okay then I will give my number in it, you can connect for the person and do WhatsApp in that there are repeats on different days and brother, after knowing everything, you will know what it is, it turned out to be this one.  How much inventory was there, how was the review, how was the rate, I thought it was very good, you thought it was expensive, no problem, the next one will come, maybe it seems cheaper, the next one will come, the chhajju should be less buffalo than that, the next one is good, you are much bigger than that, the next one will come, conspiracy  I am wearing diamonds and pearls  If the rate is low then you can read these letters by joining the tower every day and see the trend. Open a diary about the real estate price, what do people do, what do you see in price in human compulsion, all these places which are open online, there is a lot to say in it. You don't have much space in it, people will remove one rate, if you call fatty file then you will be asked for ₹ 1 lakh, brother, 27 lakhs, such a big brother video, CIDC GSTR 4, profession charges, location charges, SMS Position Charges Electric Hey brother, you could have told me the rate at once and brother, if you had told me the rate at once then why would you call me? You were feeling that someone had called you a desperate person. When you saw the comment here, then your desire arose to call.  On the part of doing bloody riots, my time has been wasted. It's okay, it doesn't happen. I will tell you if there is such a stock market type that can tell only the rate on shoulder at one rate of this project. If there are more than 90 sheets, you only have to multiply it by super area, IT will include, you read this event, dare IDC, I will include years, also you will say that if the Dhakkar PLC is not there, then brother, reduce the money, friends. Lena, this is the ultimate, write it in your diary, you have written your dreams, now there may be less scope for 100-150-200, you cannot read more than this, this is the way you will know. Veer, subscribe because people related to this thing know that all the stairs in Mumbai are the same, so we have to spend a lot on these things and we will get the benefit of having knowledge by interesting people in our friend circle. Go to you brother, Dwarka Expressway project is also on a road. If I caught that Dwarka Expressway is a younger project than this, then your Gurgaon Gurgaon come come or catch Sushant Lok side anywhere.  It is not so much about the village, the real thing is not very much, once you have finalized and then something new is the first thing you know, you know the exact date, you also know the launch, you can talk to people about the intelligent thing that comes back.  So let's do this calibration flight that we do like this  I have explained that if everything is fine, then you will get to learn all these things, you will get to learn logic, how what I do is that I say how much does this thing cost, then how will you just bring those parameters, I will tell you a video on that too.  But you tell me on this video that will join best Gurgaon staff officer is ok then on the back of which Gurgaon stock exchange is ok GRAC that Gurgaon and this state stock exchange is ok this want to  Join List A B.Sc in the comment section I will know how many people want to do Stock Exchange Rate Rate Rent Rate Good-Bad Nuvvu Branded-Branded Launch Potato Subscribe Teller Final Disco Disco Absolutely Dab School's These people appointed that all  If you find that you have such a ghee, I have taken it and the enemy was also there for the same, keep doing TT in India, then you need one with such a mantra, don't you, one with a mantra like this  If there are people with mantras then also for knowledge, just like there is coaching industry, all the coachings are equal, everyone gives bets, then where is the advantage, that advantage is there in the market, the whole game is on that, now understand, I have templates etc. and everything.  Will be told but what is the final rate, today I will tell you the rate, record the video, after one month of that video there is no value, the cigarette has changed, now after watching the video he will say that brother, this is  Tell me the next day, this was such a rate, this video is not an inventory, this video does not make any sense, these rates, projects and inventory are just like pomegranates, this was imposed through central channel and got fat, hence the rest of the injury is evergreen education.  There are templates, there is knowledge, that is why I will keep posting the video, I will tell you etc., there is a play list of real estate education, go and see it, now what is the loading, what is the density, what is the carpet area.  All the things like a playlist of all types of porn, real estate education, all the videos in it that were relevant a year ago, even today and even after a year, those things will be elements in your cooking, recording, explaining, this is very important but something which has applicability for two days.  For today, for tomorrow or for a week, for 10 days, then that thing will be told and explained in a different way, and then after that, it has no validity and is just sugar. Inventory So please, my request to all of you is that you all will have fun for this thing, you will get to learn by joining this, you will become end-of-interesting people, children work in advanced real estate, who is going to teach you this?  I am going to teach you, I have a real estate course, I believe it is for platinum members, if you do it, it does n't cost much, if you go and check it out, you will  You will get a job worth 50 thousand rupees. If you come into real estate, you will become so aware that the terms come out of my mouth. Even if you go to an interview and say this, you will get a good job anywhere. Just wear this dress.  And there is no need to do PhD here, if you want to do construction then you have to explain it to the people. If you need a teacher to explain it to the people, then what will you explain? You will explain such things that people will think of 'what is my happiness' today? Sister of Lord of the subscribers go to the sense gallery is this meeting detail hotel meeting and come out and ask this question you would have said that you are always a subscriber of Hanuman ji and people fight back to back happiness support practice of this mudra looted completed  Veer The Person Who Won't Decide Also Known For Its Quite Time Taking And The Person Who Won't Decide What Ever Have To  Live and this period sheets question to this person in this person remaining that you have come from here by choosing, all this is the fun, this is the spices, satisfaction in this, suppress it, it is okay that the metal of both the parties is 50th, you are the only one who knows this much knowledge, find out the time.  Asking a lot of questions, the other saying that this is a lot of fun, ok, it is fun but no, I want to tell that if you just ask questions, don't impress, then you have to take logical questions baby.  I asked questions and the other one did not answer properly. If you don't get any benefit in front of happiness, then there is nothing in life by being intelligent. There is nothing in return, its result should be visible in life. So, if you travel the world with knowledge, it is worth lakhs and crores. Books have been published and such books have been published in which one does not know what knowledge is there and who is not reading them because perhaps no one actually benefits from the knowledge in those books. Knowledge is seen in isolation, so when you ask these questions, knowledge  If there is then there should be benefit from it then stay connected that dabi I will tell you I just went to you mixed a deserted and asked your questions mixed if I could not tell then how did that you this scene sound intelligent hit songs for intelligent here bring to front this no Ok MS Word you get and able to buy a good product good price so for that you have to add this thing thank you a