That Hello friends Content Habitat Sector 102 Review What is the need of review I tell him his father-in-law card First day is not completed First day is not completed About to cross the figure of 25 Last but not the least 122 applications Opening is better than blockbuster 6 K from the district  There were 1213 bosses on the first day but it will cross the figure of 25 before the end of the day What is 80 455 Singh's This is a  Discovered Project by 9 Modes, people from outside are also doing it, it has become easy to do, that ease in the sense, form is not required, if you do it with every passing of new launch, degree of difficulty is increasing, you have to submit affidavit etc. today.  You must have heard at 12-1 o'clock, yes, the content is complete, so yes, there is no problem, it is open till the fourth day, apply comfortably like you fill your income tax return.  It has its last date, now those returns are filed in two ways, either you file it yourself or you don't do it yourself. If you don't have time then you can take the service of a chartered accountant by paying fees. Similarly, the people who have to file it, see these were next.  Now everyone is saying that no, it is done, you will have to pay the school fees and you cannot afford it, you will have to pay the fees in the next two days, till the time you sit down, if you are watching the video, it is a quarter inch butt.  If you want to apply in 102 then please you can connect per floor. Don't waste time by applying in this. Even the moon has not come out. [Praise] Application. Next you have to understand that Thirteen is more, 337 is Type-2 and 307 is 2BHK to BHK. If you see the liquid, it is very good, the subscription is of 12000, many people are asking whether there is a subscription, then you have to see the chances first.  Every day the applications are equally subscribed every day, if someone subscribes, those who do not have property in Delhi, Haryana, Internet, Gurgaon and Chandigarh, those people come in the category of Priority Than, Priority for those who have your time.  Do not waste, if there is any copy in the family, especially a child above 18 years of age, if there is no star property then you can take the blame in his/her name. It is a very good project, 1 minute from Dwarka Expressway.  It is not even at a distance, that is, it is at a distance of a few hundred meters, it is at a distance of 300-400 meters, 102 sector is a very neat and clean sector, those NRI brothers who are listening outside, have to give it to them and see, they can join by applying.  You can apply in the name of your family who lives in India as per your choice and don't miss this opportunity. Subscribe this product will always be considered good.  When it was there, there was not so much frenzy, but now the frenzy is gradually increasing in this product, but the one that runs fast before the lamp gets extinguished is the only one I would call a work. It has been a year plus now, I am talking about affordable and but this.  While promoting a product, because of the management, it was an under-reported product, it was always said that there is no car parking in it, you will get car parking in it, you will give 50 lakh rupees to everyone and will also take it in Deendayal. For Udayveer withdrawal, you will see how things worth 28 lakhs are done by subscribing and while going to the room worth 22 crores 80 lakhs, their zone number is 3 and number is four, their cameras are small or equal, see in the vote for you.  2 BHK Room In This You Will Surprise To Not In Contact For 2nd Surprise Robbers Have Seen For Yourself Room 1212 144 Put I have never seen such a big room in Phatka 455 Singh, it is okay, two BHK is also good, those who want to take three can also take three, those who have queries now, there are doubts, my mother's is like this, father's is like this, he can connect.  Can I tell you one or two or three small shot points which many people are asking? You are applying in the name of Father Ahmed, there is no need to be an applicant, you can say that I want a loan.  If they don't have money then there can be any applicant for the loan. If there is no need of ownership then father Hooda has given property and priority than and motherhood priority than if you go to Indore for the gram then you can come in. You have to have some applicant for the loan.  So many people feel that if I am not an applicant for the property because you may be the priority for the moment, if I am an applicant then it has become a mess.  Priority for Rakhi to do not doubt in the second thing which you want to tell every buddy special bean known to most of the people Registry between blood relatives in Haryana is free of cost to transfer from father to Sangh name Doctor or help from father Transfer in the name of Sangh, try this transaction charges, a little oil fee will be 45 thousand, that's it, that's the gift and the same process, the money gets united.  If you don't like then this and something which you want to tell were and this is ending Festive season is starting My wonderful plants for next year Stay connected to the channel Subscribe Increase in your friend circle Like this video Comment  Say good night now when no one will tell me calm down after telling this first it's okay so I will tell you later so a little typing is okay so now no one will come if you want to ask something then ask because there are other places  If you call then they will say that it is over, it is over and it will continue till you write, subscribe whenever you feel like it, you can also subscribe quickly, if you want to get small information, it will take 30-40 subscriptions, then WhatsApp.  But you can ask us, tell me that there is no doubt in doing it, there is no need to ask more because there is so much to come and do it in the future also, I feel that there are chances of getting it done.  What is the response on the first day, now there will be a little cold response in the future because people face some difficulty in filling their accounts, people are also economical and holiday season is also coming and there is no awareness and will not promote much, will come and tell about these only.  Everything they have written will be done like the movie does not come, Dhoom 3 app runs for three days like this on Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday and if no one asks then the affordable housing policy will be that only on Friday. Asking on Saturday will be reduced, no one will ask on Sunday also, decide test but deposit, I feel like who is my friend, son, 5000 applications will come in 102, that means if you visit and subscribe four times, that will happen on the first day.  If the thing is worth two and a half thousand, then will the 11123 children and I have made this awareness video also be packed, so wo n't Rs. 5,000 go into the application?  You may have to pay more and you should not avoid it at all if you can apply for Quote 22 because if it is issued in both the names then the cost of one surrender will be around fifty thousand but this writing work fixed both of them. Keep the good one among them, both are equal, then keep the one which is in the wife's name because your shift will be saved in the registration of the woman, but this one and friends, if ever their mike will be taken away.  But you will not have to pay income tax rebate, so you can choose that option or you can increase your chances. If you buy two lottery tickets, your chances become double. If husband and wife definitely apply, it becomes double like the moon.  This is too much for one to come out, so if we breathe twenty-five percent, this is the whole picture of the application, which is the pattern I see, then in two applications, here you are likely to get 50% arm hole.  Recharge becomes double. Affordable on this topic until it ends in Excel and even after it ends, it will remain in it. Who among you was 24 thousand 301, Guruji, congratulations, you were the first one, number 24365.  If there is any before then please tell me, according to me, the first application number was 2008. According to me, before that, please write in the comment section and the latest one which was just a little while ago, then you can post it in your application.  Write the number in it that the number was yours on 26400, I had seen it, okay, then cross it sure, whoever knows the latest and as it gets updated, you will keep adding that if there are applications, then share the channel, like and comment section.  If you have any thing, you can put it here and after netting half, you can also ask here on the number given. Thank you.