Hello friends, this is going to be a very short video, it is going to be very interesting to watch till the end, there are four days left in this financial year, after the release of this video, there will be four days left on this, so I am 28 29 30 31 These four days are for doing a very secret service. I am going to tell you how to relieve cigarettes from the post of real estate agent in Gurgaon real estate. There will be small videos but those videos will be only for three four five hours and after that they will disappear if you want to watch.  If you are interested, then subscribe to the channel and press the bell notification. As soon as the video comes, you will get the notification. When some videos are shown for maximum 12 hours, hour, day, time and people decide 2 minutes time to know something interesting which you will like. Lage and who is that, you will understand that I would not like to keep it for a long time, you will answer, you will understand, yes friend, it's okay Vivo, I don't want to mean a lot, I don't want to make that viral too, this is my mission. So to reach such an oven subscribe on 31st March I need your help in that 700 more shots When this video is being made then 24 thousand 306 have been done There are only seven hundred children and like all the companies and all the people move with all the targets without any failure  So I need your help to increase it to 700 in four days. If you ca n't get ghee from me then you have to subscribe to someone in your house. Friend, even 11 if one.  If you subscribe then it will be very much but Sanso's target is that you keep monitoring whether we will be able to do 700 worlds on 31st March then for that I will start revealing a lot of things from my pet consultation because only then some of you people will also be able to do so.  I want to give motivation by watching some good videos, I will do it on my own, okay, it is okay for you to watch them comfortably and do the same in your friend circle, I have created a very big friend circle, which is a good and close friend circle. Share it in that friend circle and ask them to subscribe the channel if they like it. I will tell you the secret and will also tell you useful things like Nuhar Bhindi's property and how to get specific style of properties or Big Secret of Gurgaon Real Estate Market which  Is going very very smartly in some projects to these people very counter intuitive video then it will be of 4 5 minutes 3 minutes and will put for power hours ok  So that one, that one like this or yours, after O my Chandni Chowk, questions come, I will make a video on this too, ok, as many questions come on which, I will make one and do one thing, this video.  There is an offer that you will ask questions in this, I will make all the questions in small videos and answer them all. Whatever questions you will put, I will surprise you that I will rob everyone because very quickly.  I will reply quickly, it is a very controversial thing, so don't ask too much, but whatever useful thing you ask, it is further below this video and friends, I have to give a minimum to get you all to like this video, you will feel that this is what I am doing.  I am going to bring content in the next four days, people are forwarding it and another thing is MB in to-do list Vikas, when I did a webinar on Sunday, it was full house. Heera for quite a long time and lolo Peepalkhunt Vikas Zoom, the limitations which I have taken in the tree one also have the limitations of 500, so this will be done now, on Monday Tuesday when the recipient is in black dress but June will also get time.  So I will conduct full force, what is called complete awareness program, for three-four days, its break from 1st April, it is okay that the same things are going at the same rate and were in inventory. Lap lap lap lap lap lap, the rate is going on, so listen to us, this stock market is less than us, where will you not get to see the rate, then those of you who are not connected with me, you can write webinar on WhatsApp because I will also contact you on meat webinar.  If you are interested in a ticket to watch the movie at 3 o'clock, then you will know which movie to watch at 2 o'clock at 6:00, that way you will get to watch it, open a copy, open the notebook and check your rates inside it, otherwise how will you know later.  That What story was told because it was told that he comes to tell what the left does, in order to think that you should also do the remote, no, yes, at what time on this date, someone had told such things, people, I would have said that thing in lakhs.  That's why I say that I have some confidence, okay, based on your hard work and research, that thing will be told, how will you vote for it, as soon as I want to tell you a simple thing, you will get the rate of good properties of this number of Dwar Expressway.  It will become Rs 12000 per square feet, which are top notch properties. Now you will say that you are a prediction, Bhai Saheb has already done it, apart from that Bhai Saheb, the one that is there will also be reduced, now theirs will also be reduced, it will become 12000, it will become 13000.  And who is next line up language gurgaon ki line dapt 1516, if their doctorate is still ok then this is your and who  Deendayal is signed up, they will commit, I will speak in zoom from 1.25 1.5, its definition will be done, which was like this till now, it will be made AC-2, which was closed for me and will move towards AC-1, then the classification will remain the same but the price point.  It will increase like if you increase the rate of Swift car, then the price of Desire will automatically increase, then Rs 3000 is the new price which is a mass awareness in the next four days, take it or not, understand brother.  Sister, if you don't have the money to see and ask, then write down the layout, seed rate, how much plan, how much, write it in the diary so that after four months, if the money comes, then there will be a conviction that brother, tell me which one was for how much, how much for how much, you are telling me. Now as much as he was telling, it is now in four months because not only can one know about the affair, it is fixed everywhere, who takes back six lakh lakhs by discounting, who is giving it, when does the payment plan change, when and what about it?  all this  Because Twenty-20 match also payment plan cost 1.5 to zor cost 1.5 to payment plan khatik cost 1.5 to responsible 115 Of the four things I told you, the actual cost varies, which also warrants pintu in small classes, this quarter inch arm seems to be missing. One more formula to calculate interest and then know the compound interest formula with oneplus of 2G power in What's wrong with the problems, okay what is there in this? Kvitova said the rates will also be explained to you in a simple way. Thank you Hey A.