Loot Hello friends two things have happened which can have some effect on the real estate of Gurgaon or whether it will have any effect, we will discuss that. Firstly the time has come for 75% reservation, so earlier I was telling you in this itself when its news was coming.  There was a discussion that this is a non-happening event, even if it happens, there is no infection, so this is also not happening, try to do this job, always remain subscribed to digital media to pass space and time, it was earlier  If you use Gurgaon village property subscription then now you people have to see that if we appoint these things then in 10 months we should leave these things as they are because the people for whom we came are also not familiar  They were getting 75 percent, they should have done shopping, they would have got excited, there was nothing like that, already David had limited them to a job of ₹3000, your delete Vaishya is going to make a difference and that's it, our fight will continue in this  If the sun keeps telling its best, then this winter will end  There was this also, we had to answer the tubes, we used to discuss, there is another thing that is not read, there is not much clarity on it yet in the beginning, and it is that in the old sectors of HUDA, now some letters are circulating on the print plus floor due to some obstruction.  If people have seen it, then post it in the comment section. It originated from Panchkula. What is the thinking behind it? I want to discuss that. This is going to be very interesting. You have to listen to it. What is happening will happen. It will be interesting.  Jhal, but what happened and we have seen in this space that now mostly the vacant plots are coming in plus form and even the old ones where single storey buildings were built and people moved in but the original people were living on them in groups for many years.  They are the ones above, retention, love affair, complaining that we will face this problem, subscribe to this channel, more irritation in 2 years, some people say that if you try on me, then anytime, if your house is being made, then it is fine.  There is someone else in it who sits next to them with one floor and four subscribers so now down  If we are like this then it is a cause of irritation, the government has come to know about it, I don't even know what Lal's take is on this, but the thinking is that the original people who used to live here, they used to give coriander to the girl and that was the system at that time.  When he brought a job from that, Hooda asked a question about openness and those who considered themselves rich, wanted to live in this rich place, so this is the power, I have been telling this in my videos for the last one and a half years that the aspirational class has already left.  They know that now no one will get a rich feeling by living here, you also did not want to go because today the income of the people has become such that those who are 65-70 years old and have been living in that area for 20 years, they think that  We were thinking that we would remain the same way, now it is not the same, we are seeing more crowd and noise, the last house is being built, after being demolished the last one is being built, now the next one is being built and more cars are also coming to the showroom  More people are coming, more people are coming  So these are the ones who cannot stop this now, this side government is right, it is directed by this that these are the sources of Deendayal or the well known builder list players who are making their closes, I am not talking about these which are being built in HUDA sectors  And the famous players who make the list or are coming to Deendayal will get more disconfirmation because now people will hesitate to buy this builder floor because there are new shoes to be built on it and there are other issues too, so we have to think about this in this  That now, should we buy this builder's floor or not, where the research is done, the person next to it is complaining, sometimes the person on this side is complaining, someone has made a thread, someone has made it on top, someone has made it on the wall  If we have done something then we have to stay within it. Look at the true direction that is visible. Who wants what. Who has benefited and lost from whom. We will always keep a count of this. But you should now see the pattern of what is happening.  What kind of letters are coming out and what will be their application? Do post in the comment section.  People what do you think, where is the trend going that 10 a girl has four walls or some famous player has set up an area of ​​his own and he is gifting her for five days and giving her tips at the club Hisar  The system will become more in the coming time, there will be more expressions here, all are made the same, there is no distinction, everyone's fast looks the same, there is an openness in appearance, there is some discipline, it is required only on the day of internet security Because Indians have to hand over something only then they give, as far as it is possible, Devi always wants that the work should be done without giving but attention has to be given that once the minimum maintenance is done regarding cleanliness and security, so you people  Do write in the comment section what you have to say about these two things. Thank you.