Hello friends, the month of December is about to start, I have brought five updates and trends, I will also discuss it on the commercial of Good for Real Estate Market, something positive is going to come on Dwarka Express too, I will tell you about it, so this update will be in parts.  Stay connected to the inch, the first train is affordable housing, now people are using gifting type, which was already my campaign that getting married in the name of children by spending less money in marriages is the new trend that the marriage has not taken place yet. Boys and girls apply for it and take it, after that after marriage, you can take only one, then parents are saving money, not spending it on marriage and one more ₹ 2500000. Subscribe if you turn on Bigg on Thursday.  Boss specific target is to save 25-26 lakh rupees and if you give start to the same child then he is a friend. First and second you must have noticed and I will tell you that builder floors were being sold.  There used to be a lot of subscriptions in HUDA sectors and on YouTube, different channels were subscribed, now it has become very less, this degree has gone down, because of that you have to Google the latest department, that was a lot of school in the last one and a half years.  These were legal now flat, you will notice that in the last 20 days now the department has kept an eye on the illegal things being done in the school and it has come to light that if anyone is making extra, it leads to cross complaint and  Some neighbor because he is an Indian neighbor, you have built one and a half or two floors and are living peacefully. The builder next to you is making the floor leak. You are getting worried anyway. It is surrounded by some kind of cement. You were getting worried when  Then you notice that there is too much made, so you don't have to do anything, you have to complain about it, then when you complain, the department will have to listen, then the market has become quite perfect due to this, I am telling the latest trend, how many people would agree on this. How many people have seen this and felt this? Please write in the comment section because that thing will be sold to you somehow once and then if you go to sell it in the upcoming market, it will be difficult to sell because whatever is made on its paper.  This has happened and there is still a moment left, there will be a lot of problems in it, so this is a new thing and this was earlier normally people used to do construction, there was not much noise, so this is the latest third one, I tell you that now the market is in this sting operation.  Tweets Deendayalpur because they are being marketed, only then something is cooled, only then something is heated, if you also understand, now this Yoga of Deendayal is starting, so the floors you are getting in Deendayal are your normal late. These will be available at 50% rate of the floor available on the plot of 260 yards at Hooda's Extractor. The size of the actual plot will be Rs. 140, so you can buy a pair here. At that rate at which you are getting pure floor and in pairs you will have 3BHK, 3BHK, six BHK and two basements and they will be completely clean units. Is there any conflict among them whether it is overbuilt or underbuilt because in all these colonies there are builder floors.  The USP of this was only that their cameras looked very cute because they went more than you, if you do as much health as you do then their messengers do not come out then this is a big trend change in the market and this is when  Clarity Giver, I have to come and tell you all about this thing, no one knew that this was happening in this, as if I was getting so absorbed in this and bringing this up first and telling you, there are many inferences that the war subscribe size is small, that is on rent. Even in climbing, the ticket size becomes small, so I will tell people in this is the third form, I am coming with a commercial, now I have made a market of 6 videos, it had a lot of impact, it saved many people.  There are very good comments which were in Inheritance Money, I have covered every type of commercial in it, every logic has been covered in it and it came to me 5-6 months ago. These are very appreciative of yours. No one has even bothered with the commercial in the last five months.  Curry did n't even get crushed in the Gurgaon market, that market was quite shaken by it and after that now it will start sucking a bit again. Bigg Boss forgets everything. Indian, things have got worse in the last five-six months.  There is no improvement in the commercial, BDS is decreasing, then the threat of third front, all this danger, but in practice, I am going to tell you, listen carefully, in the commercial, the other day fuel popular Mansi is lying vacant in the mall and you have separated it by drawing attention to these.  People said that high speed details hide details has flopped because it used to have maintenance, then after that they will buy specially affordable housing at the society shop, there too one K affordable housing.  180 183 shops were removed and that too by someone else at such high rates. I made a match on it that brother, if we open a shop above 10 class, what will be its sales, what will be the gas calculations, you have to go and see my commercial series. You will find 6 videos on real estate in my play list. Watch them. Now even that thing is not working. Okay, then the system of office page is also not working because then Deen Dayal is selling the basement also. How much office will you sell by doing office to office, okay, work from home commuting was going on, at that time the office was going on, you have to see that the builder, whatever is good commercial, the builder does not send it, he puts it on DLF that I am this  Separately, if you want to make a video on this, I will give it one more time on specific commercial in quality, because new people have started coming again, the old ones are completely clear whether they live in villages or Delhiites and then only drag.  Got the money, he wants to put it in Gurgaon commercial, Dona wants to then name the village, don't name the city as a city. If your Bombay Stock Exchange is doing very well and you buy inferior shares, then there is a problem with the Bombay Stock Exchange.  No, you have bought a wrong house from the company, then you should know about it. Do not take anything commercial, people will say that there is negativity on it, it is whatever you have to ask the commercial business, just one thing, whatever call you get.  Where is your office? It's just a simple thing. Where is your office? 99% of the time its office is in the basement. If people who operate from the basement of a house are sending you commercials, ask them why don't you go and sit on the commercial.  They are not letting anyone down, they should operate from the basement because of their unnecessary overheads. Even though you are big, you have to keep four computers in the middle and make 15 calls. That should be kept to 20 minutes only. That's right.  Juice the place but you are telling Pistorius to others because now whatever startup culture will come in India and inside Gurgaon, it will be your Deendayal type, I will make a separate video on that, how will the concept work, four offices below, 12 rooms above, one lakh rupees.  Rs fare in full, one cup of four floors Rs.25000, included in the country, set up these 12 employees, settled in your office, settled in Nobel price, the cook left. Left the broom and mop and they do n't go anywhere to their office, they don't come and go anywhere. If you look at the time then these were the friends, I will tell you about the beginning and the fifth one which I will tell you is Friday Dwarka Expressway, after many years the last hero Holmes on Dwarka Expressway. And Shapoorji was Shapoorji aur Hero, nothing came after that, after November-December 2018, this new product did not come, the same goods were sold, subscribe from episode 900. 1000 Subscribers Now there will be big marketing, it will be very good if there is a big noise, it will be very good, Delhi means Delhi, this is ₹ 2000, so hold your heart, who is he, okay, who was the one who opened Dwarka Expressway a few days ago.  Six months ago, rs.6000 as per 5,000 average rate, this favorite brother came and I had made a video of the rest also, after 3 months till next Diwali, he has become soft.  And if I try to quit watching the four accused channels then the project will go, but I am going to tell you all the products that will come now, they will become tight, they will become expensive, then all the tantrums are there that this is small, this is expensive.  Now the time has come where whatever I understand, I have told you that this is good, that soon is good, that is bad, there comes a wave of the nation when that train ticket goes, now this is yours. i sixth train bonus friends if you now  The bonus stand is connected to this, the bad projects are also coming alive, just as much as us, whose name is Coriander, whose goods are also being sold, here also people are going to see what was dead in the market boom.  There are projects too, whether the builder's interest comes or someone else's interest comes according to it, it comes from the old investors like Earth Rupee was a project for school project but no, it was the President who approached a builder and gave them the permission to do so. Now he is building it by approaching whatever settlement was done through NCERT, so he is building it because no one will place him on the front, he is building it on the front because by building it, he will save four paise, but tell me, it will also be saved when his  The goods will be sold in part. Any extra price which is there can now be utilized, so it reflects the market boom that when your dead projects, buried projects, unheard projects, yes, no one was asking.  If customers start standing there too, that too starts selling, if someone comes to make it, if someone comes to sell it, if someone comes to revive it, then the good brands and clean projects will definitely be sold and this supply of yours will be taken care of by Vikas Care.  Which has been erased just now, the ban imposed by NGT, the environmental pollution and other tests, the rates will increase but will not decrease because whatever is your supply chain, the supply is  She should be able to shake as much as she wants, she is getting late, so it is not like Maggi, that mummy got hungry, made real estate in 2 minutes and gave it to someone, if she felt like it today, the flat is ready, the builder will make it, the date will go even then, Deendayal  Flourish New Solution for Every Buddy All these big projects are being completed in the last two years, now Shapoorji is being built on such a good surface that that letter will not work for a day.  Have you ever stopped studying? This GT guy is not on time, he is not late even after so many hotels after all this has been deleted, but still look at how much time he is taking and till the time his last flight gets delivered and till the time he reaches the plants, he is not late.  If you note please go to 270 then the best build 10 to give few can understand how much time it takes to deliver that kind of project, hence builders will now bring only this Deendayal floor because  The land parcel gets monetized very quickly in 2 years. You make four temples hard and strong and also have safety features in it. And what I have added is that if the shop is open then it can sell only Rs 50 on the first page and will sell only Rs 50 only.  Only when he makes 50 and delivers them and gets the occupation certificate, he can sell them to others. So, I have put this much Shetty Natwar. How did you like this update and I am clear in it.  On which sub-topics would you like me to make a clear next video, please tell me which points do you agree with and how much do you agree with them. I want in the comment section to request you to tell me if you learned anything new and found a trend. According to End Time is No Thank You