Hello friends, this is an awareness video on Good for Real Estate. Many people are coming to buy property in Gurgaon, they are getting confused about the location, sometimes here and there. My officer is where is the child's school, he will be here.  I want to take porn, this is mine, so today I am going to tell you that whatever under construction property will be built in these two-three years, after doing Rajiv Chowk, you know the place is in Gurgaon, let's accept that lie and we will go to the village.  The ticket is from Rajeev Chowk, depending on whatever development is happening in the coming 3 years, it will be completed. The distance will be anywhere in the 2ND year village. The distance will not be more than 20 to 25 minutes. The period of Kherki Daula will be completed or that connection will be done only. If her husband were to go to Sona Side, 15-20 minutes to Golf Course Road, 15-20 minutes to Dwarka Expressway, 15-20 minutes to Point.  If you have to go from one place to another place in Gurgaon, it is 15 minutes to 20 minutes from Rajiv Chowk which is the heart and from other places also you can know, then it will not take more than 25 minutes to go from one question to another portion of Gurgaon. Now in this, the child will have to go. If there is a place in the school then it was yours and maybe it was yours and maybe it was your wife's and maybe it was the office and the office may only change. Tomorrow if the office people get less fare on Dwarka Expressway then they will have to get up.  How much time does it take? Earlier, this area had rents from all the offices. Very big people moved to Sona Road. Rents were less in Sona Road. The office office which is in Gurgaon has no manufacturing facilities like table, chair and so on.  Wherever he lives, if he has to go to another office, there will be a table and chair also, so he can take his bag and go overnight. There is nothing else that cannot be changed in the office, so on the basis of the office, it is on the basis of the child's school. But there is a lot of good property left  Does it subjective? It looks fine. It is fine in the budget. The builder is fine. The layer is fine. The payment plan is fine. My child's school is also everywhere. The child's school is everywhere. Dare I WhatsApp personally feels. The child should not travel too much.  win32 It should be half kilometer but any part of Gurgaon you have very good schools within three to four five kilometers pet Delhi if I take a disgusting name then subscribe comfortably  Hospitals will be spread everywhere subscribe like the video because 25 minutes from traveling from one place to another which system will have its own system you have to go to watch this movie that you will have to go if it was like this then only and the whole world  It is very good but the system is like that of Delhi, for that you have to call it like Greater Kailash, well, Punjabi Bagh and Karol Bagh were there, Mukherjee Nagar has its own story, so since we considered Delhi as big, it is okay and Delhi  We are in isolation now I see whether it is Paschim Vihar or yours is Patparganj, everyone has their own eco system, similarly in Gurgaon you have some systems, but Dwarka Expressway has its own eco system, Dwarka Expressway has its own eco system, Old Gurgaon has its own eco system, Golf.  The course has its own eco system. DLF Phase-1 Festival Aaj Sub Area Sushant Lok One has its own eco system. Golf Course Extension Road has its own eco system. Sona Road has its own eco system and Sona  Itself because that connectivity is just coming there, I would like to make a separate video as to what is happening there, it has its own eco system and whatever names you name it, and New Gurgaon has its own eco system, whatever names I name it, all these.  The whole heart of Gurgaon is a good government, Mini Secretariat is there, the court is safe for children, school Rajiv Chowk is at a distance of 20 minutes from there, but many children are still under construction of Broad Bridge.  Those who go from above, from below, if the interpass is left from this side, then the distance from there may take you 30-35 minutes today, but what am I saying, in the next two to three years everything will be 20-  minute If you feel more than this, then you can write in the comment section or not, from here Rajesh will be positive for 5 minutes, minute is fine and the kind of lights that are being installed, smart lights are being installed, so they will immediately.  The time you spend on signals will also keep on decreasing and the more underpasses, silver passes and this better system of traffic is happening, then the time to stop it will also become your job. Improve and set up these forward thinking happenings. Okay, you have to go there.  If you want to check by measuring the distance and height, then it is not such a big consideration. Consider the batter builder which is good in your budget, the honey builder is good, the product is good, it is very good for you, so if all those things are mandatory, give more gravity to you.  For not giving priority, my wife's flowers are here, so now I am here just like this, take it on rent, take it on rent, hello thing, buy it well, what are the people doing, buying things and their considerations are this and four-five. In the year Devendra said that this is like a construction, there was no need, all this is only because the SIM is being installed, so other inputs please like and share the video. Thank you Hey A