Hello friends, I have brought three property market predictions and there will be three best takeaways on those predictions, so it will be interesting to stay connected till the end and these predictions are not for 245 years but for 2 months so that if you people can judge that immediately then it is normal.  There are similar predictions in astrology but this one is related to property, so the first prediction is after Diwali good number.  Pilgrims from all sides, all the indicators of the economy, GST collection of GDP will start coming up, a feelgood factor will come, you will get to hear a lot of good news, so till now I will tell you only about this, what is its effect, to take away what you have to do.  I will tell further that there will be a feelgood factor in your life, good news will come, this is being made here, this is being made, this is going to happen, that is going to happen, so I will definitely tell the news. You have to doubt that the news is true but now you will start getting this peeling in the next 10-15 days. Another thing is that the virus is moving from the market to the salary market. Those who are going to sell are builders, the leverage is now going towards them. Sister, come see the suit.  And look, it does n't cost money to watch, this system which was there by property for many years to the point where coffee was given, respect was shown, explanations were given for hours, that system will end.  It has already started, those of you who are feeling can write, rest whatever I am telling, we have started this day-long show starting from the moment within 2-3 months, many people are saying in it that  We are not being explained to them. Recently, there was an allotment of very famous builders in Gurgaon market. When I went there for the selection, the builder there did not take much time to explain and told them, brother, you are 15 to 20.  The counters are open and live allotment is taking place, so you say, I want this, the most first floor is gone, so that brother has taken it, someone else has taken it, then the action is coming, and whatever goods are available will be sold next. He is sitting peacefully with the charitable workers, you tell me, I don't understand, please move away, the next person in line, virus is never even news today, and crying over this will not help because you have to see it as if a child is not studying for the paper.  It is an exam of life, always be prepared, in that exam of life, real estate is a thing of huge value, there are things worth crores of rupees, there are things worth 1.5 crores and what is the salary, 70 thousand lakh lakh 2 lakhs, your dead is 2 months old.  If you are coming home with more than your savings, then if you think that to earn that salary, it will take 18 years of your studies to reach one and a half or two and a half years. This is such a big expense, decision-making has to be done among themselves and that day will be reached and you will be able to do that. This channel is most of the videos and report preparing and disappeared and they can welcome capable of taking friends this videos and like that I  Golden Question Vendor Valuation On one hand the project volume is less and on the other hand that is also made in their links. People must take out time and watch it in this video which is not going to be understood now.  You understand, you take it, you don't take it, looking back, you will see 50 people standing, but because this time, after many years, there was a time like this, 18 years ago, 15-16 years between 2004 to 2007, when the hour-  The prizes used to change here and there within two hours. I don't know how many of you have felt it. I am not at all saying that such a time is coming but that kind of twenty-five percent type.  Something witch is coming normal customer this note use to vote definitely your third prediction is coming after 15th November many people will come back to big cities they had left this Diwali will now happen this week after that take 10 more days People will start coming and hence the rent forms will start forming. You will see that there will be a rise in the rents in December and January. You people who are living on rent will also feel in two-three months that this is broken.  There were falling rents and the great fun that was being had while living there will gradually reduce the fun, so that it will increase a lot but you will release that small things with yards on the floor and drink this praise again.  Here is a lot of crying, the filling will start from the bottom, the filling will start from the bottom and this market is going to give a solid base again, this is you will see my tab, I had made one more addition to this three-four months ago.  Many people must have seen the voice recording prices on Dwarka Expressway, how I printed the price for the next Diwali four months ago. In that video, I had clearly told that this is the price and this price was given for the Diwali of November 2022. So the total period I had taken was about 17-18 months, I had given the target in that, today I want to tell you that in four months  50% of the price has been recovered within that, the majority of the journey in the next 3 months is 50% of that has been discovered and the trends that are visible are bullish. According to me, most of the journey is the new ones that will hit in the next 3 months. All the projects will be launched there in the month of December and they will beat them at the rate given by me, that rate is so high and this prediction which was made for 17-18 months is that prediction.  Is not happening in these six Minimum Support Price under this Another thing no I will take away all the audience The first takeaway is that you are coming to this very much Mother of all LIC will come back so the base has to be made for that Now it was very line  It is up, anywhere the market will not be allowed to fall so low otherwise you will definitely not do it but you have to see if you can make a profit of ₹ 5000 on 24.  Your life changes due to profit, where SIM does not seem to be as per 728, SIM is not tasty, likes and shares are not found, life does not change below that, fifty Varanasi daily, 1 lakh, the children play this on Diwali, you go to this fair and play ₹  It is the feeling of getting Rs 500 out of Rs 100 or a tambola ticket, just a little bit it becomes 108 but there is no change in life, then converting Rs 50,000 into Rs 1 lakh.  Stop Running Behind Think About Putting A Crore And Making It 1.11 Point To That's The Match Okay And Mrs Power Of Liver Where You Have To Pay Money Plant Which Is Very Lucrative 10000 Subscribe It's first understanding the rate and understanding this mark  It is not very easy and simple to get ready to move into this property 1.2 Whose Property In subscription, one property, many people on this platform take a month's time to do too much, no one sits on their own and says that only Rs 10 to 12 lakh will go to me as rent, but my Vansh friend, I took it, so my front friend GD, further interest.  If the rates are also low, then there is very little complex, so these are the first ones, second ones, those who are sitting after purchasing, many of whom had already taken, for example, have already taken the project on Dwarka Expressway, you mean first.  Five-six years ago and it has been taken up in New Gurgaon, now you are not able to see those whose marketing gimmicks are getting very good, you are thinking that these are the new stars in the town with new tricks, they want to buy us and sell them, that is very wrong. Your purchase is for rs.35, keep it for ₹300, keep it for ₹4000 and the price is so high right now, no, you will sell on those reports and this one, which you will buy, is not an example of this.  Something similar will happen to you that when you go to the toll tax, your line is about to be cleared, there is a slow disconnection or you are stuck, now a days it is crossed but if you relate to yourself first, then you can change the line to another one.  You go and then get stuck in it, just like when you had to buy a train ticket, there was a person waiting in the queue, then you joined his queue and as soon as you got in his queue, he went back there only to take a break.  you went to another key  Then if it is slow then this Murphy is slow in the country itself, don't sell it, hold on to your loved ones and stay sitting wherever it is, it is looking like 1968, it is looking like 18, take the rate Mahabir will go for four, otherwise you will keep looking at the registry in the tehsil or will you be looking at the GST today.  People will be left but those who are thinking of making a fresh purchase have been thinking for a long time and some good will come, some other good will come, so you have to see that whatever comes, it will be expensive.  Only a small one will come, if today I buy something for you and you feel that it is a fair rate then you can buy it, you will not drive David price increase and acid cycle going and after that in 2 3 years when you understand the thing.  If it comes less and its price increases, then you can always have an accident. You can sell this one and buy this one in which you will have to invest 24, 5, 10, 20 lakhs. If you understand something at that time, but that is not.  Happening going forward, this vibrant world, you will hear all the projects named Maximum, now I am telling the rest of the developers about the Gurgaon market, you are not getting any land parcel to build anything, these are the AC two tier ones, you can comment in the comment section.  Please enter some AC two tier product. You are watching the update of the upcoming AC three tier product which we call Deendayal Upadhyay.  cr2 CR If you do any CR here, then Doctor Zameen, why has the product become AC-2, its soul is that much, okay, so these big multi-storey projects of premium builders are seen coming, the inventory which is there in the near future is now becoming so. This upcoming year is going to be a blockbuster, this and this state is slowly being discussed but I am saying in vain that they will vote for all the factors gradually because you have to understand the real state and the government will help in making it available.  Government also has a lot of benefits, again the government does the maximum investment, but the government itself does not invest that much, but they have a t45 different industries in the GST registry which shoot the real estate, from your tile to the bar cement labor.  From plumbing goods, electrician's goods, blaster's respect, plaster of Paris respect, all kinds of typing, plumbing pipes, electricity wires, your iron, all kinds of whatever.  Similar is this kind of active for industry moving increment in great ok and builders in this and in bsc in celebrities different da cheerleader click job very provide settings show provider then it destroy evil if value economy and get say to that cycle  Of economy doing well people feeling confident about economic people want to buy home people born in home related to in  The economy nor will be conscious of its people want to buy this new cycle, the rise of till 2000 22 23 24 will start running like this or this and then the same speed of features. decision-making can be done people hua setting on money country for the potential to take leave race to take lunch see don't forget some more  Stars that half like this there wo n't be much for you to make a decision and when that much marketing will come on your face and will come in newspapers and will come everywhere na against so much of the world like a bee and it will come to pick on the honey and which  If he was wearing gloves then he would probably not have been able to take the bill. Presently there are a lot of bees gathering there and the one who gets stung feels pain in my hand.  Go, this is a useless thing, in the morning life is not prepared, you are not prepared that I can take any unit, there are four floors that you have to take a unit, this floor is in front of you and there is a floor behind you, there is a 9 meter road in between, how many choices are there to take in it?  You have 40 plots here, there are four on them, 40 like that, take any one, take that 360 over thirty two, juice 521's positive worst, it doesn't matter that whole.  The program is within the radius of 500 meters. Five hundred meters in 500 meters means that if you don't even walk on foot then the distance is 2 minutes. That means if you walk on foot then in 5 7 8 minutes it will be from the center of the project. The project will be over in 5 minutes on foot.  It can be done on foot, in a car or in 30 seconds. The whole project can be done in one stomach, so how much thinking has to be done in it, it is up to the people to think, ok of course, it looks like a sewerage treatment plant and Its neighbor is taking it, I agree, you will have to think about it, these can be avoided votes, in such a big project, I am away from it accordingly, if you are getting anything then take yours and give it away, then the network third device which I want to give you is there.  It is forward related but will be difficult to understand and Nice Your Life But COD Live audience till see Raghavi CEO of your life This is my 15 minute topic How to organize your life and CEO of your life  Like Will Dhund Naukri Vaikunth, if you want, then write in the comment section that if life is ahead and friends like this video, then how to become CEO of our life, what mind-set should you keep for that.  And what has to be done practically, what work has to be done after opening the diary, how you have to become extra, I will make a 10-15 minute video on that and that video will also have tangible take away and benefits. Channel Practice Quality  This video has been made only if you like it, then share it, like it or give it to your friends, thank you.