Hello friends, this is the topic of Gurgaon real estate, this is the name of the topic, he is coming, who is he, you all will know, this will work, stay connected till the end in this video, with his coming, the lines of Gurgaon real estate will change, enterprising previous one. For a year I was saying that the Boeing Forward projects that will come will be built in density, will be small in size and will increase in price but they will have a limit. That forecast was absolutely correct. I am very happy that those videos.  Burnt, you see, I had also made a video on the pricing of Dwarka Expressway. The pricing which I had rated till this Diwali has almost become a hit. The price has almost become what I had set. Okay, so today we will discuss. How marketing is done in this project, the general is fine and how the customer is ready to fool himself, there is no need to make it, I am coming to become it myself, I will understand it, and two-three things, I will tell you the basic thing, that is real estate. That template will work everywhere. Whenever you go to see something and think that seeing it in black and white does not bring anything unifying, I will tell you about the focusing election by which we have to find out that its catchup former that  If the hands are doing medicine then magic is here and its job is to take your focus so that the magic has to do something here. If your focus remains then the pigeon will take out the handkerchief and bring out the cold, you will know that if he is taking out from the mine then something will happen.  This way Will do but if I tell you first that this photos increase hand, don't watch this royal hand, don't watch this one, if you want to watch this one, then I will try to attend something like this, is doing magic a bad thing, no, it is not a bad thing, it is a good thing, okay.  If yes then it is the magician's job to do magic then it is okay then the job of the lamp is to burn, it is the job of the wind to move, it does its job, the lamp does its job, so I and I try to do the job of lighting the lamp, definitely like it. Share it with people and please like it.  Okay, the money was given to Chennai Plant Plant 60 till the project was completed, but for the first time it is written in it, it is written that this story was told, the position will be in September 2012 and when you go to sign 10, then you had calculated that it would be 24 months. According to this, this statement will be given and it is clear that if you feel bad about me, then you will accept the thing that is being told at that time, instead of the thing that was told to you earlier, you will get Rs. 10,000.  He was roaming around with a salary of Rs 15,000. He was roaming around 10 to 12 times in his life. I want to take a lot of care and worry. I want to teach him a lot so that he can find and progress further in life. If you are like this then such children can also join so that such  Don't sit and tell things, the other person will come back through the medium, the employee of the company will not know what to do because this one can do anything, whoever asks the question will be mean to the one who is mean, subscribe and subscribe to Agni.  Taking seven rounds as a witness and applying the Mangalsutra for marriage, he will give you his house for Rs. 500, marketing, I will tell you where it is, there is no need to make it, he will tell me, the thing can be good, the thing can be very good, it should be taken at this level, it is okay and  This much should be told but this thing is said to be so good then when it is not that good because if it is so good then whatever it is, is this dish an appointment, does it deserve so much, is the valuation that right?  Yes, I also do it, I also do it, but if I put an anchor byte, today I am going to give you a lot of knowledge in this video, please listen till the end, you are okay, I am going to give it in a very dirty way, okay focusing loose and then send it brother. What to do, 12000 rupees fall 2nd drop, you feel that skit will come at 12000 and you have another meeting, 12 is expensive, it is cold, it is seen in the market, then now.  There is a discount of ₹ 2000. Show the biscuits also as if they are the same. 90 Will Get Dressed Like This and Will Get Dislike Country Ukhta How will your mind ever be? People will be anxious to know how much it was bought for. Many people would have liked this fact. That we are getting flight minutes and money too, this is called marketing and magic, why do we call it bad, why can't we, because with this we start by saying, brother, I am speaking directly, how many times have I told you like this?  I will give it. Hey, you see, what is your opinion? You can sell a thing worth ₹ 100 for ₹ 140 and return it for Rs. 30 at 110. Many people sell it for 110 and make it for 105. I mean, what is the logic you were saying, I will wear yours and the pen is worth this much.  Then I will give only this to you, I will buy tea at this time, brother, tell me how much is the pan, I have to give it, I have brought it down, why is it not kept simple, it is not the builder's fault at all, people.  Why is it the fault of the people, what they like will be given to them, the director will put the item number, he will also have a sense inside, become a face, because if people like it, then it will be okay, if we don't want to listen to the stupid song, then it will not add pace to the movie.  Destroys yaar mature audience, we don't need fasting, we don't want qualities in the city, this kind of nonsense in sports, we will remove medals, old songs will not be eaten, burger city and songs, two songs are item number, he is walking, he is  Have to add tadka, that entry scene has to be added, he will come after breaking the car, everything looks good, if money is made then the customer likes it very much, guys, your discount is only for you, okay, a product, if their price of the product is also 19, then 1968  There is a danger in this, show it to him and send it at a low rate and find out the low rate and record the discounting and send the good product later, release it at an expensive price, now tell those who want to buy it that it is expensive.  That this one was useless, hence the rate was low, which makes the useless person feel that he got it useless, full circle, the rate was low and the marketing is good, if there is cheating with it, what else is wrong with it, understand the meaning of this.  Are you thinking why are you not thinking that if things are given in this way then they can think for themselves, what do you do in a project, a whole is made up of its parts, at some places the whole is stolen, then sorry, there were papers of devotion but what to do. So if I  I am cutting it and sending it from here, so let me know whether I should add less chocolate or my portion should be such that I can give it cheaply, in this one I have added more sugar, so I keep this one aside, so what is my advice?  To people, you support is also over excited, okay, we are doing the opposite of IPO. When a company brings IPO in the stock market, there are questions about it and the first price is told that friends, it is Rs 20203. This hair will be shared on this market, the valuation of this company is towards thousand crores, now they also want that mummy should get maximum money and it is possible that if they make it too expensive then IPO and subscribe now or sea ruby ​​may not be in the market. In this less and subscribe that and subscribe must gray market premium income and the same turnoff so there is fear then in that Vaatas Vaatas that something is lever table for investors and something is upside in real estate  After doing the work, using York, they first sour it and make it like this, they give a rough rate and depending on how the response has been, they decide the final price, first they give a rough description to the public.  They are going to tell that they are not official, they are going to tell the public of the company that there is an army of ten to twenty thousand rupees, boys of 10 to 15 thousand rupees also work, who work in their Noah Mewat Palwal Bhiwani Bahadurgarh  Jhajjar, Hisar, Rohtak, Jhajjar can keep all these, okay, those children used to work for someone before here, now they just sit in people's salary, eating tea and pakodas. For one and a half month, Baghwa also gets 1234 paise of mobile password.  It will be written in the WhatsApp message message, so and so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so inside, swimming pool, such, diamonds, pearls, something like this, this is so and so, this is modern, now this is total official, no one has said how is it, how is the photo.  It seems that there is something, something is okay, but ultimately if you investigate a lot, then I am sure that the original thing is there, that when it remains, she will tell it is okay and Rare's drawing would think that it is not good at all, it does not seem to be a war message, but they are.  It is visible and there are so many lines and lines and such details in it, how many floors are there inside it, what is its price, the car is like feet, the window is here, where are the windows and doors, where is the car parking, where is it complete.  How much percentage of green area, how much open area, how much reverse route, where is the height, where is the tension, something like this is written, but for that you have to become a Jagga Jasoos, which site will you go to, which buttons will you press to enter inside, you will download it for free, and then you will get it out, that is the hard work.  Do so much telling and listening brother, understand the plan, understand the plan, this is the ticket, what is wrong with the project in the plant itself, don't know what should be taken but think carefully because when this brother, how much is a product?  Either you have to see the remaining ones which are of low density and you tell me brothers and sisters, if 10 handkerchiefs have been extracted from two meters of cloth but someone else is extracting 25 handkerchiefs, then will you understand the valuation in the same way or will you not say handkerchief? What else is there in a handkerchief? It should be a favourite. Take out a handkerchief from one or two cup meters of cloth. If you are taking out a pamphlet at one place then you are showing the carving of that handkerchief. Look, there is something made up in this, all this is made up, every time the focus is on wax in other matters also, Singh Dhillon is being taken here, he is at another place, he is not taking the decision in his senses, then many people say that this is  You have messed up, what are you doing, brother? If you had the right to ask me a question, then in the to-do list I am starting the investor campaign. I will explain the project as per my convenience. I will tell you where it is spread.  I am telling the platinum members that you have a choice to become a platinum member. iPhone people can become linked by pressing the join button. Talking about it, they are getting awareness and also other people who join me through destruction, so if  You have to attend all the projects in Gurgaon in the next 50 days. If you want to discover good calculations and hand value, then you can do the webinar by WhatsApping me and connect with me.  If you go then I will explain those things individually as per the template, many people will say no, friend, while making this video, you have to see that the answer is that everyone should get the knowledge, then there is no leverage in that knowledge, the second thing in decision making, many things, Singh.  What unites us is not white and black, so it takes time to understand and explain them and to-and-fro questions should also be asked because I will tell you something, it is possible that you may not understand it and you will agree with it. If you don't want any more information then there is no question related to Gurgaon which I cannot answer. This comes from the feeling of confidence of hard work. It is okay, you must have seen the way of explaining it in the channel.  The way of explaining in the videos is that of a down to earth leader. The air-oriented Rajya Sabha is not of one type of play. It is not of the Lok Sabha people that it is a down to earth leader. As seen from so many votes, I keep the approach of a down to earth leader that too.  It is very important to understand what works in the real life projects This project is personal Vishwa Guru extremely well because IC its project will be extremely well Gurgaon Prizes Real Estate Price on Average of Gadha Ghoda Ghoda Ghoda and Lagda Gadha Increasing by Twenty Percent Now in Langar  How did one or two months of a project already increase so much and this project based projects project point?  Systematic, that is, when the pricing will come out, when they will say that this sugarcane had so much enthusiasm, so much quality and how much salary was given for this sugarcane and it became a template, then now the rest of the sugarcanes will come to that.  If more people come then we will have to discover alternative sources here, how is the alternative, how is it important but please include all those photos.  After eating pakoras, you understand, send WhatsApp message to 500 people so that in the next 15 days, 5 to 10 lakh people can understand, but they all have to see that this is spoken in Haryana, marriage is suffering, if given, songs for wedding.  And wedding songs are not all true, okay, those who swear and promise, I will do it, I will do it that way, I will make it that way, it will happen that way, they do not lose, it is okay because it happened in every village and Radha time marriage. I always give the example of cold coffee. I am in the example of cold coffee and how much milk is there and how much peep is there, brothers and sisters, if you want to know then WhatsApp Web Anatomy  And will connect and will discuss the valuation definitely 1000 very good thank you very interesting times personal this is the new launch padh pura na will come only on Dwarka expressway pyari is being done and is being prepared people are getting ready social media Whatever you see in the newspaper, everything is going to be published there, there will be clipping, there will be sharing, I will also do it, but I will also do that introduction and there is a Vikram Betal in it.  I will tell you the video of Vikram Betal, that too must be watched and if we are comfortable with it, then thank you, share this video, subscribe the channel, subscribe in the play list, subscribe in the morning, it is also okay, this much Ghrit is able to understand because many times. Kwid price is very important. Words into bike brother, everyone is taking AT% from me now in 3 months. Brother, I also note the retail price on the side as well.  Quickly in buy it's like shampoo 's example, subscribe, subscribe in one, subscribe only once a week, twice a month, if I don't have my own example, then take someone else's example, then that man is fine, so if I write this much, then many times.  If a man buys an expensive thing then it's like this example from Nothing Nothing Will Make Homemade Will Make You To The Point [Music] Subscribe to Kapil How the good points make sentences written by and did not make sense organs so for that you have to choose thank you thank you