Hello friends, Noida and Gurgaon, I will take up the airport in today's topic. Okay, Jewar airport is our ICICI, our airport is ours, this is a big misconception, proximity to the growth of Gurgaon has given too much importance to Indira Gandhi Airport, when we are a city in the city.  We attribute the growth to something because of this and if we do something wrong, then the same thing is going to happen in another city, so we blame it. Let's extrapolate, today I am going to tell you that the people of Noida and Gurgaon, the people of Delhi who have cleared both, and the rest of the people are hearing that brother, nothing happens with the airport, there is an airport in Bhatinda too.  There is an airport in your Bikaner too, so instead of answering your question, it is opening at a place near Barmer too. There are airports at many places. It does n't feel like a rocket from there. If I land the plane somewhere, all the real estate will increase. Not there. Brother  Sir, when did Gurgaon become Gurgaon, tell me one time, is this the airport of Delhi, is it 10 years old, 20 years old, 30 years old, then why did Gurgaon not become a rocket in 70 years because you look for its reasons in others and in the expansion of Gurgaon?  No Maruti, Maruti has no contribution and what is Maruti talking about? Hey, Maruti's contribution would have been there, my brothers and sisters, because then that is the problem because  Then you will learn this contribution in this way, then you will see some such Samsung factory in Noida, something else is happening there and otherwise, first of all Sun Lo, even in 1998, the rate of Hooda's plot in Rohtak and Gurgaon was at the rate of Maruti.  There can be a difference of Rs 30500 after 17 years of arrival [Music] Even in Kharkhoda, Maruti plants will be built, it can be three-four times what is made here.  This will happen in the coming time because only then you will become fansoge in jewelry because you are moving ahead by holding wrong stories. One TCS building has so many 3000 employees, each one's salary is 80 thousand on average, their residential retirement becomes exponential. 3000 people with so much imagination will give you 300.  Factorial will be that the person's level is less and you will multiply and divide, he will also travel in his own vehicles.  If we do this, then the real estate does not grow, where the laborers are blue in color and it happens because of their arrival, then Panipat has always been an industrial base, why did Faridabad not grow? Look, Faridabad is the story before Gurgaon. In 19778, Bansi Lal ji and him.  When it was promoted a lot at the time, what happened to Faridabad? Even till today, it is far behind Gurgaon and cousins ​​​​say that wherever it is, it is very good. Tell you about the airport of Khel Paisa Ka Indira Gandhi Airport, you have made an airport in your life, will anyone want to land there, who will want to land there, the Noida one, look at the Noida one, if the Noida one lands at T3, find the sector, you tell me. Pick any sector, pick the right sector which is on the fringe, tell me how much time will it take to get down from T3 to Sector 150 and how much time will it take to reach there from Jewar. If you are from Noida, when you reach 8 lakh, will the jewelery operation be done? Delhi 2 crore 2.25 crore, Gurgaon 22 23 25 lakh, all airlines will do it. It is possible that there will be some similar ones which are equipped with ships.  Those who are in logistics should start landing something and Bhai Potter's retirement porter says that it will increase, first you people said there that if there will be formula van racing then that will happen.  The rate will increase to watch Formula Van racing. It was supposed to happen once in a year. Anyway, so many stories go on. Sometimes it's Wildlife Safari, sometimes it's Formula Van, sometimes it's Jewel. Maximum, the fools and fools are becoming the ones [Music] Investing in Ayodhya because you guys are staying in Noida, rest of the money is not coming from outside anyway and you will have more supplied market here, that will be in the upcoming video.  I will tell you that 38000 flats which are being built by Amrapali and JP Green 's NBCC are coming in seven-eight months. Count them and they will sell them at some rate. Whoever gets them, they are not taking half the positions right now. Someone will sell them like this.  All main supply tsunami will come, there will be talk about brother of the flight, there will be talk about all things, now you are doing very well, I will tell you in more detail further, I will explain this series.  How do you feel? Tell me, I am following every aspect carefully. There is no contribution of the airport. Something will happen, it will not happen like this. Hey brother, I am a practical man. Ask yourself how often do you go abroad or what is the condition in the airport? Let's go once a month, once a month, can it be such a big factor? Can it be such a big factor? Can it be such a big factor? But can it be so big? That too is not very far from the airport. You have to tell me and where else?  till you this  If you are increasing the rates of jewellery, then Jhajjar is also very close to the airport, tell me the distance of Jhajjar from T-3, how much is the distance of Bhadsa from T-3, how much is the distance of Pataudi from T3, why doesn't the property catch fire here in Jewar?  If you are coming to the airport and you are dealing with Noida police or Greater Noida or Pari Chowk police and the distance is 40 kilometers, then set a radius of 40 kilometers from your T3. In Najafgarh, it should be installed today itself, open your Google Earth, open T3, I do n't know from when, it is being taught for 2042, so you people should be pragmatic and now in Agra also, the runway of the airport is already ready in Agra, what goes into making the airport there?  There is a government airport with its own Ministry of Defence, it is okay, the airport has another runway, there is a runway built in it, a plane has to be landed there, a terminal has to be opened where you can carry luggage bags, so that too becomes an airport.  There is an airport in Agra too, there is an airport in Jewar too, all the planes will land there and by that landing, the whole world will come there and they will land there and go home after seeing the Taj Mahal, what kind of plot will they register there?  Will it remain there or do you have to check yourself? I am making it for the people of Pro Noida so that you do not lose a lot of money. It costs you Rs. 1.5 crores. The company is from Gurgaon but I belong to it despite the forces driving things in it.  A Particular Manner That You Have Much