Hello friends, the government's payment has arrived, whatever project the big builders have, they have commented on the structural engineer, it is a huge letter of 10 pages, in brief I will tell you the main thing, earlier it was easily available and there is no structural audit.  There used to be big engineers that this is a big change in things, now they are saying that an engineer of this level is needed because earlier no one was checking the qualifications of the engineers who were signed, the work was very lumpy, so it was very difficult.  Strict has been made, is there any building above centimeter, British and free, you can guess, if it is above 2223 floors then there will be a separate audit for that, second thing is structure audit and second thing is that there was no provision of third party and detox.  Why should someone come in between to check and what kind of sample is being built? Part of what is being built was not a provision. The third thing that is mandatory is what the builder is doing when the structure is completed.  If the handover is done then all the structural designs and all the things have been given to the RWA, the job will be lost, one thing is that the job will be lost, like where is the map of the building, what is the mahariya, what are the joint details, all the details will be given, this is a very good welcome step, I will tell you what will happen with this. Because the matter is not over with just this, this is the first and thinking, you will also read the letter, if you read it in the newspaper, then you will have to tell a little further, so this is an advantage, but they have no difference with the big players. But the cost of whatever shortcuts were being taken will increase, so in a way it should not be taken in the cost of Rs 100 and tomorrow when the customer complains, NCC will be formed to identify that complaint. This is a maintenance issue of the society.  It is a structural tear and it will also be designed in two ways, so it is a very good welcome step from the government, we should increase the awareness of it. It is of 10 pages.  I will post the letter on the Telegram group of my subscribers. If you have not subscribed yet, please become a subscriber and join the Telegram group on this given link. You will get regular updates on things. And now  With that your awareness will remain only labels. You are a separate group of platinum members. If you want to take platinum membership then you can take this. It is a very good welcome step.  This is the end, the government has thoughtfully made it very clear about all the norms that are above it, now it is not possible to get the same by just taking any end sign as people have taken others at many places earlier because the qualification of the person who was hitting the line was not checked.  It was happening that now the levels of his qualification have been increased and his accountability has increased, so before signing, now he will also come hundred times and do a physically active chili, even then he will validate it, so I hope this.  You will get to know about the thing and increase your awareness level. Share it with your friends. If you have not yet subscribed to the channel then subscribe, like and share. Thank you very much.