Hello friends, I am going to get very interesting results, I am telling you the inside story of Gurgaon real estate, I have never seen anything like this. If you people have used it, then tell me the second, third, fourth and fifth players of Indian real estate who are inside Gurgaon.  There are some projects where the sales people have a voice and are not interested in selling. Amazing and Malik and Tay sir, sit down, have coffee and tell me, yes, it will be done for you. Listen to their reason and tell me something interesting.  I am worried too much, what should be done, I will tell you mother, whatever I have said, the inventory left is not much and if these people also know, if they did anything more, they would have lost their job. Already, there is another player from Gurgaon who  Mostly everyone has done the job now. Real estate came price. I am talking about the people doing the job here. Everyone left the paper and went to Mr. Fiber, so the children who are already there, who will go to the sales gallery, you share.  They are going to do that, if earlier you used to see 12 people, you will see only three, now they are not even aware of it and these two or three children also know that there is no need to hurry up, now there are many people to join them, join them there.  Many people want that coffee is running like that. If you want to tell me something about coffee, like you don't know how to buy or subscribe, you do n't know, I want this, we have this thing, this is the second thing, this is also the return that builders and no waiting, whoever has that.  Leftover  There is inventory, he should take it out at a very high rate because if his tower is standing and he has invested a lot of money in this tower, he does not have to put cement, put rebar, level it, but somewhere new thing is coming in the village or anywhere.  Now it is coming at expensive rates in India, so its juice was out, it will be possible only when the market will accept the lower rates, then you will be surprised to hear the rates in the coming days which are lined up properties.  I am already giving a mental warning, I am giving a small warning that for Gurgaon, let me tell you that have you heard that a new property is coming in Gurgaon, 22 thousand rupees per feet on this, 1000 feet on that, such a place, such a place.  The special last scene on the road, Sona Road, Sohna Road, I will call it its last scene. So much is made of it from above, it will be tight from below, there was a time when it was bright, now if you go there, you will see  Don't push left or right, how can you go, wherever you go, we will know, okay, ₹ 3000 script will be slipped on that road, so what was your average rate, I am revealing in seconds, those people who were sitting here with average rate,  Favorite is so much, someone used to say, forget how much is the average of this road, 9 the latest and this status, this thing is so much and look at this and look at this, it is not the average rate, if you understand then take it.  For this, the very important thing that I have told and introduced to the people is that they should start putting it in categories, otherwise you will never know whether the right thing is the wrong thing, I will plan it in this way, please patients, okay, I will do Tom's shoes, this one tier AC.  Two tier AC, three tier sleeper class general bogie and in this I have included things. If you do not add this category, then you will keep choosing AC-2 at a lower price for this reason and will be happy that you will get some AC-2 in this category.  If you are getting BSE cheaper than the wall, then it will always be cheaper. If you add the cradle of the car in it, when you buy the car, then it would have been flying, it would have stuck, there would be such a class, all the classes are different, then Vindhya class becomes low pressure Vindhya class.  Comparison is made that this is expensive and cheap because Lord of Players, remember Deendayal of non-AC three tier, add diamonds and pearls to him, he is only three, his rate can be reduced from Rs 1.5 crore to Rs 10 crore.  Let's do these three because anything which is built on a plot of 150 yards or less can they see you can never be seated Studio MP3 Yes AC-3 rates have also increased and they will read to accept the people.  And that effective validation can be changed, but the packaging which people are doing by mistake and wrong mis-selling, whose packaging was done in such a way that it does not look collapsed, it is okay that nothing should become a luxury due to increase in the rate.  You go, you have to put the segment in it, I am helping people to type the throw, put this in this, put this in the account, put this in this, cut this in this and subcategories are also coming out in it, now like if there is AC-2 then there is AC-2.  I also have a lower side seat, it is not equal to the inner seat. Well, the rate is the same. If you travel in Indian Railways, you all must have come in AC 2 tier, so there are four seats inside, the bigger one.  There are two upper ones, two lower ones and two side ones and there is also a lower one in the side key, so two people sit like this, they do it like this at the time of sleeping, if they do it like this, then they keep shaking from it, the ticket money is complete.  This man feels very cheated, man, inside Lalaji Sharma ji, some uncle is sitting and snoring comfortably. I gave him so much money and I am happy, it is okay here, so you guys know the example, this one is okay, so  it  The only amendment to be made is that we will not do this in the name of 2, such products are ahead, this is Sneha's search and inventory, okay, this seat on the side of AC-2, these products are also much ahead which will give the world the inside seat.  How did you feel about these videos being sold on the basis of having 25000 subscribers? Whenever I made a video, there are 508 children. Please keep pushing. My target for the next two days is to cross the figure of 25 thousand.  On 31st March, your help is needed for that, otherwise this program will be held, I will go on 67th April, so I have a target in my mind, like what do you say in your heart, once you also say that one is worth Rs 25,000 and the next one is worth Rs 50,000.  I will ask for help, run towards this way, if you call then only ask for Rs 50, it is not that I will go for the next five Nimrat Khaira, okay, so the thing about running is like subscribe.  It's a normal request to increase, so a person keeps going normally. Content creators, but I request you all to please post it in the next two days. As soon as we see growth, I will keep revealing it. 31st March also has a significance. Thank you have a.