Hello friends, the Good for Real Estate Secret Series is something that is not told and people get a lot of courage to search for answers. So today's topic is about the management quota tower of affordable housing, then why is it not built from youth? This is a big question.  People have asked the answer, I don't think it has been said on YouTube, so I am going to answer it and now how do you feel about this thing, tell me what is the topic next, tell me, I will pass my 31st by March Boss-8  Subscribe now to reach the figure of 25000, please do more. I am trying hard. In the next 48 hours, you can get to see 8 10 12 videos. I have a good heart to tell you every small thing. Please.  If you like and subscribe then your enthusiasm increases a little. One thing is the support of the creator. Write down all the things and those whose concerns and doubts you have.  If you go to Munger immediately, then what happens in the management quota, what is taken for it is different, it is not normal, and the value of shuttering goes to us in construction, isn't this condition very expensive, yes, if it is Rs 10,11000 per square meter line, then that is the same.  Then those shutters would have to be bought separately because they always make them separately, whatever they are for ma'am and isn't it bad, it is not bad at all, that tower is also made very well because the management.  Kota, its loading is less anywhere, there are less people on the road, when did the destination go to 14, you must have seen the prices, it is like this in 106 too and among the incoming ones, only 24 flights are being made mostly, four flights which are different, why are they the same, Mamta, where they are like that.  Only some units go in the name of events, those are different things, but when the tower is being built separately, you must have noticed that it is not one but there is no need to panic because in it all the judges are in the box of cement.  There are uses and there are pillars and they are very big uses in themselves, so if you compare them like that then you can say that creative person is by one and except where those windows and doors are, the area above them you have to use this.  If boxes etc. are used then the reason e basic reason is that the my and the stringing are very expensive so their name is not different then only you must have seen the cross projects of big builders.  Loot is kept thick and thick. You can think that there is an expense in making a cake as well, so if you want to make a different cake, you have to make it all with love, then it is not the expense of love, it is the expense of sending them.  This is the region but in this, like they will make a basement or provide some different facilities, they will provide two lifts in it and Chaudhary is giving the first floor on the flat and is giving the 14th floor, so you are getting 56 flights, you are getting two lists.  If you are getting a written message on 286 light then it becomes unique but its basic decision was this, no one should worry about this ad in their affordable affairs. Look, what is the problem of those people today where they are investing Rs 2.5 crores and the ship is Rs 20 lakhs.  Staying there would have been a mismatch of people, all those things worth Rs. 2.5 crores were to be grinded, there were four in the decision making, it was not correct, they wanted all the charm, Rs. 20-25 lakhs. Even in those with Rs 2.5 crore and Rs 2 crore, you will have to accept that thing, the balcony is extra. The builder gives the balcony extra. Inside this, the balcony is being made of complete concrete. Do it today. In the management quota, you will see that the extra is free of some size or the other.  A little better or if not anything else, the corners became fatty. Instead of floors on all the art plots, roads were given on four flats. So this was one. How did you like it. If you would like to know further, do tell me in the comment section. Thank you.  You