Hello friends, I am not doing Gurgaon and Noida vs validity. Today in Part-2 we will discuss what kind of people want to buy in Gurgaon and Noida. By directly attaching the cities and comparing, this is good and that is good. We have to follow the order accordingly.  You have to open and discover and whatever things I tell you, you can cross check with your circle and digest because what is happening externally is visible to you.  To discuss is not to regret, that is the date, that is that, I will do that, that infrastructure is your metro, want more, keep the product, share and comment, it is on that subject, the eyes can see anyway, isn't it happening that  We will also discuss about the series Minister, it is fine if you people want to buy a house in Noida and people want to buy a house in Gurgaon or property, then let us see who are these people and who should buy it in Shahpur village.  If you want to buy Solo in Noida then who are these people? My research is saying that the people who want to buy Solo in Noida are the residents of that Mission UP. A Nabi people are the residents of UP only, people from outside are not coming and if they are inside Gurgaon to buy Solo  So the people of Delhi are angry, the people of Haryana are angry, the people of Gujarat, Maharashtra, UP, the people from the whole country, the expats are also angry, there is Punjab, the residents of Punjab, the residents of Jammu and Kashmir, Kashmiri Pandits of Chandigarh, that is, you will find such people when I say this absolutely.  If I make a pie chart, it will be like two, one, two, two, two and a half, three, but the cosmopolitan nature is already there in the city. The second thing is that if you look at the population, the population of Gurgaon is the most intense compared to the road population, so the base effect.  If he comes from Gurgaon's Dube, then hey 20 but if I am getting less growth then here I am getting more from the apps loot number, I understand this very well. Gurgaon's cent growth will be on Gurgaon's time will be 2.2 listen and Noida's cent growth on thirty will be exactly two Gurgaon's temple run start number. So when this news comes, lines like this in it, this thing's attorney purchase caste's total is 20 that ok ji.  It is very important now inside Noida, if it is something, let me tell you, we see it as ours, it feels very good, it feels very lovely, our country. Patriotism also remains the same, everything is a good thing, if only we are investing in our country and no ₹ 1 is coming from outside, then can our country progress? Will these investments go on blot signal? Samsung factory closed there, commenting on life like this, I am talking about residential, I am talking about the reaction, I will also add extra to the things that yes, money is coming, that is why I am telling about the people in the city. That if a lot of things are coming to your place in Noida from outside, then people of India will buy, direct innovative factory, now our jewelery will come and we will add jewelery too, okay, we will press Indira Gandhi, we will press all the things, but the most important thing is needed. In this point time, you should check, only people from UP want to buy in Noida, they have their own power, there is a limit of money, if they do not have any statement then they get camped in the market, due to this, there is a cut, so much further for housing purpose.  It is not much visible that there is price differential in Gurgaon market and Nada market like it always happens in the lead player and second year like in Kazan and your Somani tiles. If you go to banking sector then you will get premium like subscription in top bank. Another cream would be validation leader and in that, I am telling you in the coming time that this is very important, in this I will do that subscribe on this side and the reason for its creation is that you can set the report on it.  We can discuss as much as we can but there is no use in discussing it because we focus on the results. Then there is the big brand, Gurgaon Cosmopolitan Living is another one which has been created like that and those who promote Gurgaon are different and are present.  If there are a lot of people, then it remains in the news, if something goes wrong, there is an uproar, a lot of formative pressure comes, that thing gets cured, you get the Guru Jam of the famous Yadav 2016, after that watch Gadkari ji and  The government, Haryana Government Central, from where everyone together made the food flavor and how much work is in progress, Gurgaon, in two to three years, there will be a lot of space left for the work of training for those who have to buy first, there is no doubt about it, but the question is that  What will happen after becoming that person, if the problem you are facing in becoming that person will go away, then now you will go to school, then you guys have to do this, if you have to make arrangements, then today I just wanted to capture this thing on this thing. In the series, we will move forward only by catching small things so that we can get full guarantee of the skit. First of all, he does not talk about population, so like I told, he has to talk about the unemployed, do the best there, okay, this is very important.  it is tricolor