That Hello friends, we will discuss three to four factors which are seen to be the factors for taking the real estate up in the near term. You have to prostate them. The first factor is the farmers who grow wheat or people in such relatives, whomever you call them.  Okay, the market is rising, what is happening, what is happening, what is happening, because of this it is not going that IPL should be something good, in Punjab Haryana I will not get into politics only soft artiyan money  Is he earning or is the farmer ours? Who is ours? Will not get but I know for short-term money has been not wanted and he will find it is just Mintu Delhi-Gurgaon in the form of real estate in next 3241 Ok, those orders have been placed.  Do a little research on this, it is called Atal Butt, it is okay in English, check it by doing some equals, it is okay, this is a tractor speed, this other thing will be very clear that before marriage.  Today it was the first time for the girl's family in the market, now it is said that if the boy does not have a house then she will not go. Earlier we had taken it in Haryana when the Prime Minister had made it clear that we were not in the house where we had gone towards our village on the 9th, now we were worried. Latest Gallardo will not go if not for allotment letter, this is a big shock in your life, if you are 25.2 then please write in the comment section, Identified with to IDBI said something in the air to explain to you. Young son in the house and you are feeling this by showing the marriage relationship appointed in the society, she was saying that she is coming to me to buy in it and if the answer is to buy then this is another big reason. Third, if you  If you want to buy real estate investment trust property then you will realize that big money is coming from outsiders and that money is debited from Indian lawyers only in the spot.  fixing  And something that this project, you should understand that you take the money like this, it is coming according to equity, so that is of mind, this fourth one, I was feeling that this one which is the soil of RBI to increase the repo rate etc. I feel like this.  It was said that the interest rate will be increased, which means, based on what I know about economics, it is increasing but the government has deliberately taken a call in this term interest rate.  If you want to increase, then this is a big ask from the government that there is still a chance for you to take the loan as per your eligibility because by the time the salaries will be increased tomorrow, these prices will have increased and you just have to tell about the salary.  Is your salary increasing as much as the relative increase? You have to tell by how much your number is increasing and here you have to check by how much the pricing will increase. Affordability of many people has increased a lot.  There is one more reason which I feel that in Corbett, those whose jobs will be saved knowingly or unknowingly or due to compulsion, those who are not unemployed or those whose house is not blessed with anything by the grace of God, their children have a lot of money because they are 2 years plus.  Did n't go out for a trip or eat or drink, saved money as per wish, couldn't spend that money and on top of that, it must be a habit of not spending, so it's okay to not spend, that regulation came up like that, so all these things are part of the Iron Man ad. Like A Pointer, we are syndicated in the Affordability Index. This Zip CEO brings out very good reports. In this, if you are my subscriber group, then I will share such reports with you. I will share the link of the Telegram group with you in the description box of the video and your Pan Joint Platinum people will come.  For the same, but for that also in the Telegram group, you can join the Affordability Index that is the number of platform and salary in which the property can be bought.  You can know that the last twenty two years are at all time low, how much your total salary in 60 months' salary, child, that tree is his fourth deposit in the next, he is telling all these things, who was the prize's best friend, he always knew you. On the hand side it is known that the hand was that if it is the best now then it is the best today, this will be known only when time passes and this rate will increase somewhere if it decreases further.  If it is not the right time, then whether it is the best time or not, it will be known later. It may or may not be, but if it is or is not, then it will be known later. What do you guys feel about the market?  What do you people think? Will we go to buy the property? Will we get this gift at a great price? Will we go to sell the old one and will get it at some other rate. We have kept the old one and those who are not in the middle have a separate account of what we wear in the market. I would like to tell one thing to my audience. You tell me how much of it you have  Will you support Gurgaon and this list? I want to make some stock market type indicator. When the pricing becomes very clear, it will say anything. Whether it will be big or not or not, it will be known only when the exit price is known till Kaushik is final.  If you know at what price the deal is being done, then those of you who have bought the property, do n't I even ask people that I am in the market that you have bought it, now you have a son, if you have bought the property on Dwarka Express or  If you want to buy somewhere in Gurgaon, please write in the comment section, what is their exact inventory, at what price have they arrived, how much has the builder priced for you, what should you do, I will start this campaign on the subscribe group, you can eat there.  But those who have projects, it is like now I did not ask for anything in the project but you have taken it, no one is covering it, there is no interest in covering it, you sit like this and go ahead and say this much rate.  I am curious to know if you had drank your stomach then what is the rate, it is going to be very interesting in which you have taken it, keep it ready for the day, I will tell you, if you want to monitor, then please write in the comment section that Bhaiya Bhai Saheb, this one's  Tell me this, tell me this, I have taken this boy who is good and others who want to take it will also benefit from this information that according to electricity, everyone should open their diaries.  Keep entering and then you will know where the tractor is, what rates are increasing or decreasing every month by half, one or two percent, Yasmin will live and you will know that you have to make your tractor comfortably. All subscribed. Score is India's number two real.  State Executive [Music] Kinship Your friends and colleagues will see you Hey brother, you know it well, it will be fun, if you become interesting, then you want to become interesting.  Yes, all of you, please get this video to 200 likes and if you participate in the comment section at least, I will cover the item in the order according to which one gets more likes and you please open your diary at the top.  C diary or notebook, write on it, recite the song, yes son, tired, now the candidate, why do you have to give the data, then you know the magic magic, you will know that it is on it, it is you, it is you.  Call him, it was to get the share done, so on top of that, my people who are so famous, position, and everything together will be 103 166 by doing this, there will be some good explanation in it that brother, this is your Shyam, this is In 2525, while taking this puff, all this data remains active because that is the period you are in the period to subscribe. Namaste, but while doing so, it  We will also do it and according to this, it can also be done interestingly with the village and if you have given a good response, Titan Fish and if it is there, then by taking it out from inside also, Voters Pandit, now I will have to do a lot of consultation, what would that be, explain to Naira and private.  It was fun giving tuition, so it is okay to explain it to friends because it also includes data like subscribe. My request is to share it with you all so that wherever you took it, you subscribed.  Delayed 506 Love You Are 21 Dwarka Expressway Near Village Ki Urban Village To Jahaan Jahaan Whoever understands whatever is okay Shop Flight Under Construction Nuvvu Nuvvu Naku Nachav Wala Achcha Wala Deendayal Wala Chhota Wala Bhai Everything Kuch Meaning Everything So When  He is a topper student, he knows a lot but if he has property then nothing is missing from 80%, 100%.  From the shop to the back shop to the upstairs shop to the back shop commercial, first let me explain everything to you guys, make your diary and subscribe to it and then I will tell you how to check. I am thankful to you for telling me.  Also, I will tell you how to cross check whether it is there or not and what to do. I will give the device to everyone. Those who have bought the door, they do not need the device because people have bought it, now something else feels good brother.  Sir, this is the work of selling, what do you buy?  And keep selling, buying and selling, it's fine, just like how many stock brokers sleep in the share market, as many dots are open for them, wherever you buy shares, their names are these bikes, target, subscribe, it is a lot of fun, investment is in this juice, the man who is so disgusting, if you  If you are doing this clipping in your job then it is not your investment but first of all ensure that if a lot of money comes into your life or you earn money or your decision is made in a very good way then  First of all, you freedom people, no, yes, if you go and enslave you, then you have to keep it but take it away, you also know my job series, okay, so I punished all the penises, actually I have ever put on display all the videos of Shivling, that link and  There are subscribers who steal votes and make notes very well and connect it so that they can rest that you subscribe. You can see some dots in my videos which are all connected if you see them.  Please write in the comment section to subscribe dot.com I want them to try, if they do more than that then it will be even better, thank you.