That Hello friends, this is a very important video. Understand it well and share it with people till the end. Issues of 5 to 6 things always run in people's mind. Yes, there is a cremation ground. Yes, Ravi system is going. High tension cable is there. Yes, there is a sewerage treatment plant. Yes, the dirty drain is going, yes, and if there is nothing, do you have any video on YouTube, then I am going to cover these 6-7 things for the audience because as many questions come,  I am bringing information from pet consultation, if I am giving a template, then it is appropriate to ask for likes. If not, then subscribe and please send this information to your friend circle. I will tell you all the things that I told you one by one and Gono.  Criteria toe by that I will tell you this word comes in edition to both of them, the pilot will understand what is happening because when he reads a text before the plane takes off. Before quitting, they are given a list and crush that if it is this one, then you can take off and if it is this one, then switch off the stream, come out of all of them, then he will give you all these topics in clarity.  But let's start with the crematorium. First, I will tell you that this affordable housing, Deendayal Luxury, Ultra Luxury, these four have doctors inside, this level of these issues is yours in a variable 2.5 crores.  The tolerance level will be less to buy all these things and the thing which is a dream of Rs 20 lakh, you will have to increase the tolerance level. Let's start from the bottom with affordable housing. This affordable housing is not like that except one or two wiring, you will have to do in these facts.  I am telling you one more big thing, all the things I published and told today under construction property in Gurgaon, any such property, half a dozen, one or two or maximum three and torque so much.  Ignore what I told you that not even a single one of these, all the videos that I have made myself, people from news channels and now there is no project except two-three projects, if we understand this and forward it to Nishu, then you know this. To be affordable, its value should be low. It will happen only when you have to ask something, only then it will appear so compromised in your stomach that you will not be able to discuss it.  By looking at it one understands which is real and which part is real, so do the first lesson. Cremation ghat of crematorium is a big news sense, 90% is fake. Maintain a cremation ground like an umbrella, in which you have four iron inserts, one team.  Some boundary walls have been put up, mostly it is blackmail of the villagers that now it is not possible to walk everywhere by lifting like this, it used to walk at some time, now when the entire residential area goes there, it is legal money allowed.  It is not available and is not being used anywhere but by showing a photo you can distract people. Should you be distracted? Next Rolex will be a project for people, meaning what will I tell you about 25 prints worth 2.5 crores of 3 crores and 1720 worth 25 lakhs affordable.  From where all this is, there are programs of End Electronic Limited and others, further pollution will be created by NGT, there is only one eco system for the cremation ground, you cannot open the cremation grounds like this, come and go there.  People's death certificate complete its insertion you see the real ones and unfortunately appointment whatever thing is this side reaction man would have written there this line donated so much part this made drinking water and sometimes made this and then part 56 1015 would have been like that  That property is less and is in a separate place and they are there and in a way you get a grant of allotment to them and maintenance is also done and they are within the system. This umbrella type which comes is like the one which has been made meaning that you should not get distracted by it by keeping it within four walls anywhere, I am you that if justice gets distracted then you cannot do anything anywhere just because now you have bought it and after that  If someone has put that team on the roof then where will you go then this is more than half of the list I have, I have the list of all of them, more than half of them have a 24 meter road built on them, so the land belongs to the not one single.  The person who will check money is a plant and he, you, all these programs are happening and he is the Sarpanch and he is all positive. I would not like to go into it too much Neetu, many people will have problem in that but you have to give a hand that this will help you in getting rid of this thing.  There is absolutely no need to be afraid of the crematorium, when Bigg Boss has come many times, if someone has shown its photo then there is no such project which has not been left, everyone around makes it later, those are not used first.  The matter is not second order, so I clicked on this thing. Coming to the second thing and the revenue path, let us understand what is Ravi. Ravi does not keep the revenue path. Is it the time of time on the British? You must have seen two deeds, three deeds, karma, karma. How much is it to calculate? Okay, the path of four karmas and five karmas is going. People who used to live here used to go from one farm to another because now all the property is in the fields. Now its original Chittorgarh.  What was supposed to happen has happened, so when properties are coming up in the fields, they keep them there because historically no one can invest. If I know about the plan of builder on the second and parcel to the buyers, then I cannot buy this remedy route because  It does not at all make anyone think that it is one but it does not mean that Ravindra is going anywhere from Rastakhedi and someone or the other will be traveling on it and that buffalo is also there.  Will come and cow will also come and crop is being sown here, do not make any mistake with this, you have to see that when God is in Sushant, in this world, whenever you buy a plot and build a house, then there is a road in front of your house.  There is also one way, the revenue way. Tell him what is troubling you. No revenue way comes within the boundary walls of any project, it remains within the boundary walls and many times the project becomes a cigarette but it has water issues and so on.  Half the time it's going from where to know, when there was theft in Palam Vihar, then it turned out to be the same sector of Palam Vihar, people have made their own gates in this area and have set up guides, now tell me, people should not go on the legal route. Ravindra will give you the way, then forget the land in front of your house, like the one you see in Delhi, the same forest in Gurgaon, is it yours, but while talking about one car and the other, you also know that it is made of steel. Some other person can talk about his car even when the land is not yours, then the revenue route is also a misnomer, there is no need to worry about this, it goes through AT percent of the projects, it is the meaning like share exercise and someone has heard it in this like  There are many places in Kuwait, earlier the wells were gambling, but no one was seen doing them. On the well, if there is a well somewhere in the village, is it in whose name? In the name of the Sarpanch, in the name of someone.  There is no water in Nobody Can They Talk Over, it does not even come, then the original which is yours, it is considered very good, it is considered very good where there was water, you have drank water, it is considered to be there if you take a flight.  As for the property, it is a very good thing, the agricultural land, that and also the cremation ground, which the villagers have built. This is the story, that is why people, if you go to their part, used to make mausoleums of their ancestors in their fields so that they could come here and go there.  Do n't be so distracted by this, we are the devotees of Bhole in North India. We don't know how to get into the religious aspects in North India. I have been taking fans of these people, please calm down, what is there to be worried about, is there a red flag, he will also come.  It's not like I'll give away everything, I don't care, it's not just like taking everything, I'm telling you for the sake of glass that whatever is bothering me, I'm bothered by the dirty drain that is Najafgarh.  There is only a dirty drain and if you live 500 meters away from it, then there is a nuisance which is a product, you know, but even there the affordable housing is doing fine, so the affordable housing has things worth Rs 12 lakh on a dirty drain and the same flight worth Rs 1.25 crore. Loot for a flat worth Rs. 1.25 crore is a lot of money, isn't it Rs. 12-13 lakhs? Come on, this guy was living here, his budget is Rs. seven, eight, nine, ten thousand rupees, the rent is more then you D. If you want to see the level of tolerance, whether it is affordable housing or yours is top, then the tolerance labels will be different in both. What are other people doing at this time? You must be very busy these days, whenever you have a project, tell me something, let's go straight and see Sycamore on Google Earth.  They are seen pouring something left and right. The question is, is there a water drain? The drains you see on Dwarka Expressway are very good and the water flow in Gurgaon is in July and August. Because it is not a storm water drain at all but people say no, it is a dirty drain. Don't post there is no dirty drain because it itself would have become a dirty drain, which is fine in the end, so if you do not make a tomato train, then eat water.  Now people will say that this is water, this must be a business, it is a dirty drain, hey, that guy smells like this picture, he is a Najafgarh Lala Bhai Saheb, okay, no one was doing that, no one should take it.  Tell me the thing, within a hundred meters and in luxury, it is not required at all, okay, I have given you a job, I should not do it at all, now comes the next point about the force of high tension, you have to understand two-three things that according to the rules, it  The distance required should be approximately 317 meters, that is the return rule of the government and earlier the vibrations and sound used to be there, now technology has added an additional layer to it, so that too is yours, so practically that.  The distance between the falls can also be a meter, but in the paper sections, this is the distance, it is mandatory, so from the practical health point of view, there is no doubt about your height, tension is still there, it does not matter, Vikas has been kidnapped, he is fine, otherwise.  Also and distance from option but it is this team Bigg Boss visually so if you are taking ultra luxury or luxury or premium the bill is 80 90 lakh crores  If people give many awards, it means that the eyes are kept standing by such dinosaurs, it does not look good, then that place has to be left empty below them, but if the same thing is happening to you in double, then this is what Bigg Boss is doing.  There has been a big difference on half the health but if it is affordable, then I am getting this thing 1718 for 20 lakhs, death is worth 25 lakhs, if this thing is being found here then the person who is living in a very poor location.  remained Earlier that person was living in a very poor location, now he will get progress but what are all the things you people are doing wrong, what are you doing, ultra luxury luxury premium Deendayal Affordable, now every person is doing the same practice.  Rani Mere should not have even one of these, there is no such project, you write in the comment section that if it is so, these two or three projects are not projects, take any name, all are going in the big ultra project throw.  There is also a Brahma Dev luxury project inside 102, high tension is going on from one side of it, there is another one too, just inside the transmission, inside his father, those big ones, if they stand inside it, then they are going okay and  This one is Advocate, then after this we come next, in which you will get videos on YouTube, you will get the video of this builder's arbitrary seven months and like any new project of this builder will come dance, eat affordable, even if it is a big one.  That expensive video will start surfacing, oh that authenticity, if those 10 people are angry about someone, then you will just write off what is wrong with it, what is wrong with it, I am yours, I have put something like that, you are husband and wife are yours.  It is as if there is a fight over any festival and at the same time a news channel comes and puts the mic in front of the wife and they start bickering against the husband, this is all this money, now after that everything is fine. After six months, now they are having an anniversary or a function, some party is coming and when that ring image is shown then see what was happening on that day, tell the other half in the comment section. Whose responsibility is it to build the road? This is a gray area. Regarding the 24 meter road, first the government said that they will waive your ID from CID, if you reduce it then you can build it, then they said that we will build it, then they said that they will request the line.  Whose work is it, then it was a fallen zone, now it is becoming soft, if the 04 meter roads are affordable then no, there is no problem, yes, but taking a project of Rs 2.5 crore and the road price is going on, it can be ready black. Because there are a lot of records, you have to check that you are getting the tax certificate and NOC from the fire department, then brother, if the fire tender is not able to reach there to extinguish the fire, then how will it be available? This is sanctioned in many projects, there has been a lot of confusion in the government department for the last five-six years, but that thing is happening more now. 24 meter road near Gurgaon will start being built in 2 years and will be ready. There is also a side of Dwarka Express here.  What I checked is that they are intolerant and in this way they are saying that even if you build a 24 meter road, it will break because right now the enrollment of Dwarka Expressway is so heavy. Whatever they are building in the construction, first of all the garage will be built in the expressway, only then this expressway has become a very big thing because only after its construction, some bigger programs can take place, so today I am demystifying one thing.  The first thing I tried to do is that whenever you put a red flag, it is very clear that if you buy an Alto car and you buy a BMW, then the same strictness cannot be imposed on both of them. You understand that this edition of my work is only  ACD Horse Power Talk Pickup 9ice If there is a messed up chassis, then put your expectations accordingly in all those things and you will get something or the other in Gautam Bali below only because it is written in his name, so put those expectations accordingly and see that.  That aspirational brother of ours who is coming from the very bottom, he was living in village level one village or Jhuggi Jhopri type, his aspirational ones would be here, according to him, his meat would be  If you live here, want to invest and are trying to concentrate on this criteria, then you will never be able to buy anything, you have to be very clear, ever I have classified the significance as ac1.  ac2 ac3 sleeper class general bogie, expectations are different in each one, if you go to sleeper class and say, Chitthi has not received my blanket, my food has not been given to me, I have not got good food.  If this bathroom is not good, then it is like a class, there are so many seats in it, you will have to open the window for air, you are quick, this is not going to happen, so these were the points, please talk rationally again, there is no need to panic, many things went on.  Which thing will not go, will never go, and that is the sewerage treatment plant of the government, it has been installed, it has come next to the project, Rabi, if you have it then thank you, your life is from the government airplane and  But do research on which one has the bad smell and spend more time in it, do research on what should be the distance, tell that Urdu can be spoken up to 300 meters, up to 700 and where else it is coming, do research on it, these things are absolutely red.  Flag is a dirty drain, can never be changed, ok, don't buy it at all, why don't you buy it, and there is a big Rediff like in it and there is also non mic closed, these people are putting red flag, I am putting the red flag, rest of them are putting black. People have said that if it is there then I will take it but their Even is also inside it so you have to see all these things, you have to think that because of the new things that are coming, there is a lot of new and latest thing there.  Which you will not find in the old ones, the old ones are still not that cheap, the new ones are still so expensive but this difference will keep increasing in the coming time. So also do not be very afraid of things. You should be very clear for what.  Purpose and bank of your Akar for taxi purpose only so day in that you are the first month taxiwala like that is only one, neither is the Bolero taxi that goes in which people hang out so many and 15 20 people have to wait inside it. Rest of the things get compromised and you get very good returns on investment, the money in that too is very less, it also comes in very little money in driving, but if you enjoy the pleasures of your BMW, then that one.  You will not be able to get this thing inside CR 3.5, you have to see that the most important thing is to see in which price point and in which price segment it is available, then those are the compromises. Within this price segment, you will not be able to get so much Jhala compromise in these three CR 3.5 and  3.5 Seerwali is also expensive, that is why their land WhatsApp is also expensive, land parcel is also expensive because it has less issues or is not there, then all this is related to the price of land.  And the price of the end product is gender, that cremation ground is more fake than this should not vanish you anywhere etc. And Electronic Limited and will come Dwarka Expressway and on this side Gurgaon's hand like your Delhi that I you see Delhi has gone to any place.  Okay, the government will go to that and it will do it properly. How did you like the video? Did you get clarity or not? Please write in the comment section and share it with people. Thank you, A.