Hello friends, I have brought the prediction of 5 to 6 products in this school of your real estate for 2022, which I see are trends in 2022, so this video is going to be interesting, even if it is a little long, it will be good because all the products  I am going to cover the lots, what kind of plot, what will happen, the flights, the old, the new, the poor, the good, the bad, the small, the expensive, I am going to do that, I am going to tell about the affordable.  I am going to tell something about the end premium segment in this, I will cover everything well in this, I will also touch the commercial, I will also tell the logic, how the story will be planted, I will tell that too and as four or five months will pass and the trends will start appearing like that. I am saying that you please type in my name and even if you will not be seen then definitely tell me. I am saying that if you will be seen then let's start with the plot and then jump back and say that according to the market of Gurgaon, the plot too.  There are different types of plots, now we cannot blindly treat all the points equally, you have to see the plots, according to me, first I will give my opinion and then I will tell you what exactly has to happen, then you are wise to which category you belong to that.  To take decision accordingly, two things are necessary to take decision, what is the product and what are you. Whenever advice is given, you do not focus on the product alone, that is why there is concentration on personal life. So tell the product here and who are you, if you don't discuss it then the matter cannot be resolved then the plots have one slot only which are the plots of old sectors of Adda and those plots which have done Songs 160, their rates should now be kept low because the builder is  Floors cannot be made and sold and no person wants to build a house and live in a clean 100 yard plot. This is also a coincidence. It costs so much money that he has alternative sources in the new year. Customer Will Be Spoiled For Choices That With Date Particular Mode Of Budget He Can Have Choice To Buy A Lot Of Plots So The Plots Of Deendayal Upadhyay Have Started Trending At Very Message Price And The Supply Is Very Less Bitcoin Type  Friends, you can say that when a thing does not exist, it will be sold at any rate, someone comes and says, it is good, it is bad, it is applicable the other way, not this, this device is on the plot.  If it is applicable then I am talking about one or two and talk about the first six-eight months. Till June, prediction for the whole year is not possible. Market is very dynamic. Tell about the first six months. It is a protection to say this in the first six months.  It is bad that there is no need to say that there is a lot of trade happening inside it, Deendayal's plot in New Gurgaon will be worth Rs 115000, I am talking about nude, I should be there, why not?  If so, write in the comment section, whatever is there, I am telling you whose face has come, say anything without re Thara, there is no trace of it, jeans notes' rare has come, it is Deendayal Upadhyay's plot, I am telling you.  Which product is that story tunnel of sector 1 lakh 15 1 lakh 20 thousand 923? You can write in the comment section. If you can do it, then okay, then the second one comes from Deen Dayal. I still see value in producer Deendayal's floor because given how expensive the plot rate has become, then if you build something on it and divide it by applying cost of fund, then the floor you are getting will be very expensive.  Deen Dayal Upadhyay Fruits has some projects, the value of them is getting immortal. Why leave Amar because Pluto's rates will be so expensive. We cannot see in isolation, like what happens in the stock market, there are different sectors, there are different types of stocks in each sector, so if this number of any leader in Rana Khoj Director or Extractors stock is 2 or 3, then there is value in it.  While marching elsewhere the situation is dynamic. There is a lot of dynamic in the stock market and in real estate two of its people become definitely over a period of six months. So the advice for May-June of 2021 is no longer the advice for February-March of 2022. Deendayal Upadhyay Rhodes, if you guys are getting the payment well, then look for end juice or invest a little bit. Quantum Physics.  If you are looking for chemistry project then they will be a production and going ahead not only project but you will see meaning of and builder payment plan in all of them.  The rate will be kept the same, the concept will be the same, you will get an office in the basement, you will get 1/4th rights of the terrace and a tight Yash 3BHK or open 2BHK, this will be your choice and the prices will depend on the location and will be very from Chilka 212 crores 15x so one qualification more  It seems that the lowe selection is very much, it will be very prime, their end ones will come later, those who are out today  They are mostly with you from Rs 6570 onwards and there is value in them. Well, the third thing is that I have never covered you before, there are some flats which are old ones, the position has just been prepared and there will be rally and desire in them because the price.  God is fine, so the rate is king and the cow attitude is the lip rate, now it cannot be that for Rs. 1.25 crores, I am getting a thing of 2,000 feet, 19,000 feet and that is good.  That too and usually his 115 is hovering between 110 to 120 so now that can also be seen. At many places the prices are broken and so these things can also be seen because the premium that was earlier for Madhavan was not there.  When I used to shout my one by one and everyone used to say something else, at that time, how did the story change, this one was the one with Mayumma, the story elephant, then slowly, slowly, they will spread the poison.  Invalid dowry, we became like this, now it has happened that after crossing 9000 feet, I am talking about feet on minor on Dwarka Expressway, I am talking about super area, if you do carpet, it will become twelve, okay super area ₹2000, exercise introduced in the time allotted. CIDC is great for doing everything, so what is the rate, what is the total rate and in terms of deep square feet, people will say it is 8000 and on that, when you go to IDC.  If IDC GST is imposed then it will be reduced, then I had already predicted the increase in August. Dear Madhavan on Dwarka Expressway, those who are AC-2 and AC-1 will already become more expensive.  For the hero, we are Shapoorji type, I had plated him on Will Become Traces as specified in Diwali 2013, so at the end time, watch the video of David August, at that time, his price was that  By then it would have been around Rs 768668. Okay, now that's Bigg Boss's Thais, that would be more than half of that. Six months have gone by this year. Diwali is not yet here, you have 10 months time, so wear setting and nine hands.  From Zindagi One, whatever their prices are, they will increase by 10 percent 11 12 cents, according to the project, I told you and the interesting thing is going to be decided further, it is very interesting, going ahead you will see this.  Which road is this place? Remove its price from your mind. Earlier, people used to talk like this in city market, that road is average, that road is average, now it will not be like this, now it will be very-very project but contact like it's something in stock market. You can store it, you can't say no, this is all the work in it, soapy viruses are so much and the average brush is like this one and will not report it, let me tell it again carefully, then we also say New Gurgaon  The rate of is this, then the average rate is this, this and that is found on the side, I ignore the answer type, this is the average record, meaning of the rate, what are you doing, 90 are doing, the old ones are also doing, and they are in even worse condition.  They are also doing it because there is only one in 12 sectors, which happens to be the case, this also increases to 580 and if it has children, then it means the margin of skin is fame and decided for about three months back. You will see, a month ago I was saying that there are many people in the market in the market, in the market in the Mumbai market, in the market, subscribe my channel, if a brand caught them a lot, then if it is at ₹ 2000, then it will be entered on the ninth 657 basis.  50% 40 to 50 percent premium should be already commandant, I have said this as a prediction, in this I am just trying to collect what I have said earlier, so this is going. What is the new things which is going to happen in districts this year Donkeys Horses  Lame horses, lame donkeys, all will come, all will come, so now see if you understand which one to choose, you will be trading in lots. Next from now on comment.  The premium goes to the new district, I say AC two tier, the value of the projects which are under construction will also increase, you have to see that in all the products I am telling you, there are three ways of making money in investment, pay attention.  It is okay for you people not to understand that here you have invested and this investment will end, you can take any period like this, now the front increases in investment or has taken and increased and Bastar and Heera and then  Your position is done, then it falls here within many to increase, at the end, it has started to be made, after becoming complete love, everyone who is getting the position moves forward in many more projects and then the overtime gradually increases, if you also buy any investment.  It is possible that you bought a foot worth ₹ 100, it became 140 and then it increased so quickly to 145 140 135 and Happy Chairman Ashok Jairath, so at this time now it What happens in this is that the front work comes in this pack of relatives and this comes in the hands of many speculators and many people should not go into this because this is the importance which was covered in the video in the beginning that you  What is important is your money, what is your network, how much you can make, how much butter you can make, if you have leveraged yourself, what you were playing for it, as if it did not play for some reason.  The front one is already this  The play is done, you enter the plate and then do you have the ability to wait till here, it is up to you to see if you are considering this kind of money in this, such plotters come above the commercial, not in the commercial at all, in Gurgaon, very angry.  Now the danger of Omicron has come again. Okay, I am not saying that this will continue or should be worried. But there are clouds below. It is definitely an oversupplied market. It was already oversupplied and is still oversupplied.  We are stuck with great force and we are stuck, we are not able to bring people together, now that garage has increased so much, this is the rate I had taken at 16000 feet, now it has become 40 thousand rupees, good for you, very good, we will come to your commercial. Eat food, watch a movie, be happy, do that whenever the season is there, but you take it, you eat your fare, we will not buy it from you, not one, two, three, remedies, not to buy ours in Gurgaon market 20  There are different products which can be taken in different combinations and there is no chance of it flopping at any time because the number of people is increasing, people will go to sleep at night, to cook some of their food in the morning and to go to the bathroom and basic necessities. Sorry commercial, I will have to pay a lot of maintenance and let your shop run and then you will wait for when will he come, no one will do it one day Arjun will come and will come then he will see you how I talk about investor apps. SDO heard the story that it is being sold, look, this is a plot, you will make this much on the plot, this skit will come out, this is how the rate will be for the first time, send a commercial because of Britain, remember the second thing, you will get it at the rate of a premium model and that means Mallya.  The good ones are running, not all of them are running, those that are running are normal people, they show photos of running, survey worshiped by, look, it is running, no one shows it from inside, today no one has the courage, no one is in a mall.  Too Leave MS Word, leave this man to have fun, why does no one have the courage to go inside and take photographs, it is fine to collect photos anytime during the day, man, but still people are a little more visible from outside, I will quickly show that too.  Which was built 15 years 20 years ago, where there is a new path in the established market, there is a saying that before village settlement, these communities were in eight hotspots, meaning those who want to take money.  If it is ok, then the village will be affected first, then it will be needed, you have already built the road, there is no sewerage in the 24 meter society, commercial is not ahead, people will come here and it will be so many foot folds in the commercial, then it is ok, I have bought it here. And if it was made then it was going to be a 50,000 office, it has made 50,000 here, we should go high, we will come now, come on or else Dayavanti that we will be seen made no where, this is the judge's so much, she is  There may still be some value in buying in the mature amateur market, I will make a video for this if you want, there are very good subscribers in the rear who are doing very well so that you can go there, you can get 5,000, 10,000, so whatever.  List List You can check in your share market, where is their tab, how much is theirs, how much they give, they cover different cities, they cover different types of properties in different cities.  These are all that you can take and if you buy dhoti then you will be covered in Pune, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Gurgaon-Delhi, the entire market where something good is happening, wherever it is expected to happen, okay, that is very good instead of any commercial in Gurgaon.  It is okay to get stuck in SU, let's come to the side of SDO 113 114, if the horizon is 10 years, be looked into web stats for the rest, there is a lot of room for very speculative and  113 Products will still be launched in 2014, they will become residential in a month or two, they will become residential in 5 to 6 years, so those who have bought this U, do not think that something is going to happen in six years, something is going to happen to them in five years, this is a snake.  You have the power to catch it, you spent two and a half to three and a half to four lakh rupees, you are thinking that yes, it will be 6, 7, 8 lakh yards, you will have to wait for 10 years, then you will get the cash from it.  I was thinking of earning, I wish nothing would come, the dead body of a person is lying there, studies will remain, if they make it a building, they will make it, but someone from nearby is going to come immediately, but you have so much money, sometimes what happens to a human flower is so big.  It happens that she has been exposed to the big portfolio only Can Afford To Buy Such Things Women Want which is exposure tour residential this back portion to premium very ultra luxury only sex power to share see everything Similarly, want this also in a portfolio, this friend, habit, people, date and time set, first of all I said that you people should see who you are, who you are, you will define that if you have to take this or not, then SDO is for very very rarest of.  For rare and them, you can connect, I will tell in this, I am telling right now, 114 Mu, hence the goods will be available here and it will also be fine, but it is not that dangerous, everywhere else is very dangerous.  The place is lined up, there are all kinds of things, last but not the least, which everyone should do, if anyone can do it, it is for everyone and come in 2022, brothers and sisters, if you have not bought affordable then 2022 is the last chance. I would also say that initially the first half only, I don't think it will be affordable after six months, whatever information is available today, then wherever it is available, please like it and  Affordable is to be taken because Gurgaon's real estate story will be written in details whenever I have listed it. Affordable Veeravathini 15 Health Value Withdraws Special Leave Today Whoever took it will and she will never repay the test will be question opposition property and all affordable I will tell people please do not buy to sell, this is a cash account, this is always the cheapest property in Gurgaon. These will remain the cheapest even today. Even if they double after 5 years, they will still be the cheapest. They will never come cheaper than these and they will remain the cheapest, so their rental demand will always be there and if someone has to sell in an emergency.  Liquidity will also remain the same, so you can see it this way. My last one was affordable housing and Chup Hath is an ultra premium project. There are five Devi and very well monks in Gurgaon. Not much supply is available from it.  It is not coming in the comments. It is definitely not coming in that much quantity from the deputy as it is still available in the community. So if you apply fresh anywhere then it will cost 14 15 16 18 ₹ 2 of ultra luxury in the coming year, 2 years, 3 years. Be more Indians team, listen to existing in, see, take and understand because it is boiled, hence welcome and premium are forwarded because new goods are coming.  Must have been or in ultra luxury, it will be on share price and will be more than one and a half dangerous, how many lips, if now they are available at 50-60 flat in ultra luxury, then tomorrow it will be 310, which will be very less in the coming free play.  A very big player will come in the comment 186, ultra luxury will be done, a layer will be done on some golf course roads so that those who are counted, that one will come in your ultra luxury.  I will do this, I have told the price and specification that it should be fitted inside. Definition of AC three tier two AC Subscribe Subscribe But due to the division of segments, they can increase 30 likes in quite because right now Deendayal's floor thing  Bhi Vansh yaar touch karne lag jaayenge meaning and talking of CBCID CGST PLC all together it will start doubting Vansh yahi jo aisi tooth aakhri  Deendayal Vice President Soch, if I say it in this manner, then its own update will be no less than that. Answer: The expensive ones which I used to say above two go in that packet, now they will go above two and a half to three. On this too  The Journey is Forward 1000 Table Times for Real State of the Last Lear Between 2010 to 21, we saw things increasing. Now this will be the time of consolidation. Iodine ji did not take it, take that too.  It is possible that this celebration will be late but the speed that was seen in the plots will be there now but will it happen in a short time? Thanks to be seen because 5243 can subscribe and you have actors there worth lakhs of rupees.  There is Gajret, which I remember as a doctor, of 100 yards and 160 catches. Deendayal Bhai is also coming in the same, okay, buy it for a little less, but he is new.  If these people eat Gurgaon then this mismatch is much more. If the government increases the Fir tomorrow then it is okay for Pluto then the rates will increase again. What is the plot, what affair can it increase today? Then how much are you but six more.  Do you think that the cost of living which goes to 16% 20 cent list and cannot be used in the carpet, can people go to the government and get it increased by working together with NDA? You write in the comment section how much difference it will make, tell me. Okay, so how did you like this video? Tell me that in the new year, I am going, then hop on any different segment which I told, it will be good in your decision making, if you are an AC.  If you are a three-tier person and are looking for videos, then increase your budget a little and enter this channel by taking Rs. 20, because if you do this, you will become big when India progresses in two-three years, then push a little harder, that is.  Option Advice And Boy In The Book Where The Balance Late Against Money Voice Against Little But In A Good Payment Clark In Na Payment Plan Late Porn Happens Faster And More Money To Steal Or Anywhere You Get True And It's Very Rare Na Hoti Hai Very Low  If you get the space, the construction will be complete. Less money is being taken from you. We have taken time in time. I have liked many and there are some timeless properties. You can think of adding them. Any queries?  Have any question you can connect and dedicated for road and platinum membership for hui people you govind direct video what are the fox thank you want to become a platinum member and lord of clans and platinum members so you can welcome platinum member and  Tube Someone Please Do Take Off WhatsApp Archival Telegram Group for the Thank You Went