That Hello friends Gurgaon Big News Coming It's Raining Money 2700 Crore CM sir has just set the alarm Listen to its salient features First of all a lake will be built in Najafgarh lake side in 92nd after marking the area and it will be well deep water will not be left or right anywhere.  There will be very big news, the bus stand of Old Gurgaon, which is called the bus stand of Gurgaon, is being shifted to 15 in a line.  It will be a very good news and also for the villagers because city bus service will run from there, so this is very good for my favorite project call, 100 times mini secretariat will be built well if you go for registration, if you buy something, then go to the bus stand bus.  If you have a computer for taking photographs in two rooms at the stand bus stand, then this proper mini secretariat department has given a very good name of Rs. 1250 crores for drinking water and separately for pipelines and sewerage lines.  Very soon the entire money was allocated for Dwarka Expressway also, so Rs 3000 is very very salient things and you have to be very excited as you have already bought property in Gurgaon and you stay in Gurgaon Noida will talk to something more important this  Things like this will not go down on Twitter, academy will come down and will write first feel potholes, now Gurgaon first field is this wali road.  This negativity is neither the spokesperson of the government nor of any particular party, nor of any particular leader. I want to say one thing to this person, first great job here, cigarette, married first year with your perusal of how to speak first love, this one thing.  First in happening something else, tell me below, something good is happening in life, okay then why this but this first means it is like you are getting married ji, our marriage and no father-in-law. Will say, first house at first, there are cigarettes on forced labor, luxury cars, what is this logic, there are potholes in Gurgaon, things and some things are bad which should be fixed, why did they get spoiled, I will tell you that they are being made from Jhansi, as long as they are made there and the kurta remains, it will keep breaking.  Today I want to tell one thing to many people because there is a lot of news coming on Twitter, yes, when you bought that light, there was no sector on the ground, so you would have got it cheaper if there was a very smooth road there.  So When Shubhesh left, everything was great, all the street lights were working, all the plants, the entire water authority were there, everything was great and you left.  And then it got spoiled, it was not there, you builder made the thing, he took a note of ₹ 100 by the rate, he took ₹ 24, these promises were checked earlier, many times, even before the infrastructure is built, the builder turns you away, even then he takes you away.  You will have to be ready, the infrastructure is visible, take it, do it, it will be expensive, then everything is quite afraid in the price, I am absolutely united, not the Rudra government, the employees have offices, nor the developers, skin has no role to play and it is absolutely impossible to plan their role.  I am not doing this either, but I am also giving a different perspective that today if you go late on Dwarka Expressway and start seeing ATS in your blood, then there is Atul Mitti Todegi Express.  So now it is being done, now by showing its photo every day, it will be filled with water because storm water drain is being built and sewerage is being carried, so it will take one and a half year to complete the entire program, so after that program is done, take a photo and show it.  Now how is the status, everything is in price and look towards price positivity, what is the big money, because when all these small things become dark, then what things will emerge pricing?  According to that, many people will be provincial about the pricing of Dwarka Expressway. I am making the latest video on it. If you want then please write dual. I am also going to make it according to the inventory. Many people are also fond of that thing. Then many  People are leaving and even if the sales officer is not available then it has become difficult. After the sales, who will do the sales? If it is not available at my shop then the shopkeeper will not be available at the shop. You have come to see the suit, be a little late by being a.  e r  Friends suite will come, new tower will be launched, okay then we will know and the rate is not 9 thousand rupees, it is too much, some 98 months ago people used to say 5 and a half thousand rupees, so I would like to make that video in detail, if you want, please make it in the video below.  Do visit the comment section to see the latest happenings of Gurgaon real estate, what is happening around, how things are getting better, how they can become better, like the focus of the government.  The most soothing thing was the setting of the Chief Minister telling that brother, the whole of Haryana is lovely, but there is something different about Gurgaon. This word which came out of his mouth, escalates things to issues, commitment, focus, development, government also recognizes the village, this light of Haryana, Haryana.  She is proud of Gurgaon and one more thing she doesn't even tell me that all the ministers will face any district or city problem, we along with the Chief Minister are in charge of this.  That's why he said that the development officials coming to Gurgaon so frequently are looking at the directory, as if every minister is looking at different districts, then the CM himself is looking at the one, so should he call it CM City, Film City, first call the city.  So do we call it CM City, this bus used to run, do you know which flat, there is no name of the city, it was written directly on it, so can it be written on the buses here?  You have to see, it was a bit of a joke, don't take it too seriously and he differed till this point, during this time, this city of Haryana, hello my dear, you were honest and blissful, he studied before looking and future, then pick up brother, see a pit, this Look at the dust, if there is an inclination, then the honey will be long and there will be formation, okay, those pits will also be filled, okay, and the land will be fine, okay, then the responsibility is important and positivity.  It is important to give the message that whatever good is happening, what is being said is good, we have to focus on that also, to focus on the rest, if you subscribe to the news channel that yes, all these things should happen, then invest in exciting things in it. Three to four people live in villages. Something is being made for them and it will be made. Okay, think of buying something in the third. I am checking. The fourth who will never buy this and here will keep comparing with someone else will say that it is useless and expensive. So this is the last fourth among the four.  remove the rest  There is a stake of three. Which of these three are you? Please write in the comment section. One heart-to-heart or three. Okay, so that I can have an idea, I am one to be and  I will not come to three, I am one to two, I am my self- dependent declaring myself, I am invested with myself and a lot of mine is also interested in me, the government also has a dress that Gurgaon should do very well. Gurgaon may be a very good city at the rate of Pune, it is a pity and I will tell about the good things that will happen, I will also cover the bad things that will happen and will happen, but as much as needs to be covered, it will not be a positive question at all. Here the logic of negativity will be there all the time. The glass is half empty. It has to be seen whether it is half full or not. Don't get confused about half empty. Whether it can quench my thirst or not, it has to be seen practically in live.  Tell me how you liked the video and share it with people. Thank you very much.