Hello friends, Gurgaon, this is some updates of the state, a project of 225 flats was sold out completely in New Gurgaon, it was of a listed player, there was a very good response, its 225 flats were only 310, 320 till UAE, as far as I know, all of them were settled, many people were not in it.  In decision making, you should have bought a flat which was at the price point, people sleep in it, sometimes what happens when you just  If you are getting a vacant seat, then you keep saying good, bad, good, bad, but when you have to go to Chandigarh from Delhi bus stand, you are saying that there you keep saying good, good, backward, but when you board the Karnal Bypass and  If you keep standing then as soon as you go to the horoscope and the seat becomes vacant, then John C is vacant, you take it, so it was like that, those who accepted 225 means 75 people who were rejected because it was only 450, keep the price like this.  Very-very good, this is the end of the update. I have to give one more update on this, there is one more project, this is Value for Mani project, that too is a very good project and I would say better than this. And tell me, this was sold out, it is super, I am  I have collected a project from this in Gurgaon, if you want to know about it, okay then you can WhatsApp me, I will build another hotel in alphabet, I will show you to samjhaunga, that too will be programmed in two-four days, okay, it is not under construction.  It is also better than this. It is better than this. It has 100% butter. I will also prove it. It does not mean that it is bad. The one I got here was very good. But brother, there is another one which is very good. Listen to the story of that too, okay.  So that is a very big Aravali, have you seen it, the one with 10000 safari, I have made videos earlier also but now it is becoming enough, it has progressed, Kam Saheb has gone there twice, it is okay, there is investment of lakhs of crores. But the starting auctions of what is happening in Gurgaon will now start happening in November, we will know and the land parcel option is of 1,000 acres, 1,000 acres, so these are positive things which are happening in Gurgaon now.  jmdna Which agency is maintaining all the roads, whose number is it and who is responsible? If they have asked for the ID of the road, then now that road is no longer there.  Is there any gym inside HSBP, is there any road inside Diya, is there any road inside your MG, are there any different agencies, then all that will be told so that if anyone has any problem there, has any problem, has to take a photo and give it, if there are issues, then this will be enough, this will be less.  Sir himself gave the idea and according to me it means it will see good results in the next two-four months because otherwise the citizens know that there is a standard cry that it is not right, it is not right, but such a big thing.  Yes, it is a city, so if you know to whom to take the photo of the buffalo, to whom to complain, which is the email, which is the phone number, which is the agency in charge, then when you go to them, they will give a simple answer.  The thing is, my name is written on my road that I am responsible, something has to be done about this road, whether I want to tell him or not, I will send a tender for it, I will do it, but that documentation will be done. That brother, it will be fine in a month, it will be fine in 15 days, it will be fine, so this is it again, a very very good dolphin path is being built at many places, model roads are also being built in Gurgaon, the contract for 100 less will be built in 2025. It is small, it has 30 km of internal roads, so it is gradually expanding towards a great city, it also has face treatment plants, it has plans to come to different places.  I will not go into details about it otherwise it would be a very long video, but in the Swachh Bharat rankings, Gurgaon has made a lot of improvement since last time, I think it has also come at number 19 and it also gets comments on that. New-  It is dirty like new, still it is not getting better, she is rating, he is doing calculation, he is doing report card, it is okay, if the child also gets some marks in school, then come and he can get marks, he is still far away from becoming a topper.  No, he will not get a job, but there is some mechanism to check whether he is healthy or not, he also gives weight, he can be thin, he can be fat, he will have to take something, so there is data and work in progress, all good trends are happening while he is there. For the project that is going on, you have to see there, the story is being played out very well, so you have to do more Hotel H4 Hindustan, you have to WhatsApp me, you have to connect, thank you very much.