That Hello friends, Good for Real Estate Prices Prediction, we will discuss the upcoming products in the future, their estimated prices, you will get to learn something under the formula, again and now this channel focuses more on teaching, but cooked and cooked, you people get less.  Hai Dino, many people live in short time, so we just have to give them this message with great pleasure that if you do not have time to learn in life, if you do not have time to learn for any reason, then not doing any place.  Before discussing about running running very fast unto death related, we will talk about the fact that you have 2 AC three tier duct, I keep talking, I keep talking, so according to them, you can say that in the last one year, tell me, those people who joined the journey.  This year's price is the same with me which we used to see the price of AC two tier, a year ago now he has been mayor of this three and has jumped from this to Jhansi and was not till there.  It seems that this forest is also heaven above, but there has been an increase in AC-2, the rough pricing has reached 1.0495, the AC 3 ones which were once available to us till 1658, will be sold up to 1.11 125 by tossing them, some in such market.  Miss Price is Brickbats Me. Anyone who wants to understand can WhatsApp me MB but today we will discuss the upcoming products and their pricing so before that you all  People who are interested in real estate look at newspapers, send articles here and there, there will be WhatsApp groups and Telegram groups too. You guys have seen that the two big real estate deals that have taken place in the last two months are on a golf course extension in the market.  The player from Mumbai has to buy many acres of land and one is in 16 sectors in Dwarka Expressway, so this is the fixed commercial bill, he has to buy that pricing, if you understand, we  Let's understand that yes, it will be okay, now let's see how much it costs, if you know the rate of the cloth and you know the rate of stitching, then can you guess how much will the shirt cost? Brothers and sisters, you can guess. No, take this decision, take ₹ 1000 and if you have taken so much and you will need so much clothes, then that thing has also been explained to you. If the builder has taken it, then it will be C And one more thing will have to be added here, I will tell you what is the cost of correction which will be ₹ 3000 square feet, whatever frills are found these days, the channel people in Stop Corruption complete the physical cost.  You will make a floor inside your room, along with it you are not making any ads in it, the club house is making it, you are not making a jogging track, the teacher is not making it, you are not doing landscaping, there is no club house.  If you are building a gymnasium, if you are not building something, then it stops the construction. Sometimes people stay there. I had built a house in 1819, what was its specification and you did not install anything else. If you built that house as your own, then it is a custom function on top of that.  Now the profit margin that the builder will make is there and there are so many big projects or big projects have been taken up in the last 10-12 years, then subscribe to them. Marketing fails to visit in a part too.  If we have to go to Mussoorie, that too, the marketing budget comes from a seal, so when you calculate it, the figure will be Rs. 20,000 broken glass. Script A Golf Course Extension guy's okay, the minimum is as per his choice even above that. As many subscribers will be available in the market, if you are an old timer then keep him in jail, from now on, it is okay to sell them at cheap prices. If you have seen below Mumbai by name.  They have different offices, because Land Acquisition Law, if you go through our video, it would have taken the life out of it. The builder will just know when will I get the light tomorrow, which means that he is done making clothes or he has to go.  Cloth is made inside the mill, right? He will take the ready-made cloth. Tailor Master, sit. Okay, when he exits, if the builders do not want to enter that mess, then there will be no interest for four years.  If the system is not colloidal then you will understand then when the line is ripe, there is change in land use, everything is ready for a license, you just have to take beta, make your own design on it and get it passed, then this land parcel is with the old deposit builders who  It is okay to sell the blend and we are selling it now, use good quantity otherwise it will never be sold again. Understand all this. The second thing which you all need to understand is that as much as Deputy  If sugarcane and potatoes are allowed, you will put them four times in the machine to extract juice, you will put them five times and then you will pass the maximum, if you put them twice, then the density you will get will be as much as it is allowed. Further, in Gurgaon you will get a 50 storey house.  Will start looking normal even till 40, it is comfortable in five, Volvo Golf Course Extension is more fine, which could not be done earlier, 2060 were subscribed, it is fine, then Dwarka.  Expressway 33351 subscribe, if the upcoming time will pass then the size will increase that if they get within half a minute and loot price consumer price history very customer then that line there if I have to keep the ticket size so much that after seeing this much further a meat audience is watching jokes  If it is then that size will keep getting smaller. Like a packet of Maggi, translation is called the result notice. I am seeing that many people from Hisar to Karnal come for shopping. Related that  And women come to Gurgaon with their husbands. The rooms seem small. If you are in contact with the rooms in Hisar, then if you are in contact with the rooms in Karnal, they will seem small and will continue to appear smaller. If you mix the budget a little through Ultra.  This means that leaving aside the budget of Rs 1.5 crore, we have made a small escape room in which we have our own display. Here the drawing room is only this big and instead of comfortably taking out a 4bhk room, you have sold tea in it and taken out the big ticket.  -elder  Okay, and if you compare it with the above, then you will not be able to get a property in Gurgaon, for example, if you take Gurgaon to Mumbai, you will not be able to get what you get in 2BHK in affordable housing. People with 2 BHK used to come there for four part first year so that they will not see what city this is, what is the per capita income here, how much is the per capita GDP. And how much is the exact amount, will he book it directly from Hisar Karnal or if not he will be able to take it but the rates are now the quantity of read, listen to the rates even in small towns of Haryana, the rate of Mahendragarh Narnaul is coming out which you become circuitous but this is yours.  Those who are on GT Road, you come to Delhi from Chandigarh, these ones and your one from Rohtak, Even from Hisar, instead of lakhs of rupees, you get the common rate of this Doob School in Rohtak, Hisar. Subscribe, now that will start happening, subscribe will give you one of your own everywhere and will connect you to the people from small cities. If you subscribe, then you will have to worry about how to do it. In the coming times, you will stay connected. Now whatever times I go, I will.  B is telling now worry not doing test as per September starting something big for the mask 15 20 days mixed I will do some real estate course live in a structured ok then from that  You can catch a job, you can subscribe like you will get subscribe which is interested here below interested in not interested all the things in subscribe start one more and subscribe ss teach which is not studied in any school or college.  No everyone will sit in their information and state their number, then I would like to make number one playlist clarity and you guys number two. Everyone would like to join in writing platinum.  Do n't give subscription even at Rs 90 because you need to pay gym fee only then if no one comes to open gym then it will be membership only, then set [music] again and enjoy this good meeting twice and stay healthy.  Stay chamber is fine please check date wise in exact date and tell me if it is fine then thank you for that.