Hello friends, the first day of jail ad six, lock poster launch, more than twelve hundred units, I know that the application number was more than 1979, which is the running number, it was started around 18 thousand 850, it will be heard every night only at night.  If 12 to 2-300 applications are received then there is a very good response. The project has happened in the opposite over itself. Khelo Godrej is telling this that he is calling, what happened, what happened, searched, nothing happened.  You also have full time, the date written in this chapter is 24th December, you can apply comfortably, there is no hurry, a little affidavit has been added in it, it seems like a lot of effort is being taken that people are not understanding anything. And now there won't even be people to explain, after the first day, it's just that yes, there is no one to hold your hand, if you have to do whatever you want to do, I had told you earlier also that when no one will understand, no one will understand.  If you don't tell me, then they show me like a hero, you are okay, so I am, but I am also not there, if you want to help me, service will take time, it will also cost a little, you can see according to two pizzas, okay.  This is so date on YouTube Decide Angry Birds Interested to understand U can connect with me on WhatsApp I will explain with After today no one will understand Jail for this you will get this phone This is useless Yes this is not good  Yes, it has happened, there is nothing like this from Jio which has such a good response on the first day. Mi Ji's figure has also crossed it like Vatan friends subscribe and subscribe don't first day only, so notes, if there are few units then the management can remove some of the quota. 862 bells ring, so if 12th class has come, then it is 1.6, it is okay to give it first, then the project is good, many people are still thinking about it.  It is 24 meters, it is going on the road, go there and see, many people in the village, village, village, village, village consider you very bad and it is at a good location from Dadi Sati, Very Good Friday, you want its details, it is a subscribed project, you should like this.  This kind of thing is available in Agartala in Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh and anywhere in district Bihar, it is fine for you and not in Hazaribagh, if anyone is telling you such a name, I will get it there also, take it because if  You are getting 3 BHK in three rooms, fourth followed four rooms, two bathrooms, two balconies, how much is the balcony, and you are getting the kitchen for Rs. 27 lakhs, which is less than the on-road price of an Innova Crysta, so I keep asking in that too. I want to ask the wards in another thing from this very confusing whole India is such a big country ours from Kanyakumari to Kashmir left right Kutch to Assam any place in the whole country I am again  Repeatedly, the cords will seem a bit irritating. How many districts are there in the entire country? How many states are there? Anywhere you have to convert 65 plus 150 about 800 square feet carpet area equal to 1208 super area to be 3BHK under construction in less than 28 lakhs.  If you are getting it then please tell me about number one clarity and real estate of India, I will get it. Thank you ji, I did not know what is the condition, under construction, new loan, 3 years old, not torn, at some place, it is made of loot from someone else, although you will find it on the tower, you will not find it, but it is not there anywhere in the new one, so when  This thing is not available anywhere in India at this rate, anywhere, even on your Yamuna Expressway, where there is not even a person in sight, watch their YouTube videos, a man shows the properties in a 15 minute video.  seen somewhere in this video  It also comes and goes, it is not visible, even the car is not visible on the road, okay, in such a place also the rate is more than this, then this is your proper settled area, here the pyramid is put up on rent, Gurgaon University of active sector. Your Kherki Daula is coming, it will be finished within March 23, your Dwarka Expressway is being built from the side, your Multi Utility Corridor is going, your Pataudi's six laning is being done.  8th, Flipkart's logistics hub of 140 lakhs is coming near you and if you do the story which is being used by Manesar, then you are the iron man of all these things, you have to be in this area anyway, the only effect of Kherki Daula is 15 to 20.  There will be cents and that Chowk will be connected to CPR and everything, then people will realize how much time it takes to go from Rajiv Chowk to the sectors inside your Golf Course Extension. You will reach this area in much less time than that or the realization will come and from there, now I have given this area three tier AC, so that premium project is also enjoying, although freedom in this is my world's time now.  But I am carefully read loop till tabs data weakness in three four months will see how the trends will inch Switzerland beautiful AC three tier location area witch in school  According to this district, there is a box of 65 kilometers, how many houses are there in it, how affordable are they, a separate video will be made on that, today I was at 6 from the district, so this distance is less that it is going on, it is not over, do n't misunderstand his call.  It's over there, it's over for him, I don't understand why people don't tell the truth that it's over for me, it's not in my interest, you see, whatever you have to do is fine, then you don't have to do that, the people coming forward are also good and  If you are a good person and subscribe, then definitely try your addiction. In India, we play for half percent, point for one percent. When we give UPSC exam, when we give exam for government jobs, here it is four and more than that. So here I can say that if you are one out of four, then your chances cannot be less. If anyone does more Mussoorie now, otherwise the charge may be 50% of the exit, but because I have now made this video of mine.  That brother has to do this note and it is easy 3rd 4th day do it easily people who do not understand how to prepare one and fill it You can connect with me I will try my best to help you handle Requested forward How did you like this video Long time  After getting tired in the evening, likes are made and please subscribe, enthusiasm increases in the arm [Music] Hole No. 90, a few videos, subscribe, there are very few left on this updater.  People appointed everywhere are facing different types of job challenges, they are facing challenges, they all will study to rest in hindrances, okay, I subscribe the video, keep applying comfortably on Jail S, the chance of getting out is 50% but maximum but.  Even if it falls, it will still remain at twenty-five percent. Indians playing on point five will get 25 percent leave. Times More Than Vote Kim and Multiplayer Mod.  It is a good thing to take that so please share this awareness with everybody, now don't ask for it from another place where the goods are not being sold and they do n't even ask me because I do n't say bad things, you just keep getting angry with people, so I don't mind you even a little. I will be diplomatic, okay, now I will become so diplomatic, so you understand, it is okay, being on the diplomatic side is not a good thing, okay, then the rest of you are intelligent, thank you.