Hello friends, we all have heard about general literacy, it is India 's top, without even touching the percentage of it, many people are spreading literacy through different platforms, it is also increasing, but another thing is that. IS DO AND THAT VERY FEW PEOPLE ARE DOING THAT IS ALSO VERY IMPORTANT THAT IS REAL STATE EDUCATION QUOTES I WILL NOT SHOT DESTRUCTION BUT WILL BE AND THE PREMIUM SUBSCRIBE IS TO MY CHANNEL BECAUSE AND  Discerning truth and design happens otherwise it gets spoiled in destruction so my request to you guys is if you want to join them in acting in which you will get opportunites to see it will be Gurgaon specific I have already told you guys so as you go  In the same way, subscribe, you were waiting for me to subscribe to the premium, you all will know, now I will do it in a very backward, defined and your product will get a lot of people's attention.  The biggest problem I have faced is that if you take it in the market then you have to subscribe to subscribe the channel. Bank balance is not there behind the decision making. Then we keep asking how is this, how is that, how is this if you are following.  That's it, I'm looking, okay, as you're seeing, and now they don't have the money to buy, they ca n't be in the mood right now, they don't have the money, they don't need it or they don't have it, but the day the money came, it happened suddenly, so please.  This  I tell people that you can also do window shopping, you can add what is happening in the market and what is interesting about it, you people and I tell you that you have bought your property in this project from the list, okay, you are already familiar with me.  You are connected and you are interested in knowing about your purchase in a project, what is its rate, how many units have been given in it, what is the condition of that project because it could have a son a year ago, now what is its rate, which new tower? Inventory is being launched  Check how much it is Interesting Vikas We spend time on Netflix, watch some time on cricket, list useless KVs on Facebook and these vegetables on social media, this is our money, a lot of money is invested, it will take a lot of money, it is not tight there  If you do, then I have a request to all of you who are my normal sir subscribers and have not yet become premium, then look at ₹ 10, you can become my diamond member, this is to vote on team piece, if you do not have inverter then you have to vote for every vote.  You will have to remove it, it is not that if you give them, they will happen automatically, you will have to take them every time and in that I am good 2526 short wave in it is okay not very long but what they mean of bananas will not be on Sunday in this broom  In my different, 370 is a different thing, but it is equal in this, subscribe for free, but this is a real estate cooperative, where I take tissue paper and explain.  I know that this is so much, this is so much that I subscribe every now and then, I cook it completely, I type the review live, then it also has your questions and answers and that from now on, I am going to make it more interesting, so I am trying to make it more interesting for my audience as much as I can.  Those who are still newly joined, he has a request to all of them that they should take premium subscribe worship for one month and see, in one month you will definitely benefit and if you get benefit then you will also take the next month's subscription. Because my suggestion is that if you take it every month and use it, then you will become a walking Wikipedia in the next 2 4 6 months. Good for real estate. Your level of awareness will be high, you will welcome, interesting personality, people will ask.  Yes, yes, tell me, it is okay because whatever I tell you as a family teacher, I am okay with that journey, it is a short journey, there should be information and there will be more learning as well.  There will be a mix of both the things and there will be power for 2230 minutes and I have taken a chord from you guys on the Telegram group of my premier subscribed, which is the convenient time right now, everyone is finding the maximum, so we will do it on time.  And its recording which will be valid only for one or two days will not be more than that so that you have to watch the recording to see it, you are not able to ask only questions in the recording and those energy levels are not there in the recording, don't No weather you believe in these energy levels on 9 things that will convince you in life. Time will not be wasted according to all of you. Quickly, immediately, absolutely. This is the data of which you will sit like a class with your stomach and will make your notes like this, then you will  Have taken check real estate, have bought, are trying to buy, are searching for this also. There are three types of people, have been there, want to take or will take further degrees, so you people are in all three categories.  This will benefit you and you will open a diary type 'Mere Naam Tu Aap' and there is a project on it and it will continue to be made, then you will know about 2021, what are the accounts, then you will know about 2022, then about 30, then you will start connecting the dots, Abhinesh level. Yours will start growing. You have got brochures in them, they have videos, you have made a folder on it in your laptop, Amit Sharma New Song Live Sutras Webinar Research and Data, if it is ok then that data will come to you, you fold it in that.  Keep doing it in 3 to 4 months, it is possible that if you are not doing a job or you will attend your wife, then it is my full belief that you will get a job worth Rs 40 to 50 to ₹ 5000. No 1134 I am saying lucky.  I am saying this after thinking a little, if you will also add your wife who is not working and that once more in which how much investment is yours and what is yours?  Method Sister Rupis is okay, the above mantra is okay in three, four to five months, oil monk, good night, then you guys try it and see, the time of these vegetables is coming, it is a lot of fun to teach in the winter time, it is fun to study too. He comes there, there is a little bit of exploration and in the environment of technology, I will take this capsule and will enjoy a lot that this India needs to know arguments to know what. If you see this by subscribing, then these people have come back.  You all have to do this by pressing the joint button. I will give you those who have them separately. How does it happen? It is so easy to get membership if many reject it. As soon as we go south and climb the hill, we fall down.  So, if you are not able to do a little in many things, then the question is that if you want this kind of membership on its platform, then whoever wants my membership can join me on WhatsApp, I will give them an invite to Telegram Lukka Group, we will see improvement Commander Telegram Group.  Because all the links are there in Avinash's Doob Kshetra, don't group, I will not share them individually, I will put them on that group. Tubelight. Whenever you people come, please see it. Thank you.