Hello friends, I have brought some pricing of Gurgaon real estate market which is going on till the 1st of May. Just last week, the price of cotton in the hottest project has increased by ₹ 500 square feet in the country, as many as this two tier AC first.  There has been an increase of ₹ 2000 from the big project which was more expensive than the bigger project, and that 16 thousand rupees has gone to the feet. This year the golf course extension event is yours.  There were 2137 more items of Deendayal, the rate of which has increased from Rs 350 to Rs 400 per square feet. Those who were thinking for a long time that the rates will be further reduced or will see, the rates will not increase, the rates will not increase.  So they keep saying that if it is not increased, then Zee News is that ₹ 500 has been increased in all the projects, there is no such project which covers all the projects by ₹ 500.  It has increased, so what to do now that there is still a good opportunity to buy, the inventory is still there, the upcoming launches have been postponed for one and a half to 2 months because Google is still looking at which and  A very big launch was to be launched this week on the golf course extension near the door but it has been postponed for a week more because it is absorbing the pricing of oil not vanishing from pricing issue releasing.  The market has increased in 6 which is basically a Deendayal product, Lora, you all know about it, its pricing has been going on for a long time, its pricing is 11999, which means you have to see that AC 3 Deendayal, which is a product made in 150 yards, its floor.  The rates will be whether it seems expensive to you or whether you feel that it will be affordable in the future or whether the upcoming fresh launches will be very healthy. Please write in the comment section or you  Otherwise it is as simple as this to people, you have set out to find a set up for gold, you are not liking it as per your making which is not as per your designing but suppose the gold debit class rate is increasing then it is President John is a little strict.  Understand it, take it later and keep watching. At least come inside the asset class, otherwise that asset class will become so cheap after seeing it, then it will not be bought. There are many people who had heard the rates of Deendayal, such as 000 and now it has become 1767, so they are not able to understand what has happened to 45 lakh rupees, what happened in 15-20 days because since you talk about beans, then if someone has a salary of lakh rupees per month.  Do you also know that if his annual savings are not Rs 5 lakh, or if it is possible then the maximum can be Rs 5 lakh. If a person is earning Rs 12 lakh per year, then you know this.  They will quote that he will not be able to save Rs 5 lakh or if he can save it, he will be able to save it with great difficulty, then what is happening is that because of you people not taking decision-making, if there is no money then it is a different matter that money is not there. Otherwise, how to buy this thing is fine but I have money, I was thinking of buying it, I was just following the market, but Vikas could not decide, due to which the rate increased, so this one people may feel a little cheated, but this thing  will increase in future  The market will remain as it has been in Gurgaon real estate since 2004. Now there are many people in the market who are saying that they will not increase the prices and there are disbelievers. As long as there are disbelievers, the market will not be accurate.  There will not be a single person who will say that the rate is too high and it will not increase when a single person will say that the child's diet will be the time market will be feeling of we are quite further.  From the Shlok But my request is that all the users of the window in the market should start looking at the price more carefully and whatever you think is understandable in the budget, look at it instead 19282 and votes like this.  The golden payment plan in which people used to throw tantrums has become history, now it is not going to be available and now some thieves are hearing the rates. You must have seen it on 1509 Dwarka Expressway.  In 113, if its devices etc. are also available, then it has been reduced to 14009 and when that deal was made four months ago, it was at 9300, three to four months ago, it was 9300-9500, I will give all the discounts and payments, I will give it, then gradually it will increase to 10.  Then it's quarter to ten, it's 11 11405 subscribed, even though they say 14000, it's still 11500.  Cross has been crossed, it is moving rapidly towards the market because only the person who has to sit in the market and buy the thing is coming to know about it, so this is being told and if the thing is available from here, then this thing is increasing, it is increasing.  You get a feeling because you keep appointing and need and keep leaving. According to you, AC 2 Tier is your favourite. Please write in the comment section. I am asking questions in the entire village. There are questions in the entire village. Listen carefully AC 2 Tier One. Subscribe.  Not a great cents Hotspot of brand is ok New Construction Madhavan Construction Engineering Gurgaon Is the carat below Rs.8000 Anywhere then you can write the name of the project It is ok in Deendayal which is in this three tier, what will be its rates 10 to  Do n't just go and check the inventory, you will not find the inventory, even the remaining puris are not available. Okay, so it was a speed, so what is the rate?  What is the Gurgaon market according to you guys, tell me, according to me, Gurgaon market will benefit figure market by next year, meaning here you will not get anything within four digits, here square feet benefit comes to my one construction new construction good friend and  One more thing, those who are sitting with the old non y1 old builders, the old ones are now sitting tightly on the inventory, save your money, those too will increase, the rates are fine, donkey, horse.  A lame donkey, a naked horse, everything seems to be equal in the bullish market. When the tide comes, then you don't realize that on the use wearing central guest house without channel, it covers many people, okay, it makes everyone equal, okay, so the tides.  Late 31st * Last Now Inflation Sketching of Allot Inflation means money will lose its value due to which the rates of things will increase, so it is like you actually  Honey, you may not be rich, you should not bow down to be poor, for that you should take an example in an asset class. If the infection rate of a property of Rs 1 crore is 8 percent, then next year it will be worth Rs 1 crore 8, then actually you have not earned ₹ 1. This basic economics in your mind oven will help you.  I am telling you that if this man is printing more money then this is the government all over the world governments of printing lord of money and cost and they will  Printing for last three is now in India when demonetization happened in 2016, you know that what used to be 15-16 lakh crore guest house time, now look at the cash, it has become a constant cross of around 25 lakh crore, so this withdrawal is so much.  If it is being printed then cash is also an inflationary thing, that too is a debt instrument, so today you do not have much choice in terms of investment share. If you are watching the market too, interest rates are increasing, inflation is increasing, information is increasing in the US, questions are coming there too, then if the share market is sideways for 16 to seven months, the market is sideways. You know, the one which goes up more.  The one around 16 thousand Nifty is going down much, which means if the market remains in the band of 15000 Nifty late to six and a half thousand, then many people will  The patient who came with a new demat account and those who came to trade and the new money that came or children came, that money will also come out a lot, they call it 20 hands from the share market, which is called diet money will also be shown there native with a b. C Train Forming Open The Real Estate Yes Yes Lord Of Diet Money And Morning Getting Into Real Estate1 Update Money Should Get Into Real Estate Login Real Estate With Short Form Of S U  Will keep getting smaller size of properties coming at railway stations between 1215 subscribed for strict on the other hand thinking ok so this is the train which will be right now the inventory is sooner or later I will fast again for one month on the inventory and pricing  Will do with the subscribers Shodhak Latest What's Now 6 7 8 Mica What's New and if you are interested in that  If you are interested then please write the latest information in the comment section. This time we will know about the pricing as per the solid latest inventory because it is important for you to know about all the people who have taken it as their own, not because we have taken it for you.  How much did you buy it for, okay and when did you buy it, now what is its price, it gives a lot of coolness in the heart to know and I bring these things only in cool ones, okay, so it is the one which gives peace in the heart.  I tell those people, the monitors, that we have taken the property, now how much is our property worth, I was told that this is also a section which is doing Chiron, it will increase further because when you buy shares or  That if you buy a property then now there is a different pleasure in monitoring it and watching it grow because it was done, now it is okay to tear it down, how much inventory is left now, what alarm is the builder, what payment plan have you made?  Now which one did I take?  But what kind is found in saliva, then it is also very interesting, if you want to know, please write the latest Space Very Soon Will Be Doing Mask Connection with the Audience and Always Be Good Andar Latest Pricing and Attractions Ideas Likely to Come in Near Future  And new launch also and why builders are folding again and again or stop now and it will grow now people accepted and it is slowly increasing which I told you that the rates have increased now, now move ahead and they will keep increasing slowly and gradually and please also be a part of this journey and stay in disbelief, no no, nothing is going to happen, it will fall here, what can you see?  Brother, look at the sheet, how much Holi is there for your children and how many future launches are coming, so are you mentally ready? If anyone has this, please post it in the comment section. If you have not subscribed to the channel, please do so.  Subscribe like share with friends thank you very much