That Hello friends, Deendayal Upadhyay returned to the islands, an amendment is coming in it, recently a two-day meeting was held in Gurgaon in which top officials and Chief Minister participated and representatives of builders and RWAs also participated in it. There is an amendment and discussion on it.  Deendayal was also making subscribers in the project earlier, so they were kept as proper subscribers so that when their  After getting the position, it will be completed, then he can give it to them, now the limit for revising it has passed, his notification will be issued, I will tell you, but the principal is already on him, if he has done so, then what will happen, its widespread effect will be second third acting.  Let's say that the inventory which the builder has just folded will be released in the market. This is beneficial for the builder as well as for the public. How will I tell you? The benefit for the builder is that the turnover rate of his project will go because  If he makes it in two years and then sells it, then now he can make that fluorspar quickly, which will now be released in the market and he will get thirty percent of that which he holds and later increases the price because its cost of funds increases.  Because my real estate question is, if Chat Plus comes on the expressway, then the cost of the daily comes out to be exactly 2C, then X is the cost of line wise request functions, this is the builder margin, this is  If the cost of funds is high then the cost of funds will increase and his margin will increase so he will hold on to his juice and going forward to start construction also increases so the thing which was to be built in 2036 will be built in 25 now he will have to build it in 2022  If someone makes it in this then it will benefit him also, the public will also benefit, this is a welcome step, the good inventory of some projects is going to be released, you will get that.  If you want to join, you can connect with me to know which inventories are from which projects, you have to WhatsApp me on INV, on that I will now do some project specific webinars where this thing will be opened up and discussed and the details of Plot and Inventory will be discussed.  According to this, things can be understood as to what will be its effect. There is a very good positive impact. Secondly, in the last 15 to 20 days, in the details, after 819 February, the plots  There has been a huge increase in the rates of Rs. 245 within Gurgaon. I am going to tell you this happy rate which will surprise even me. 5 days ago this Singh definitely told me about the price. Well, I cross checked it with Rs. 245 from 10 places and I said something.  I am going to tell you the rates and you tell me whether you are also surprised or not. Coming back to New Gurgaon side, the rate is above Rs 1 lakh per yard, which means Rs 1 lakh becomes Rs 1 lakh 10.  If ever someone from the top player will come there, then maybe 1.25 lakh rupees will not be spent. Talking about New Gurgaon and gold, how much gold is there, the rate of plots within gold, a project that will come after getting certified by Neeraj, I am telling you that it will zoom at such a speed. If I add this AC etc. to it then the space price that comes will always come to Rs 345 but if you add EDC 4 5,000 to it then it is quite surprising in the market.  Things have gone haywire and this rate is justified, these are justified, the jury is out on what the trajectory is, this extract is that it has increased, now it is not the echo that we have that it will be only of Pluto, the rest will be expected, which is called that blur.  It is said that whatever is burst will be visible on chloro also, the big high-rises coming and premium flats will be visible on them, but will be visible with a like because that friend  I was thinking about the rate, in the last 15 days, you should think that there has definitely been a rise of ten to fifteen percent, so in these two places, I told you the rates, you write on this in the comment section, what is your opinion on this and within this, my opinion. People are requested not to buy a plot where there is no face because if the stories are told that if I come then the rates of the plots will increase. Right now the types of plots are less because Rani, use your own mind and tell me this.  The second and third way of thinking is that if I am a builder and I have a ray, just remove it, improve it too, it can be sold for Rs. 25,000 at a higher price, then why am I selling it today without the racket, how much time does it take if there is any problem in the project, that is, two months.  Tell me how much time does it take in a month, but if you assume that I am stuck because I don't have the capacity to run, because in my opinion, if I did not have the old 4G for the government or did not do any other work, then it is my responsibility. Now those investors who have bought the plot without any cover, it is fine and look at the entire money, it is not like this, 24 5 lakh rupees have been taken by paying the full amount, even after paying the full amount, those who are getting the trees and they are getting degree.  There is a big reason for this, so you should send messages to your relatives and friends in the circle. If you are like this then do not do such things. Okay, Rekha is maintaining the certificates of these plots. This is that the inventory is very less. Maybe this is the realization that  This is what I am telling you as soon as it opens, this is the realization that is coming within the committee, due to which there is a surge in the plots where Perera certificate has come, so you will speed up this one, tell the message to the larger people because then after that.  He gets trapped and then there is no use in crying after that, he has done it to us like this, he has done it because if you give the full amount, you have already given the big money - sixty, seventy, eighty percent. And if mine didn't come, then after paying 70-80 cents, it's natural to laugh. Okay, so please share. If you like this video, do write a thank you note in the comment section.