that hello friends welcome to money mind-set series video number nine today our topic is avoiding and handloom property disputes in a family and Vijay family vanaspati 6 to this conflict management under that there are issues of properties in the family among Shivling brothers. I provide professional help to sisters who have issues called ' Small Things Which Is Too Much' and Best on This.  Experience of Mind, I would like to share some things with you today and you watch this video, will you get a lot of consternation in it and if you press my texture and click on follow, then you will be able to delete such a situation or it may happen that Situations will not come to you, this video is applicable for you if you are in any group, whether it is your Paris or Shivling or children, point this as soon as you get to see it and IS  Believed that India needs to be difficult and two something is so every day. Everyone watches the latest videos of news channels and is engaged in news. My request is to take out 15 minutes of your time and watch this video or I will be in it today.  I am going to tell the main things, the subject is very tight but there can be many motivation combinations, so I will develop in four only what is the reason for these, the first star is property dispute.  The mindset of the parents in a family is present. The parents of today are in this group of 65th 65 years. The presidents of today, their parents were the ones who will never be proud. The issues of this generation when it comes to earning more money. In this generation, I talk about the average in Team India, not the face, I always talk about the base rate, you know, and I don't talk about the planets, so what is today's situation?  Generation is 6575 of periods. Earlier, their parents did not tell so much property that they should fight too much over it, but this generation which is 6575 of these points is this disease and has made them property very beneficial in India in last 30 to 35 years.  There has been a little rating, so now these people have made all this with a lot of hard work, I salute them all, but I want to request them all to have the mindset about which I am talking.  I am going to do that mindset, I am putting a lot of Akhilesh in the houses, the mindset is that there are different properties and they are very much linked to the adversities, only then they can think that these properties will be lost only then they want to give the best to their children. Like there is a final, that is pomegranate, someone is you, so it is ok in a small town in Hisar, someone is a builder floor in Delhi or a flight is in Gurgaon, somewhere in the village, they say fort in our language, palm light, they can  Request Lets are of different lengths and properties, there are many plots, there are many plots in a city, if there is a small shop or a shop, then there is mix and match, so what do these people do, they do not even say, this one will be yours, this one will be yours. While he went to Pineapple Anaro seasonal that first of all everyone's rate is different, everyone has to do cottages and everyone's utility is different according to Shivanya time, then if in such a marksheet, whenever, whenever, your next generation  There will be no satisfaction, both of them are daughters, they will get it, if the knees are not strong, if there are daughters, then the bangs will not be there or not, I want the same one, if you give me a coat of 500 yards in Hisar, then he wants fat in Dwarka, and the one from Dwarka.  There will be no side effects, he will say that people will never be satisfied if they think about it this year, there is only one solution, mix pomegranate, pineapple and seasonal fruits and make its juice.  And spend more of your time, is it completely equal or not? Write down the APN shift. Now, how to distribute it among brothers and sisters, you have left it to the generation in the middle of the fight in Libya, and every generation is intelligent and will talk to each other, brother.  You give this to me, you get 15 lakhs from me, the rent for it is a lot more, its elements will be 10 lakhs and you will mix it like this, you just divided all the properties like this or you did not separate your properties.  He said, it is not done like this, do not even clean your floor, you cut the property like this, do that, you can even tell your parents about it, these two Shivlingas who are listening, these two can not come together and watch this video, Madho Ko Boond  -If you see a fight going on like this while talking to the drop, then this was the point to say when I told you this was the second point. I have seen this many times which I have in situations where two children are playing and one child is playing.  One  The child lives near the drinking house, the normal one is the one who is living outside, like in some government transfer square, this one is his own corporate, this one is doing a job in some city and the other child has to live with 5 small Smriti inches, now in this the Shiva is also good outside.  He lives, he can't come near that much peanuts, he ca n't do that much interest, he also has a job and what happens in some stage, set up the deposit, he is an elder child, nothing child can do with his daughter-in-law, so he comes and awards them.  If Hanumat is also seen then how?  B fun and this press that the one who is nearby has been normal, it may be a little, a slight drain, a child and using related is not bad, I don't talk about dying, if I have been with mint chutney, then now this one who lives outside is this.  It is said that he also uses his father's pension, he also uses resources, he has also drunk buffalo's milk, he also deserves the same because that world is 800 kilometers away, so you are the thing.  If you can't use the resources, then by imposing on the person to stay away, something like this is happening, but that big oil shows that till then it is okay, first this person thinks that all the time, I will stay with you, I will serve you practically. Whom are they talking to? When the time of service comes, there will be trouble. When the time of service comes, they hit the parents in a series. In shifts, the Governor has agreed to serve the parents. So they feel that it is okay.  Used to be  If we do, both are brothers, both sisters are brothers, both are sisters, whatever the combination, one is feeling that I am sacrificing, the other is feeling that he is sacrificing and there is no conversation among themselves, then one is  Through time together, parents think that brother should stay with us in this, that his children start seeing him, grandchildren do good morning every day, if more than them come, then it is less then it is okay.  Actually, I have seen me going in this direction, this is also a big solution to the problem, maybe if you people agree with this then please like it. Now you are feeling that these videos of mine also have entertainment questions.  It started growing but not related to that, they have got entertainment questions from advisory, Netflix series, Amazon series and all these series are coming, so if you have subscribed to the channel till now.  If you haven't subscribed then do it, watch it on the big TV with your wife between 9 to 10. It's the end. It would be even better if you watch it while drinking milk. Add turmeric and jaggery to it. If you eat the jaggery in your hand, then you will be very kind to me.  Its logic will be done, if you want to know then connect with me on WhatsApp for this, I will not tell you but I told you that you can comment on big TV and do not watch on mobile from today onwards if you like my  Subscribers have been released, whoever likes my videos, everyone has smart TVs, you watch it on TV, watch it with your wife, and if your wife is not subscribed, then I request madam to please subscribe, it is still going on.  No and I have told you two things that the first situation is the second situation and the third one is another syndrome of this syndrome. Friends, you have given the syndrome of parents making their children equal in the centre.  Have children first, like this, 1567 E 56 children, the one who is interlocked will relate, gave birth to five or six children, could not teach everyone, could have raised one, washed him well, sent him to grow, became something, lecturer on occasion, now  He had the responsibility of pulling the rest of the brothers and there was no message to give the property. Okay, so this was the first situation. This is not the case with today's jeweler's children who were born on notice. One child reached here and one child stayed here. Now this is the result of the luck and hard work of both of them. But generally it is seen in the pants that they say that even if you make them equal then  How can it be equalized, it has reached here, now how can it not be reduced, it is as if we had reached a happy government green, that I am in good condition and there is a good number of no in the flat, this is the condition, so what is the paint?  Do  We fasten it like you are a potato, it already has four properties, parents have four properties, it has only one, so friends will give it 3 to this, it will take a little oil, it will take a little friend, this is not to be done, if you paint it like this, then they  You will not get salvation, there are people living in this earth, liberation of soul is fine, this is the ultimate goal, you will work like this, you will have to be born again, please do not do it, it is your work, not equalizing, from your side, your values ​​should be so strong that Give equal amount to your elder brother also, give equal amount to him too and this elder brother, this younger brother also, whoever it is, his heart should be so big and he should follow the method of your sanskars that he should forget this meeting brother will fry the sister, whose heart will be encouraged.  You will give him the courage from your side. If he doesn't do it, then look at it in your values. I take it as a base model, this thing may seem good to someone, it may seem bad to some. I am open to being a judge because I come on the platform because of my  give views So friend Maithili Rediff Twist, I believe that it is the fault of the parents, today I do not have parents and I am also a parent, this machine can never be a production machine, my product is bad even if you have not made it, then I can say that it is bad.  You also say from this point that the setting should have been fine, now don't you say that we had made the complete map, this is the daughter in law, we have spoiled it, by pressing this, this has spoiled it, this does not happen, it occurred to me that someone  Do not spoil the product  There is no pressure in doing any harm, that is your product mission some other time, if you accept this then you will understand. If anyone has any doubt in this, then you can join, I will easily take it for half an hour separately. You will already like this video. Is coming and you want things related to it in the next videos because I have a lot of entertainment and learning content so I will talk about it right now on Hero. If you want content on this and that how what happens then I will definitely in the next videos.  If I tell you, this would have been my second and fourth. I had to see another tutorial, but I have seen that these days it has become very applicable. Look, on my behalf, someone's a boy, a girl, a girl, a boy, let's do some kind of combination that can.  If there is a girl and a boy then there are brothers and sisters, otherwise the fight may be over paint or if spot fixing is going on, then there is a fight with the mother that you hurry up and send me and we will become some tycoon, business is different, I have given her this paste. I will number this one too for now but there is a lot of motivation in it, this is the one which I wanted to tell, the fourth one is that if there is a boy and a girl then it is normal that there is a boy-girl North Indian mentality, in the south the boy does not understand much these days.  So, how can I play the plane like a girl? I have seen many times that it is okay for a boy to accidentally dip it. Mother, I am inclined towards a girl. 8:00 I am serious, I love you there, this boy also loves me very much.  If it is okay, then there is an inclination towards the girl and the mother's support becomes domineering, sometimes it happens that the father grows old or the wife becomes so busy that she goes to a stage and calls for help. This happens in the family, I am not being judgmental about anyone, I always say that actions have consequences for them, nothing is right or wrong, some actions are happening in some other sequence, which princess do you not like?  Exchange reactions can't be changed. If it's ok in a meeting of giving obscene my friend video, then what is there in it, it is of the son and it is dry. So the motherboard is working fine but it happens many times that the trend of property is daughter.  If Abhishek is going to Dharamshala, if building is done then Surya, you don't have to do this, now I am going to tell in the tax office what correction should be done, Naira is the same, there is a solution, if there is an Idea solution then I will tell you if you get it well.  It is a very good thing that I could not do it, but it happens that you feel that by mistake you have given so much tax to the one whom you had that you think that the child that you have born is your granddaughter, even you do not have an emotional connect with her.  I gave half to my daughter, so it will go to her, this is my earning, I hate the person, fill in the maths, you love your son, brother, daughter, his daughter, you don't know when will his turn come, I have given all the money to him. want to see with great respect because I  I am talking about the elders, I am not talking about it at all, I want to tell this to the elders, after this year, no one will know your name, after a hundred years, no one will know my name, those who become the Prime Minister and the people of this ribbon, that is why I  Aata is also remembered in his name, on the other hand, you can see for yourself, your family mix, you want your grandfather's name, there are no words located in the name more than that, you know, you check yours, so that your special one is that your name  Naga  If it goes too much then remove this element which is going to take your life from your life. I am going to tell you the dust of 26. The first of ₹ 10 is ₹ 10. 50 50 has two children. 5032 times were yours. You only had troubles and all the Lord. Write this line in it. All.  Don't calculate my movable and immovable property means wife and wife's and good you tummy is white color proof then you chutney is 1558 smart kids in that you don't have any  It has nothing to do with whether yours was very good, it was good, you have to be royal towards the original demand of your production factory, what you have produced and how they will joint with each other, it is your values ​​and their wisdom and luck but at least.  You became a participant of this park that you have seen many parents of some of them, they were seen having conflict but they were sitting quietly, they do not want to be bad, they know what they would say after their death.  The boys will die after going to the court. Comment on that report. Look at your name, the children of his father are still fighting. How are they fighting? There is such a family, okay, but you know it, but you are not doing anything, why your mental.  This is a sailfish approach to peace. Don't do it. Get rid of the shackles of this world. You can get free from the bondages of this world. If you have births and children, but by doing this work you have taken 50 more of yours, then you will never get liberation. Address your 16th.  won  Yes, it's okay, you don't get lucky with this, how can you tell that I don't like your daughter-in-law and I don't like your husband, but you are my parties, now this is enough for you, follow this thing while you are alive 852  The second most important thing is for the parents and the children who are watching, show the video to the parents because you are telling them this, it is being told by your third party who gives this thing and gives it to the parents for 10 days.  Okay, tell that party that you will give 60% of your property to your children to manage it during your lifetime. He was not saying to name it. The children should manage it and give you ten percent. You will call the property dealers and give them the money.  Speak about your child's hand. These days, all this is all over the internet. If these children are branded, then tell someone about the children, then give ten percent to your son's friend. Next year, 12, take a decision from him, 14 so that the excesses are reduced.  Till now he is earning 40% from it. Your property will be managed well. As long as the children have nothing, we will not be interested. The children will also be in America. Your Delhi property, Gurgaon property, Noida property will be managed by him.  Sitting in Los Angeles, all the technology, everything is on the phone, these days, someone needs to go somewhere, they will fry themselves, they will pay him, they will take money from you, but this is a big trick, give it a month and if you like it, please.  Please like it. I have worked very hard to bring out original content for you guys everyday, so please like it, I am saying it with some emphasis and please subscribe if you have not done so and if you have been watching this thing since yesterday.  If you don't see it already then it will be read from tomorrow but you will see that it is very good for you to understand this formula. If you are an adult then you are already ready in this situation. Call your child tomorrow and tell me son. Got the knowledge now from year December you are going to look after messages properties it has to be painted electricity is out issues are carpenter's unclean are willing plumber whatever are the issues but I will look after opening minute phone which is child's that is your prostate ten  The percentage is yours son, as if you live on ₹ 3000 per month and acid is ₹ 3000 per month, you should not feel shy to do this work, Babu, it is not mine, I have asked for a salary of lakhs for the city.  It is not possible to have trouble with your wife, your wife must be funny, it is okay for you, tell your son who is passing the time like 2052, for example, tell him all day long, look for the prostitute patriotism of the grandparents, Uday Singh's family people are spending a lot.  There is development in investing money, they have success, the property will do well, bow down here, the management will manage you because you are not connected with the children, the quote of the property will be given a lot so that the manager's children will manage it.  If you do, then this point is very important and one last thing I would like to tell everyone and this is the next generation, don't go, do n't be greedy, do n't look at the generation in such a speciesistic way or are they your own children and the time is definitely a bit bad.  But it has not become so corrupt that doctors will not treat you. I had also written a very good article on this, Part Syndrome. I can make it in a video later. It will be a lot of fun in advance, if you go to this tax office. You have enjoyed it, please like me, I will make more such videos, all this comes within money minded because the ultimate reminder is set about money, so fix this mindset in the families and who will be saved from being fit, but  If due to some reason it is sour and there is a marriage conflict, if pimples are not happening then one last trick is to whitewash the property. It is okay for two brothers and two sisters to have fiber network problem.  This is the phase brother, if one Shivling is divided into two parts then the other will submit without stopping. There cannot be anything wrong in this piece. Many people say that this also does not happen due to which the race is not divided into two parts. Take help from me to give the palace.  The professional help tab is very good, whereas those who are waiting for votes and want solution and many years have passed, okay, then those people can also connect with me and try, rest after that you will not get the solution.  play your court  You are there for the vaccine, the date is clear, you are a prophet, he is saying something to this too, that Katrina Baba, the train used to stop at that water railway station, but it is written, Rupa, this Baba is the solution for me.  It used to be strong that Hari does the same thing with Comedy Central, now a days I have also started talking like this, I should have contacted him, that too, diversification was not done at that time, so you guys should understand me in the same way, you can do it through a command.  you like this  He is going through life situations through which a phone can be used or not, there is no use in calling and for the last time I would like to say one more thing to the parents, please save your soul from having this point in your house.  Peace will be achieved only then, dreams have to be known, parents have known that our generation has told the next generation that if it has not come here with a proof ticket, then during our lifetime, it has fooled its eyes that the cat will not eat me.  This situation has never happened, everything is fine in my family, so my request is one more thing, if any of these parties have felt bad for some reason, then I fold my hands and apologize. They are the superman and bring prosperity and happiness in my life. Thank you for MP3