Loot Namaskar Friends Irish Very Happy Diwali To All Subscribe Just Hindi Family Spent To Orders For Watching This Video In This Short Video I Would Like To Tell Something About The Channel and Heart And Feature Topics Oil P Tag Point Normally This Kind Of Video  Which you tell when you launch the channel, then this time I thought that I will show people a little in a pool of birth, after that p12 top noose baby is my plan.  All the videos are inside the seven headings Seven Important Various Situations Affect Our Life I believe that all the happiness in our life comes from our home and all the sorrow also comes from the home itself, so we are within the four walls of our home and  If they have issues within them, they should pay attention to them, then whatever topics I have, they will give an end to that. Now, the topic that I am going to make further, in the Kids Series, recordings of children's career, recordings of children's education, because I am so active in the market. I meet people with different capabilities, so I have a general idea that in the market, they are saying which ones should study and which ones should work, then I will make interesting videos on that which will help your children a lot in taking these decisions of the day.  Why is there a holiday in the country, I am in a furious show. Those who have not subscribed to my channel, they can do specifics only on this thing, I will write a complete book first, with a different dish, I am noisy, four to five.  You will have your favorite playlist in your life. John C. You can vote as per your choice. The second thing which I am very passionate about is that ladies according to me should always be rocking. I have done this under great guidance. This is a government job. None, 250 jobs, I mean, those ladies whose children are grown up, above 10-18 years of age, should definitely do something like dance, because it is the one who brings wealth and happiness. It is very important for the GDP growth of our country because the work done by our ladies is not recorded in the GDP. My first experiment will start from that only. This GDP thing which I told will start from this only.  If any ladies want to watch these videos, then my request is to connect with me and tell me a little about this, I will make this series on this side in a closed day, which I am telling, some have already started, some are about to start, so whoever wants to do this  Ladies' subscription is less and they can get to know on YouTube how intense the matches are. My request is that in this only investment fashion, although ladies should know about both the things but this thing will be discussed in the children's section.  Career and ladies, what work can they do from home and if she is doing her positive job, if she is doing the job of a teacher, then she has chopped it and saw it as a supplement for her income.  End Create Fronts Center of Judgment Web Browser Increases Husband's Choice Why Not Yours in Decision Making What to Do Next Thirdly My Heading Will Remain That Will Remain With Abhimaan Se Message How Can You Save Income Tax Mutual Fund Schedule Measure Home Loan To Home  Return the loan, transfer it, it will remain in the settings of this dam and how normal it is, people know how they can save a lot of income tax from some such sections.  People who are leech don't know, I will search for them also in this heading, money minded will continue with that, there are already videos ahead in it, that is the request, money minded city is the number of videos in it, whoever has come to power since then.  No, I am watching the channel for the first time, watch that phase-1. If you get well then I will also do a video on frequently asked questions on that. If I will do animal eyelids Aryans then this is a text. A content and 1 syllabus is like that of children and they are commerce students whose children are studying. Yes, show them this video further, it will give practical knowledge about money. So those people are buying all the numbers.  I am preparing for a job but soon I have started the race at the top, its level will keep increasing gradually. You people will be aging by sitting a lot, that is, you will get channels.  Not like I will not do anything like this by making it very loud ok or by using animations, but comfortably, now the winter time is coming, independence will happen around 9 to 10 o'clock and you all can easily enjoy it by subscribing to the channel. Videos can be of 10 to 20 minutes depending on the topic, some videos will also be short, of 5 to 7 minutes, so this one will remain, he has my series on real estate that that different  I will discuss the topics like, I will tell the readers about how property graduation is done, how it should be set up, how property should be selected, how much loan should be taken in the property, how much of our own should be invested, how to get the property under construction, some videos have been made by me.  There are three or four requests in it, I have a request to give, but have not seen that, see, I have just posted three videos in the test series, at the end, it is very interesting for everyone, real estate is a very difficult but change system.  It happens that we buy rice rice unseen on someone, then I will talk about inheritance in it, how to take it in inheritance, if it is complete in inheritance, it has to be massaged gradually, how to restructure the properties, how to restructure the acid, then this In front of British, now I am telling a little about it in small videos, the different thing from that will be my Affordable Housing Board, so this is a comment below, it is not necessary that only North India is safe.  In this side of the yes see this Vivo v5 enter enter is the lead contact this is a very interesting story which is working out those who are interested in it I have also put two videos in it they can watch both the videos on that I will complete the printout further.  If I do, then this one will be my cigarette and one last one, what is the afterwords of my serious relationship with the boss, so I have already made a video of it. Those who have not seen it, my request is to watch it. After that, marital issues, on the person, on mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, on top of that, children do not listen to you, there is a slight change from the children, I will give practical tips on all these things which normally you and I feel like this, you must have read it somewhere or not heard it. I want to give such things in the entire series that I will get to hear only one thing in the comment section. Whatever you tell, I have not heard it before. How much you will agree to it, how much you will benefit by doing it, all that is secondary but you will find it mostly fresh.  If you do it then I have a request that subscribe Anda will also be a favorite plus, so my humble request is to add one subscriber to everyone in your family to watch this video. My target is to increase the number of subscribers. Yes, its basic reason is this.  That after thousand, the duty will lock me of Life Shankar, I can leave the directory with him from the mobile and when you ask him a question, I will give the same answer in the directory.  If I can give it, you will type on the chat. We have chosen a good topic. Lately, it was only about children's career. I did this during the festival, so there is no disturbance in it because I have seen the rest by destroying it. There is a lot of disturbance in it and it is not fun at all. People are doing joint at wrong time, sleeping from behind, so my target is that you add my subscriber base, whoever watches these two for the first time, subscribe, I have told the basic content that in this  We will do different joints like they live in web series, whether it is comedy, drama or this, they used to live differently in this too, there will be different ways in this also, you will be with us, definitely Chaara Chor, you people will be interested, Jaunsaar video will come on its topic.  You will know what is there inside it, if you get interested then you will see, if not then definitely there is some other topic which will interest you, then I request everyone, Tiwari's issue has been there and you people are so much  If you are going to send out messages from here, then add a little bit of mine in it, increase your subscribe base, athlete, if people liked my videos, then I forced them, so I grinded water, if they did not like the videos, then it would not make their butt, so this button was in the bedroom. By subscribing, I will do a session of one to one and a half hour every week at a very convenient time on a clear cool evening on Radheshyam Radheshyam, at whatever very convenient time, so that the general Far lead children family will do this game apply on that you can ask me questions and I on that and value added in this me I have the content and I want to do that further so I will not make it much longer and again wish you very happy Diwali and Accord Lace Thank You