Quick hello friends, our topic today is every BP says something that before doing this topic, I would like to give no display. Till date, I have almost asked people to change their DP and both of them have not called me for quantity.  These people had called me for some other work, after all and after that I shouted to Rahul that he should change his DP and virus, I will say that it is God's grace that no one felt bad about this and for 15 to 20 minutes.  And after I changed my DP to him, I myself get surprised that the next person can say within a minute that who are you to tell me what DP should I do and he can't keep quiet from me, Vikram.  I am traveling due to Vetal syndrome. He tells Vikram that the whole country will be broken into pieces. Now if you had said more, he would have gone away. If Vikram comes from Vetal syndrome and the journey is from this, I would not have stopped, so this disclaimer is why.  I am giving Because maybe I will tell some of these things, some people may say yes, but you people have to see this thinking that the younger brother is telling, the elder brother is telling and he is telling for some good, my request is that whatever I tell, if  You have some trust and you want to listen to me, so do n't bother with it, try it for two months, this change will definitely come in your life. You just tried it and I will tell you one more thing that the notification is for people.  I have started adding DP on my WhatsApp, that is actually wrong, so if this gives you the release that I am in the 98% category, then you need to feel bad, I am around 5 to 6 cents, that is quite right, either by luck or under someone's guidance. So I don't know that, second thing I would like to tell you is that whenever something is told, it is said to be observational after doing research, then it has a base rate, the base rate is thousands.  So it is different for most of the people but may not be for some, so for example, you people can now say that smoking kills, smoking and exporting reduces the number of lives due to diseases, then something can be said in this, no, it is not so.  It happens that my grandfather used to smoke cigarettes, beedis and hookah every day. So he can speak absolutely right. According to him, he is speaking absolutely right, but till the time of Active Bhagya, he used to go to water the fields in the 90s.  If you do farming then no one is telling the total picture, not the isolation, I am telling the things, so whatever I am telling about the thing, I am telling it according to this rate, it should be applicable to reach or it can be done through conscious mind also, that is what you are doing.  If you contact all of them, I will use subconscious in whatever I tell you so that no one can keep quiet about anything, otherwise I will give explanation of some things in it, some of the fabric cannot be given on cotton.  I will tell 15 to 16 points in the video. It will be interesting. I don't think this has been covered till date on YouTube, so my request is that you guys can share it to as many people as possible, maybe Rafale or if it happens, I would like to tell it in the first Jain Africa.  You will see that mostly people have benefited from glasses in Deputy. You are very busy. In 3240 posts, a person wore glasses. He definitely looks smart. It is absolutely good and please remove the DP with your glasses. Constantly post the TRP of glasses, I will tell you what is an identity in the end, which you all can do, but right now, those with glasses have been regimented, remove the smart looking and good looking ones. If you listen to me, then in 50 days you will get a lot of benefits.  There is a positive difference, many people will say that our life is going very well, there is no needle, then I will say that it will get better, try it, okay and please share this video with your children.  Please do share with me because when it rains, I have not seen much between them. Okay, the first one was life with glasses, Deputy RMO, you remove it. In the second one, you will make it very deep in such a way that you have to pose on the side. It could be a lady, it could be a girl, it could be a boy.  It can be anyone, he can show one of his lessons and face, I am not showing straight face, such men are most likely to have their life hacks, in the age group of 19 to 25 years, that boy and girl cheat.  It may be some other fraud, if this has happened to someone and that too is fair, then give like on this post, then you will know who has written to someone, then if you do your hard work, without looking at the horoscope, without searching, I am somewhere.  I am bringing something from if this is right and if it is suitable then please this is my request. If this is so then please like it. Either he has been cheated on him or he is afraid of being cheated on him. Insecurity please. Remove your side DP and show your status water BP. Today I myself took the camera apart and tried it. I got the feedback that I keep looking at the other side without doing the same. I am also Pushkar and do you guys know anything about these facts to improve it?  I am not telling you digitally, I am a person of your category, just because I have this position, I have worked a little, I have worked hard, a little is due to the grace of Guru, so if I tell you through surgery, then don't think that I am a lot, but  Set it to God and tell me these facts, the Tamil that has my photo on it is like this, how was the photo taken, so I introduced myself on it, check the note, then I am relaxed that this is the body language, this is the confidence inside, this is the meaning of confidence. I don't have the issue of less confidence in giving strength. I don't have that test. I took out my old notes and found out that by giving some knowledge, the hidden problem is a prank coming out from within.  I am hiding it, so I want to take it out, but like in my previous video, I had said that I will make 50 likes, I will make a dip one. You guys got 253 likes in one day, they were restless, they regretted getting informed, so I thought people are watching this video.  If you want half an hour, if you want, then as much as I get the application, my moral will increase, I will take it out and one day this one which was mine, we will change it to this one and this one will open up to me, my heart will be completely dizzy from within, I will give you all the fonts.  I will open and tell you, if you are enjoying till now, then forward this video to your children. Team Match of 72825 Palan, who are the perches, the age-olds have an impressionable stage, they live in their own world, I will fry them for 10 to 15 minutes by making such videos.  I promise you that if your child watches my video for 10 to 12 minutes every day, give him the next 50 to 60, then he will not get spoiled, I am saying a big thing, people should ask, okay.  Your children will never meet, okay then leave his British fashion but seal that time part, you forward your child who is in his mid 30s to my videos, ask him to subscribe to the channel and I am telling you, your child. It will definitely come in due date, it will be on the right path that if you come to this stage then before watching the video, please forward it to the child, okay, I am waiting, please give me turmeric powder, then the next point is.  There should be three people in DP, I have seen you mantra a lot, there are three people, there can be family, there can be friends, there can be 39 votes, there should not be three people in the team, 125 subjects are a little open, Vikramaditya, listen, husband and wife, I don't, this is not right, this is stress in marriage.  Let's show that this is the space in your sub-conscious mind. This is your husband's deputy. This is Patti's mobile phone. This is your wife 's photo. What is it for? Brother, you want to show your wife to the world. She is yours. I want to show that I am a wife to the world, there is tension in the marriage, the wife has her own mobile phone, these days it is not that the wife does not have a phone, it is the husband in the couple who has the phone, so he will tell you.  This is love, this is not love, you are missing your baby a lot, you have made a screen saver, look at her photo again and again, it must be your identity card or your purse or any such things, put it in it, okay call her on WhatsApp.  You have done it, but you should keep this small DP of yours to show to the world so that the world has this space. I will not talk much about it in marriage, but here I will give you one thing in Hindi. By doing this, reading about stress marriage.  This is not an incident, in most of such photographs the husband will be a very metro man, you have to see, okay, in this you are this and this is the region, the wife is integrative, such a husband forcefully keeps it. Someone told her that I understand her, I just came up with something like this.  That he has done this, if you associate it with him then like it and if you don't, do n't dislike him. If you think that he is an example of Dada ji, the cigarette seller, you are a flop in that category, then it is okay to tell him, then dislike him. Don't do it. If you associate, please like it. On the other hand, another feature point is, don't put children in DP. I have seen this a lot. I am a father and have got a photo taken with a child, so you can share your  Do not show it to the children. The subconscious reason behind this is that for some reason you have stayed away from the child and there is a lot of love flowing in it. This could be dishonor or you want to show your very spiritual attitude. This is something basic which needs to be shown to the child.  No, your child is a very cute child, I see the children, the children have been born, they are 2 years old, very cute children, they are looking good, don't show this to the world, I will show it to you, you keep it for yourself, give the photo to your relatives daily. You see in your circle, whatever knowledge I am telling you, I am not telling it with expectation, there is deep knowledge in it, there is practice, quality, Vaastu, logic and many more things. You are feeling that my life is available to every person.  You have to do something good in your job, you have to track money, you have to do business, you have to make it your success, you have to do something good in studies, you can't say like this to my body that look at our Sanatan Dharma, whatever Hindu way of life it is.  or even india  Since I don't want to release a lot of food in my room, many people have said that the raw taste is of great variety, hence it is forbidden to judge anything in our place. It has been said in this place that this is our country that your  There are actions and which of their princesses are you, you are somewhat old, so this is what you are doing, this is the question, who do you want to do, in this, someone close to you can also give in such a thing that whoever has assigned his duty to do this, I  Who am I to tell? Brother, what to do, cling to me, I am telling such friends and brothers one thing which they should believe and implement and will get benefit, giving a gift pack, it is about 50 days time, many things will start getting good, okay, so this is the one which will help the children.  You are putting that on DP, you don't put those things which I can't respect you, Patara and you call in that category, please WhatsApp me, I will leave my number. Comment. In the section description, let me tell you about its notification. You cannot tell about the things that are present in them, then the next point is now there is a party, it was a group's party, you find the photo of the party, but the problem is, don't keep it for a long time. In this, it was some things like liquor and 56789 sour and keep, you had a function, basically, you got it written in 24, showed it to the association, okay and later come to your normal degree once.  If you want to show it, then there is no problem, after that, along with periods, you want to check BP. There are fifty different ways of showing love to those parents. Many people have passed away in this world that they are not there in this world. You loved them very much and remember them.  The way to do this is not to put a photo of them in your DP, the energy it gives is not good, they will not find peace even today, there is no need to show anyone, they are your parents, you love the child, so there are different ways to connect with me, if you want  Is it powder or not, why not? Note, I will plate it to you, I have many parents, so I will tell you, in this second one, I follow my guru straight from you, okay, put that photo of your religion and relation, but you will want to look at it below 6.  If above is 65th then 6 is on Jesus, if you are walking with their support then it is okay then if I tell you to change it, then I will appear only to my parents, whatever is like to us too, tell me after finishing it, but if not. Because many times what happens is that you go out swimming in a week and your leg is caught. Hmm, you caught it. Do you think that if I leave it, then people will go, but if I ask you to leave five skins, maybe they will not let you.  You are fine and your life is blessed by him. Advocate, you can fold the area. If you feel that he is telling useless things, then it is okay if I drown. Please do like, then the bell is 6 above and and Singh has taken this decision. please look at the above  It will come in that also but that is your choice but if you used to follow me in Fati 1545, I am following you, your guru ji, don't tell him as DP, make a screen saver, make anything, watch it every day, it's ok but you will deposit it, ok, it remains one.  If we make it with friends, then the other person who sees it is giving jobs to you people, you people have to loot the business on every basis, so the other person does not know that this girl is this one, which one is this one.  Friend  And I am a boy, this is a photo of three people sitting, so your friendship looks very good, but next time you submit energy and get confused that infection will come in your life, now don't do it, you are only three friends, they were there and they had to edit them among themselves.  Search for photo apps in the group but three people in the DP, three people are fine anyway, okay, then you will wreak havoc on the award, one more thing, tantra hand DP background, night number is needed, that party like this behind the oil. Husband and wife are standing in the room, you are taking it, you are behind, I see such photos and such things a lot and now that this video is over, you can see it in your contact list, whatever I am telling you, you have started seeing it, defies. 95% will be found in this category that you do not need to panic till the time you have this device that we have a little trick, try it and see if there is spice in life, if you like it then say thank you and if nothing like this happens.  By the way, I don't believe that if it doesn't happen then maximum this video will be of fifteen-twenty minutes, that much will be a waste of your time, okay but I will guarantee that pension will not happen, okay and one more thing I am telling you that people, it is your choice to take bath in my videos.  The issues of 10 to 20 minutes become big, they remain small if you watch daily and follow for 50 days, your blood pressure will start getting better, you should monitor your daily basis, now if you speak, it will be big like that.  He is saying try it completely and see if there is any expense in it, he did not ask for water, I will tell him something useful, but between 10:00 and 9:00, while drinking milk with his wife, put turmeric with the horse, that if you do.  This work is done by many people, things seem to slide, I get many comments, this video of yours is very good, it is the reverse and straightforward thing which tells this channel report is limited light not becoming rich it is not becoming.  Quite be something coming in life but this potli vikalp good life so my photo is only on that thing so that you people can like a good thing so in this channel it's all about the I had explained by doing four winners that trending video of mine is not liked by many people.  I have seen, the more you watch, the more you will understand. This video is Mindset C. Its number 3 is that if you understand, then His blessings will be different. There are many things which cannot be understood at once, show patience in it, show news where there is confusion, only those things will be found, okay then?  The next point is that do not post photos of animals. People have set up a factory. Its state meaning is that there is sourness in your relationship, there is tension, children do not think about your words or your person cannot remember the institution, there is tension in your life and by suppressing it.  If you keep it till then you will have to face incidents, this is straight forward, I am telling you openly, people can call theirs, mine, it is okay, they can call it, but I am telling the base rate one, if it is not applicable in your life, then it has genuine application.  This is an example of a fresh one, there will be some other things in it, the farmer went to fill the water, something like this is fine, but mostly you people also put photos in the cages of animals, please do not put the marketing of children, the children who are yours, who are at the age of 20, 22, 23.  Children below 24 years of age are fine, they are young, they have kept Pune for 15 year old children, they took your number but who is practical, children have made strange DPs. Tell them that the child has made Chakli, made some loose cheese, made it for the market, made something normal, whatever you make, whatever you see, the mind will become the same, so try to control them a little and try to grate them, if you can show them the video of this one, please.  Show me, now the question comes that after taking a dip in it, you will learn to see an idol. If you heard the story then what are the most idol things of one of his daughters? First of all, you should be alone, there should not be many people in it, there should be a man, there should be a straight look.  want back inside it  You should be worried, if you are doing it inside the house then it is fine but now if you can do it in India, it is very good, there is a lake, there is a press, there is water, there is a very good sea, now the second final is interesting and the sea will also work, it is okay, there are mountains, everyone has their own. With electrification, the video will already be numbered and we will be done but the simple things are given below which is a very good thing, so if you are looking at this kind of tips rate, then you are okay to do electronic media, many of which girls tell girls. Taking a photo with my mother, she is more clingy. I noticed that weddings are late, that this marriage is late, that's why it is this and this is the mystery in this, the egg came first, the [ __ ] came first, this is not a matter of buffoonery in this, but that our  Group and exploited like this, so it is coming as if I have told my treatment myself. Keep my name in the following as if I am taking a photo, I mean, I have said that I have to send someone special to them, I am like this on my own. Went  I like him, why did he do this, I have so much knowledge, I am smart, I am mine, why not me for 2 seconds and it comes from within, so we have to add him and try to make it great, I also know that my  The wounded knowledge will come out, which I am suppressing and giving little by little. If the moon comes out on its own, it will be reflected in my body language. If there was no confidence issue, then in the same way, you should not be judgmental in doing these lights. Don't judge by looking at others. All of you. You are in the category of 95 percent. When you change your deputy by channelizing yourself from within, your energy will start changing. You will start facing problems in the country in fifty-sixty days. Many people will face problems in just five to six days.  If you like this video, please like it and please send it to all your friend circles. I feel that I will drop a slightly larger audience in future videos.  And let me get interesting, some will become big, some will become small but you will have to show so much patience Bigg Boss, how many categories have I covered, I am sorry you must for all in one object, are you not able to understand it or are you not able to do something at home?  If you want then I will present it to you and tell you the beautiful and excellent logic. I will reveal all the things which are not known in the video. Thank you madam.