What happened was that Hello friends, this is the point of my video on WhatsApp in Har Ke Kuch Kahti Hai last video which is part one of size, tips and torque are positive, these reviews and many people have changed their DP and questions were asked among the devotees on this police.  I was not able to cover many things in the video, so I will cover the pan in this video. Antique Ruby, I am the last one. Whoever will make the next one from this, whoever watches this video of mine first, is requested to watch part one and then in this  I have also done some demonstration and told some things which I will not repeat in this, so whoever is watching this S8 first form and watching the password, I have a request to get it on my channel, please watch the first part of this, so these  Continuation, which should not be a DP, the next cutting is the last one, the black DP that we have applied can be a straw, you don't know how to apply DP, which in today's light, your opponents apply, if you want to apply another one.  Question: It may be that you are not in a good mood, I am not good or you do not want to show yourself, the thing is not verified but you do not put it on the line that you will place any trees or plants in it below the match, okay you are free.  Don't put end and put it as you want. Thanks for improving. Well, there are some people who are in such jobs, they are in such a situation, the situation is such that they do n't want to put it, it's strange and  Subscribe What does its administrator have to do? It should be a good image of the gallery from where you are taken out. Put a DP on whatever place it is. Aunty had come to this place. This photo should have been taken by Aa, so there is internet in the grinder.  It should not be lifted from this place, your health thing is gone and these should be of steam only, you will apply them, this will get laid, second one is in this, you like this, as soon as you get married, do the court as soon as the fifth marriage happens, but do not always put distortion in it. Hydrates this number latitude pocket images you from someone like we are old by taking photos of your real ones you requested someone your end you in that she is doing the third in this I have seen that people can absolutely take the key of their face in this  There is nothing behind, nothing is visible, only the face is visible, don't do so much, that grease of yours is as much as passport size, so you should not be able to see it. Now enough, also ask me that this is telling all the things, see, it means how.  I am telling you about food  I would like to say that all the things are written because whatever is written must have been written after asking someone. Someone should tell me how it fulfills them at some point and we also agree, so basically I will tell you that if you believe then Mother Ganga.  And if you don't believe then flowing water then it is your choice because the first video is quite life so I am telling so in that also I have told a lot so it was like this so I am telling many things in it I said about it that I will tell people  tell by investing  I have sent a message to all of you in that form, forward to Soumya, please like it for 15 inches and did not tell it to people, but I have a request to all of you here that you all should lose the thousand subscriber base that I have on YouTube.  In light system, we live our question time, it can happen that one person is happy and the other is 50. Noida and it is also necessary to release, the number has increased so much that it  We are interested in the fact that I am not able to answer all of you, you are my relation, I am not able to answer anything in this video, I am you, so I will try to comment on some of those who are not able to answer, in this video you all are crying or when I am not able to answer.  You will become subscribers of my very interesting topics, there will be thousands of them all over the license, we will connect with 50 of them in the porn sector, the question that one of them will have can be of any kind, like this, after listening to its recording, diet from Amazon like.  Special Topic Vedic Riti So Agri Business In this, there are business people who were showcasing something else, this is my YouTube channel, so I have to make idli from my YouTube channel, second perfect, is there any scooty in this, are you busy in doing some work?  Do you have any job, you can apply for something like this but one thing has to be kept in mind that it is your work, I will assign you only that. If you are working in the same organization, it means that you should be in basic tilt and flight mode.  Now because your partner will tell you anything out of respect, it means he is telling all this, then it is basically right that you will increase your energy and you will have most of the line tablets in each and you will also understand the things that I am telling in each.  If it is less, then let us now set a rough calculation, I have made the specific calculation, baby, there is no change that you have to increase your individual identity and you have to increase it - so basically next to this, people with Indians also have their own photographs. What happens in the address is that you think that you are very important, you made me your DP but you are the only one who gets spoiled, all that energy is taken away by the politician with the check and according to you, if you want to eat once again on the friend circle, then yes.  Okay, apply it for a hang, apply it for two days and stick to it, I have been very lucky for many people, Ali, see that 2268 I have ever met any Chief Minister, Prime Minister, anyone, he was in love, and half of the people around him are also there for the same reason.  Don't use animations and cartoons, it suits children, they are below 18 years of age, if you are older than West, then you should not do this political thing like this. Some people have given their old photos of 6 8 10 12 months. 2 years old place, more beautiful, good answers, it was looking good, he has kept that one and the account he has is visible, right, that person has kept it, my request is that you can change your DP in 3 to 4 months for 5 minutes.  And if you are looking good till 30 then you can keep the old one also but if you have changed and you have become a little vitamin then only apply the one with withdrawal, don't show yourself, it is fine, if you have become particularly beautiful, better ok.  So you York is fine but for the sake of quality many people do not blacken their hair. Okay if they are not looking beautiful then they have kept their old hair on. Do n't do this by deceiving yourself and sit negative about blackening the hair. more black hair than anyway  You should not do this, I have told this in my old video also, it is directly related to Saturn, there are some zodiac signs on which Sade Sati is going on, right now I should definitely invite him, if he really feels like it, then he will come.  You do it in the ground, which is number two, do it, don't do the one which is fried, and have an example, that is, you guys, what am I doing? People say, change your vision. Who will have a perspective on this occasion, then our old thing that has come to mind is that this is how I feel, if you guys change your mind then life itself will start getting better and if your mind does not change then like is fine.  Will it not be good? Okay, so these were fat people. Let me tell you, there is one more thing in this that in my photo, some of us were taking support, I was sitting on someone's railing, many of these people sit with their cars, many with bikes.  Don't show it along, your car may be very expensive.  Yes, okay, so when you have all the knowledge of the recent rally of the car, which woman, grandmother, till date, this lamp will also be a big victory, this is WhatsApp, this is exactly them in the university, on WhatsApp, I am a little more on WhatsApp, the soil sacrificed everything for Instagram, a lot on Twitter, where That you are showing your face to the world, everywhere in the middle of Italy, if you should show a car, then what do you want to show that if you have bought a new car, then every quarter inch of the car is owned by some people who are in the police.  Somewhere in the military, children take part in uniform. Okay, so this is a Mohit cycle, which means that option Tenali is written on the back of the vehicle, Police Lawyer Journalist Jat, etc. So what do you want to show, if you want to show modern, then this thing is all his opinion.  If you reach there then there is the government, that too does not have to be written but these things are very important for you to reach higher in life, this is a game till the orange thing, if you understand this then you all do it and end  After all, in this, I wanted to tell you that the one who has Bluetooth in it, there is an option to tell that, those who add notice can turn it off in such a way that your own person does not know that you have read the message on it.  Your writing is based on trust and pure elements which make your life very irritable and uncertain and things will become such that no one will want to associate with you that much, hence you can have a very great presence in it, I can find him in it. But I don't understand one basic thing that you messaged someone, he replied to this message, then you messaged him, now when this one did not go well, then this guy has come to know that basically the problem of question paper is yes till now.  That your mood is not good. You have read this protein. So the man without beauty came to know that you hid this thing, then by doing this, many children, many people associated with me said that they are from me, so I told them that our boss.  He would have read this, we don't want to tell, if we don't want to do this, then my advice is that don't do it like this, okay in this edition I will tell you one more thing, my voice has been there for many years, is there any person whose number is in our phone list?  There is another name and he becomes ours, he is afraid of me, this is our feeling towards him, you can type it in something else, we change his name a little like yours, whose name is Sangwan, so you are always the destination.  You don't like him Take the name as another example, you don't like the person, that liability is not only here but you are trapped in it, try doing this small thing with the person. People keep numbers with wrong names. Their enemies are the type who are on the line.  You can't give them less, don't forget that in future you will get a packet for 15 days. Whoever you are, that person with whom you are troubled, like Om did Bigg Boss in-laws when he was hungry, or Muskaan you are the mother-in-law, but even if Tissue owner of the mouse, then write father-in-law, okay, write 'daughter-in-law, queen'. I am telling you for the sake of breath, okay, write 'daughter-in-law', it doesn't look very good to you, you have a problem, I have put some number for her, then it is okay to write 'daughter-in-law, queen' or she is his daughter-in-law.  It is okay for someone who has a name in front of his/her eyes and try doing things like this, even in 15 days you will notice the difference in the situation. Next time he/she calls, will he/she tell you something is wrong like this?  It won't seem like you can try it. Take the feedback, the previous one was very positive, let this one also be positive and you people will take me towards one subscribers. Those husbands who are watching are worse than wives, then I should spread them in many circles in your family, those subscribers who enter these videos are good.  It seems as if they are doing some value addition by putting it in a separate office. If I don't believe in these things then there is no need to switch off here. Tell him all this useless thing.  I have it all and mine is lying above, if you don't like this dish then please want many more topics in it, it is about investment, money is just a series, if it is state, it depends on many, if it is match making then it is very different.  There are videos too so you can watch them and if you have subscribed a thousand then you can watch or when the edition is released and it will be released then I have requested everyone to like and share. Thank you.