Hello friends, this is today's topic, you have to share this video among fifty to hundred people, whoever buys property inside Haryana, wants to buy property in Gurgaon, this is the topic which will start with four plus seats, first a little.  Well, there was a spark, now it is getting bigger, we will discuss about it, what can be its rapper questions, what are the stupid things in it, what players can be involved, government, common man, builders, what else can happen and common man  You should know about it and what benefit you can get from this date. I came across and made them for myself. I am a supporter of adverbs and general public. I am a builder's side and not a government person. Different players who are playing the match.  And I have seen you with my eyes, comment, it has the least number of entries, although I am telling you, I am not controlling the game, I am telling you about what is happening in the game and enjoy it, you also have knowledge, you do the game, government.  A few days ago, he had said to increase the FIR and a letter from him had come out and had said that public opinion was also sought, so that program was going on, then we have started that the infrastructure is crumbling due to creation of remote places for And this is in very old sectors and do it in new sectors. Who are these people who are demanding this? And after talking somewhere there, if this is stopped by going to the High Court, a letter has been issued, this will happen in the whole of Haryana and there is so much noise.  is about this  While Hooda produces things worth creating noise, but then after getting S10 Plus and doing more, will it be taken back? The rates of the plots are 2.5 lakhs, I don't know how many lakhs should be kept in Gurgaon, should they fall? Prafulla Oh no, what are the sectors? What is the meaning of definition of old and new tractor and if this test plus form is not wanted then no one is telling what the public wants. If there is no sesame plus form then what should happen Grand Prix Plan Plus To back to 1.61 1.8 1458 We reduce, we take out the state, what is the problem that old people are facing, those who have houses, those who do not have a strata, they want that just as their cars remain parked outside and remain a nuisance, so does everything else.  There may be 2000 tents, if the plot is in a sector then there will be 10,000 vehicles parked outside and the 9 meter road will be converted into 24 meter road.  It is given that people park their vehicles even after making their Green Belt, okay then that system should work like this, that system is very good, it is broken, the system is broken, the system is very strong, we will not butt off in Jhingalala system, we mean  Star Plus, which has become a fore, has caused the system to collapse, otherwise I will give some time to the extreme anger, a little patience, this movement will become like the past, loyalty, I will take a long breath, I will tell you again, while awakening the Guru element, it is okay, there was confusion, where is its tail?  Are the builders of Deendayal being caught? Any good is being put to the question because the rates of New Gurgaon have gone up and those of Deendayal have become Rs 110000. This is just the beginning of the story. They increase by Rs 15000 every day. Remove energy enhancing foods. I am going to tell you what is happening, whether the plots that you have just sold in the option and the plots that some person has bought, have they bought this dream or not?  Those people who say that I will take out this 446 of handkerchief and will make this one of cloth along with it, if you could have asked him then you could have built your house on it, then he bought it by bidding and even today he is ignorant of these things, those who do not know about you  If in the market the rate is half as good as 33 cents, then wherever there was a gujarat of Rs 1.5 lakh, those who bought it did not buy it, say Rs 1 lakh, and those who have bought it, share the video right now, what stupidity?  It is happening that the brother who has just taken the plot, I will make a four in the chest on him because he will feel cheated, if someone ruling left right comes then he will remain silent. 5 10 20 people who have no value in quantity, there is no vote bank either.  He and J are doing this work by influencing someone, so I am making the public aware that it is okay for you to be fooled and fooled, you stop that clock, this is a loss for everyone, whatever.  What is it to all those who are playing games on plots and the rates of flats are also increasing that they will have to tell you anything to get the thing worth 13 thousand rupees? You will have to write in the comment section that what is the real thing in becoming a stilt?  Regarding making two rooms inside the printer, just a few days ago the court has issued a letter that brother, you can make your ad of 16 square meters, guardroom and a bathroom. There is confusion as to where and who is creating it.  Who has these difficult confusions? The public is creating the wisdom. Are there any people among the public whose house has come in the middle? The builder is building on the left side as well and on the right side too and they are feeling cheated. If they feel cheated then they too  You should break it and make it yours, you should shoot it, but a person who dies is just a button, neither does anything from it, nor does it lead to progress, nor can anything be seen ahead in his life, so he just complains that that's it, that's it.  be junk Go, if all the sector magistrates become plus stars, I can imagine myself, if all of you, wherever you live, become sector plus stars, then you will look very good and all the electrical wires have been ground, they are being crushed and they are collecting taxes. Suppose if there was only one pipe in the house of government and sewerage, then brother, tax it so much, then this green distribution which has been kept by the vehicles keeps happening on the vehicles, then you have to set a program under it, do a little, it will go towards the expenses, half the direct system.  What is it that you are not taking the registration? What is the government? If the percentage builder floor was registered then Rishi Lahiri, is he getting the rent in that system, other things are coming, there is shortage of power, Gurgaon has it, surplus city, Haryana, involve power surplus, no shortage.  There is a lack of something that helps in creating confusion. There is no lack of people who create confusion. There is a lack of people who give clarity. The problem is that someone finds something wrong next to my house.  There was a combination of building a house next to the house and building two floors, the same amount of crying will come out when a house is built in the neighborhood, if you have built the house with queens batten or the next person himself gives 20 minutes, this distance of six feet is according to the original.  You have to leave, for that you want to change the entire Arun of Haryana, you have not made the basement and the next one will make the basement, then only by shifting the store keeper, the distance year rule is for correction and if this is violating the rule.  So action will have to be taken against his guest FIR team and his dress because if he followed the law then support should be stopped for him and no one should do anything. According to me, this is very wrong but one thing, now the reactions that I am seeing are this.  It has spread now once people start doubting that some such order may come, maybe the rates of plots will start falling, Hooda and such Sharda Gaur should be broken within the dealer, according to me it is fine, if it does not fall, then you  look  Giver tell me brother, auto is coming, second thing is that I feel that now people's inclination towards plots will start increasing, turn on karta like premium, stay within it, do n't know what is the rule here. It will become tight and it will go because of the comments that you all will write on the video that I have just made, I am expecting that you will do it like twice, no steel plus point, it will be so much that people will say that if it doesn't happen then I will be fine.  already If you have seen my videos then these builder floors which are built in these sectors, I was against them, I am fine because Dave and Bean Constructed it was against but now I am not talking for them but this stupid thing which I am against him saying that in this test, my seven-eight vehicles are being taken inside and outside my area is being kept clean and if my vehicles are not parked on the road, then someone  The problem is this and everything is stuck in it. Everything is looking the same. The plot is getting tightened. Lifts are being installed inside. People will be able to climb up and down easily at every place. The bathroom is being built, it is looking clean and smooth, so what should be changed in it now? I have said many times that the public is its own enemy and by arresting 10 members of the public, only by getting them to write a letter, an order is passed which will benefit others and it is shown that the public has been benefited.  If I am going, then this greeting is complicated, what is your opinion on this, I request you all with folded hands, whatever is the issue of my interview, whatever I have posted, whatever is the issue, write it in the comment section and discuss.  Do, I am taking the platform under this video and share this video with the people that this is a vote to know who all the people are who live inside the sector because vote bank politics will be played if there is vote bank politics.  So By asking the public, it does n't take any time to vote, by making noise, everything is fine for achievement and when will you change the room, those who have just passed the maps, those whose houses are being built, those who have got SIM, this plot  If you are thinking of taking a walnut then stop taking it until it becomes clear that you will go back thinking caste and class for law then change means left hand is not knowing what toe is right hand.  Has been one hand of all this writing this letter otherwise writing this letter situation of confusion and very funny date and home guard gone integer ok so keep this situation going and tell more stories then how did you like this video tell if subscribe the channel  If you haven't done so, please do so. I will keep coming up with such practical things. Please discuss this thing. Decide, this feeling is going to become a  I was serious, now the more I thought about it, the more I have come up with it. I have to include the second third fourth product in it, where is Ultimate leading it, what is going to happen ultimately, that is, the upload of 140 yards of Deendayal's Chittor Love.  Now we will take loan on that too, now we have sold these plates, there is a loan of up to Rs 1 lakh, there is a contractor in place and also a carry packer, so what is happening?  Stop taking the plot until it is verified and all these Deendayal's floors are click ink system, it will be made by me, wash them, it is yours, if anyone has any problem, then at all he will be told.  This is a new sector, so that spicy new Gurgaon seems to have a pocket, does it seem solid in new Gurgaon, no, tell me, whatever rate you were asking, what is the price?  It is coming out or it is not coming out, you tell me if it is okay then I will continue to do destruction and discussions on it but it has already started doing markets and after this video is made and you people watch the video and when you increase its awareness then  This will affect the market, it is okay and stop fooling around in the debt market, if you do n't have clarity then fold all the others and then if you want to stop this, then the government should stop these options because the government too.  She is working as a builder, when she is returning, then try to promise something and then get her to change that promise, this cannot happen, that is very wrong because when that cost is off line, X+Y+Z+ comes. Some Tulsi Access Request Auckland Rice Construction's Post Justice Builder's Margin IS Cost of Fund Equity to Staff and If it comes out then how much can I withdraw the goods in it, I can withdraw 30, I can withdraw four, I can give chit  Vehicle parking may be inside, may not be possible when there is a lot of importance in the end product pricing and all this calculation window, hey brother, thirty five percent can also fall below, yes table can be there, then wake up customer, wake up leaves, whatever you guys stay. Please play this thing, ok then calm down why am I excited ok people you are intelligent please print comment thank you very much don't forget to comment on