Hello friends, I have brought 10 cities of Haryana, there was a lot of demand to know something about their respective cities, so today I am going to tell you the updated and various things that what I think about this subscribe, stay connected, the video will be long but the chapter.  I will give it in the description, if you go to that drain, you are interested in this city, do n't subscribe about it, if you are interested then you can go to that drain, Jhajjar Rewari Jhajjar.  Rohtak, Hisar, Karnal, Panipat, Sonipat and all these Faridabad, when the school which runs separately, wait a little, subscribe, I will tell you only one thing about every district, one word will be my English Politics Right or Politics Rome, I will not tell it too much, what?  Why what should every city do to grow, money will come here, politics has to be right, Gurgaon is the only city in Haryana which does not need politics.  If the government comes and has some wish, then it has to do good by accusing the entire state and eats it from the city, but in the rest of the small districts, it can have a big impact here, then the politics of Ambala Cantt should be run by the right minister, important local MLA, there is a lot of interest.  I am taking it in Ambala Cantt, I am using the word, there you can see the rates in Mahesh Nagar and Defense Colony, you will get good rates and it is expected to increase if you are commercial.  If you want to see then Nicholson Road can be seen that General is a relaxing city, it is a very old cantonment, it is a very old city, since the news of the opening of Cantt has come from it, there is a stop rule there, there is a mall road, if you want. Old Bangla Bangla who speak Grahan Bungalows whose death word is if someone gets something then I can't think of a better heaven than that. If you have money, if you are from Delhi or Dhundhili then I will take you there and work on Mall Road.  I have my own fun, it is old world charm, there is a lot of peace in that city, it is my very favorite city, I have spent the time of my life there, I personally like it, but here I am telling you from the investor point of view, I have said some things.  You have mentioned that those who are in retired government offices should go to Chandigarh instead of going to Chandigarh because Chandigarh happened and cannot be done. I know proper Chandigarh is there and I would like it in Zirakpur and Greater Mohali.  If you people will not go, then if you are a resident of Haryana and are a retired person and belong to the government service, then Ambala Cantt. Meanwhile, Police for its value for money and happiness and peace in it, old age incident, everything is good and properly mix MP3 Police and  Ambala Cantt, so I have given a new confidence to a city for my audience and those who want to roast such cities and were getting left and right, least discovered. Ambala Cantt, good food items are available, there is a good market, everything is very fun there, right from Chaat Papdi Chaat to buying old world top items, this model has all the facilities here, so we have covered Ambala Cantt, now let's move ahead to the story of Shabd.  People are investing their money in the wrong place by interpreting a little ROM, it's something, like, quote, jewelry, airport, will do well, then the retention will be very big. Don't run behind the factory, there is a story story story, if not every man is worthy, then there is a local knowledgeable man for whom you have to do something by subscribing there with a person, there is a pea in the Virender Sehwag school and that too [  Sangeet] 2018-19, Reliance is growing everywhere, people should do it ultimately, I want to tell you all, I will make a separate video for that, decision making.  We should pay attention to the process, it should be right, all our decisions are based on the weakness of the police team. I explained the decision making process and under that process, buying is not done there and you did not buy and after not buying, you came to know that the rates have increased.  So you will say that I am a fool and if you followed me then you are also a fool, this is the normal way but the biggest thing in the decision making process is the tax man is local, so if you like me then the difference is in this.  So in this, you have to take a decision for the next 40-50 years, then if you follow your decision, then you will be somewhere in the fourth property, in the third, for 10 years, 15 years, the box is always the receiver which I have to take in life.  If I give an example of buying a share, then what I have drawn, I note that I am taking this hair for this reason and making this story and this sorry like this.  Loot share in Hogi Mahadev became double-triple, then when I saw that my story was somewhere in the play list, some other season's fair was organized and the rates increased, I never saw myself in it, health policy, I saw that my luck  It's good that I had thought of something, it went a bit but I am not good at editing, so when you were doing the ironing decision making process, I was a little nervous that a detailed video can be made on this. If you want to listen to that video, then you can read decision-making.  Dam write in the comment section then I will tell you all about it. Decision-making in Jhajjar Smart Residential Plot for Justice for its hard to interrupt but ultimately till the party will spoil like the party will stop in Jewar Airport Residential Plots for passing  While playing The Parcel, you turn your head to the child and the music stops at any time. If the music stops, it remains with him and cannot be given to the next child. If you have to cook food, you will have to do it.  If you do n't know when the song fades out and you have to dance, then don't play such games which work only according to one music, when the music stops, then that guy has given you a place where you can see the picture of the ward, I want people to stop hanging. Food Security 10 12 pound inch this Ward-34 subscribe Video [Music] Okay so subscribe that and subscribe then I told you then the next Pataudi also absolutely Jhajjar Jhajjar  Where are you, the title is standing, meaning where is one and a little is in the net, distance voice mail is almost the same, it is tasty and running in Pataudi also, there are HUDA sectors, there also the rate is running at 28-30 thousand, it will increase.  It will increase so that in the area I don't think how we can benefit the investor, we can increase the rates, there also some local man shares with his friend Louis Day thing, which we take in the warehouse.  There is a lot of work involved in taking the fire NOC, changing the land use, Tuesday, I just bought a farm, made something, then people will come to keep the same because the companies that go there, it is your Amazon and the likes who will use your warehouse ever.  Also like this, they have their own sections of balance, they will not pick it up like this and keep it like yours, it is also a cooperative but you will have to type in it with some jugaad man who knows how to get all these things and licenses.  And according to that I know him speaking mission pipe burst yes money in the year and that six laneing which is happening in Pataudi they's diet will create opportunities mode on supported but will be in this place which app topic real estate from Shubhendu such  Don't pick up and go to buy a plot wondering which one to buy in a non-cooperation plot, what to buy, sorry, your job, you have to pay attention to it because there are people of helpless level among you. Now all of you are taking plots, those with Rs 1 crore are not going to go and live there and the people of officer level ribbon are not going to come to your Pataudi, they are not going to get uplifted to the level that you are thinking of.  Okay, it will be good, it will be fine but it will not go to that level and that, I tell you the story of Australian real estate again and again, thank you tell me, it is cancer, it does not come even five kilometers away, meaning yes, the rates are so much, you check this.  do it Check the rate of 2 BHK in Sydney. Inside the city, he goes to drink milk for five minutes. There is talk of going 28-30 kilometers away. People will never say that he will not go. That distance itself is never a matter of life. It will seem that he will go away.  There is so much population, that's why I am the Bumrah of Jewar, in fifty-sixty kilometers, there are man's children in between, there is nothing here, there is nothing here, there is some activity happening here, this will come, that will come.  Irrfan Bhojpuri film is upcoming, Shahrukh Khan ji is going to shoot a lot in it, I will make a separate topic sometime, then Pataudi is like that point is that but not for everybody, so just that, thanks to you all, ur not getting excited about it, it is also ok then. Garlic comes from Vani Tripathi, it is a very good story, Patna Discover Tripathi's location is very good, the face is good, the people of the marriage are very different, a very good thing.  I want to tell that the people of Rewari are disciplined, merit list should be made in comparative city Haryana, Prashant's story on his face, politics is fine favorite, although MP is the ruling party and at that time but politics of please, it will not affect me, the rates will increase, the plot will make it great, it is fine.  Below understands that he is our Yadav brother and is a resident of this place and has money. This sidewall is the slide of this politics. There is a little bit of politics right here, if some products come then something comes.  There is a lot of tension, the location is strategic according to me, it is right on the border of Rajasthan, near NH8, the team is near ICC, there can be a lot of industrial hub here, there is a lot of warehouse, there is scope for brass programs and it was well revised at the first time.  A lot can happen, there is a lot of tension, but right now I can't tell anyone with specifics, so you will make it okay whether the next wave will come to the cities or to Rohtak and so on. With great irritation, I am telling only one thing, what is the latest thing and this December, according to protein, I am telling you what happened in Rohtak Block, Rohtak, the rates were increased and that one in Madhu area, compensation or no one.  My Favorite: Unemployment will increase. There is a local war there, now all of them are not coming to do any job. Gurgaon Builder: The game of builder is being played a lot, so those who played in the beginning are the ones who are making profit. Those who are blotted will be removed, listen carefully, comfortably, even if you do not have a gym, you have a plot in Rohtak not after July 2021, you are not able to earn ₹ 1 profit from your builder flat, sorry, I am telling you the edit and very very very  If I work hard, then this is news for you. It is okay if you have bought the plant at the price of July 2021 after that, it will not work. Falguni teaches that you have increased the rate more than Gurgaon.  The rates have increased more than Gurgaon. If it cannot be more than Gurgaon, then even the people agree that if it is not there, but you will increase it, you have increased it in Sector-2. You have increased a lot of space and till the rebellion, there is so much confusion that the rates are in Sector 25 side.  There is so much chilli and it is so high, the rates increase so many times within a radius of two kilometers, there must be some logic, if my rate here is this much, then shouldn't it depend on my distance of 2 minutes?  There can't be this much order in any Islamic bill capture plant. Now, in the short term, there is ruckus. Attack is an app. Till it becomes famous, we all think that ours is fine, our arrogance is fine, mine is so much, it is so much, it does not work in the long term when that  No one comes on rent and this stops Dharmendra Singh, at what rate will the builder floors not be shown to you because the cotton will not come, someone did the magazine, bought the thing at an expensive rate, then the material became expensive, the cent became expensive, making it expensive  It has happened as per the plan, it is taking a lot of effort to make money these days, it is no longer easy to make money, take ice and their rates, if you increase your rates, then you will not even get interest on your costing. If you keep that much money in the bank for the day match, then your savings become more and I want to tell you one more thing and what is happening in the North Femina is lying for everyone who is from Rohtak and lives in Rohtak.  For them, the message screen is getting huge at this very moment. I am telling them the latest messages which I have just given are not getting online and are being sought after time which is 22 3 months.  If we get the time, then how did it happen that we were buying something after selling everything, so I had to give the money for it, he had to give it to this person, therefore, I had to give that property to him, the property was close to only one outsider, as if it was shaky, wasn't it?  The whole system was shaken by the hand, he was mostly the contact who picked up the files, it was Ramesh Shayari who was picking up the files, he was working for an hour, the dealer picked up the file, I will find a customer in the future, now I take this much money from him, marketing strategy of boom in the market.  The worst situation is with the dealers, especially those who are less educated and mean that now people get angry while using them, but Rohtak will not be angry with me first, okay consider it as your teacher and forgive me because if you are in such a game.  If you are going to get trapped, then you are guiding me. Who am I to reduce your related issues alone and do that? I am telling you this good thing. Let me tell you people that now don't laugh, anti labels don't mean anything.  I do n't know which ones have gone wrong and there will be a correction, but you all are like this, so you all will not reduce the rates, sit like this for 10 years, 5 years will be left, and then where have I remembered your story, have been doing this for 5 years. sat that I  I had taken this much type, I have made Hawabaazi, it has reached that level, so my device is a little better than my own, turn on the price school, I have bought things at the quoted rates, the Android device for Rohtak city is very good, everything is good, but if the rate is meaningful, then  If you buy anything too expensive, it will never be of any use to you and there is a city 70 kilometers away, go there sometime and buy something, don't spend all your money in Rohtak, you will go there in the qualities you used to get a job in India.  In Rohtak, Rs 11000 was charged, but this America will give you Rs 11000. Then read it and it will come out that this has been done, this road has been printed, there is cost to corruption in these and these people are not like that after reading a lot, it is very expensive for you in Gurgaon, this is not in Gurgaon, it is not like that.  The cost of land is almost the same, the difference is in the rate of land, you people will give the land, you have made it equal in many sectors, then what is the child, you have made Rohtak a village. Then officer will make the same treat, if you want to reach daughter, do not waste, minion, rush, quality, properties and all its people, all government servants and all the people who belong to Rohtak and thinking from Bengal to Tak please click and white you can give it means all together.  Not equal to reduce love stories in our country, take it in sector 25 and return in 27. These options are available in this.  They are coming from here, they are coming from there brother, this period has passed, the gas is not there, peep into the property, the school is no more, it should not be taken, it is mine, it is WhatsApp by one year back but no it is not done by a group of  Knowledge and skill develop, this is ok, how many films have you experienced, please write this in the comment section, let's move towards the next city, next deep, subscribe, like and Subscribe Nuvvu Subscribe 38 People and but it is okay and also to some extent Politics Computer Notes and Subscribe There is nothing like this in Hisar I am not able to understand, you have some story near Delhi, it is okay for a villager to buy a plot in the city due to increase in the rate but to  But it's been 10 minutes there subscribe already as pain by telling you to front arm hole but in Haryana people missed a story of yours along with that so that in the city  Will not allow you to enter and then this phone has been cleared with the people of Haryana, so did it go Aishwarya, tell me but you cannot control it from the market, if you are buying something of 270 yards in Hisar, then it is not a garment but hand wash.  The rentals that are there are not there and now the person who comes from the city or village will definitely come to Hisar. Main Join Hisar Rally. Feel Apps 225 minutes that something is good for me but if you  If you have been living in Hisar for 25 years and then you are buying more property there, then what progress has happened in your life and what is raw in you is very likely to pick up the job. Imagine the journey of government job. You tell me you are a person who belongs to Hisar. Want to buy property for novel and supported the government job forget eclipse field work will work in part features tele and se job and daughter to put more money and definition of  And Hisar 's is this Nehra till Karnal Politics is the city of very great CM Sahib, so everything about it is good-good but some private colonies are developing there, it is getting very good, the traction is grand, the rates are increasing.  Good thing, appraising is also fine, so along with Karnal it seems that it is a little further Kurukshetra, after getting Kurukshetra understood, I will do the same with him, both of them together, Kurukshetra. Even in Kurukshetra, the rates have not increased as much as the rates of Kurukshetra, handing over the amount to Hooda, today the sugarcane juice is not coming out there because now this builder has constructed the builder floor, but I am watching his train start.  If I am there then there is juice, so whatever you can do in Haryana, but we have to play the game of builder floor people, so we told you about this city, maybe you were playing in Rohtak, so I go away a little. If the phone is connected to Kurukshetra, then do not play the game in Rohtak. Play the game in Kurukshetra. You can play it in Karnal. Karnal Politics Right is a clean and peaceful city. Honey and everything is easy. It cannot be taken. No restrictions have started being lifted there but you can buy it.  This point is fine Nehra ji Panipat Politicians in Panipat are not the right second thing Its Panipat Historically all these problems are not of these cities which  Industrial is sent, cough is fine, ok Champcash, this is like Panipat, so one of them is the National Highway and it is spread like this, meaning it is not spread much like this, it is spread much like this, there is something here, something or the other is old.  If there is nothing, then one best got ignored, it has become a city, those aspirations cannot be expressed as sweet things, I take it here, take it, politics is not tight, there is no such leader, there is no such project, there is nothing in it  Don't think historically, look at the three battles near Panipat, the name of Panipat is very limited to that, it is okay that Panipat, everybody knows handloom, all this kind of textile work is very good but that city related point officer diet create and annotate is related to it.  There is a story that those kind of people come and come, it is better then do not set up a Panipat block like oil in Panipat, the money is a little away.  The city is yours, so if I state it, then apply butter, I am the only one, this is the number of the four-wheeler, Haryana, write plus in the address, it is okay with full, Bahadurgarh is waving till Bahadurgarh is getting worse than Panipat, but on Bahadurgarh, I am the first.  I can also make a video of my day, you can watch the video, there is a lot of pollution in Delhi, there is a lot of garbage, all the movements take place there, and the rest of the politics were in this, meaning the politics of every place is the worst, that is the belt politics of Bahadurgarh.  Where politics is chronic that no one has made something, don't encroach on it, don't break it, don't break it, make it joint, if all the politics whips like this then it will be about to become Akshara and it is going towards becoming Akshara, there is no change in it. Can a man think that I have taken out my balcony on the road to talk about mine, no one should break it and you are a local politician below, he should go and fight and mine should not be broken and if I have achieved anything, then this is yours.  Achievement is done, you will vote and someone will also die, but increase the ad till your city. The crowd of Delhi which is being chased away from there, those factories of yours which are legal, plastic and chemical ones, which have no owner, means you  There are no norms, now things are getting sour in Chhattisgarh, seeing the population created by all the pollution, it is very clean, maybe someday it will be cured in 25 years when the stubble  Will also start but they are adding poison to the water. This special team with Yasmin was formed and it is increasing. Appointment soon, if you have any side effects, you can leave as soon as possible in your life because I am going to come into this world mid-day.  - Have you ever taken a meeting with a good resident, there are relatives living here and somewhere else, this system has to go to meet, it is 300 meters away and in half an hour, you talk to the relatives every day, leave it, I will give it twice, okay.  If you want to earn money then someone else  He will do that shampoo and some day when the voter will cast there and there will be a sensation there, I do n't know if people will come and come out and if you are okay then those are the local residents, I have seen many of the local residents of Bahadurgarh who were the original community of you people.  Do you also know which floor it has gone like this, it is not Gurgaon that is ready, it will go till the Chowk, from the side of many people, from Bahadurgarh to the sugar nickle murderers.  Get tea from here, intoxicants towards horses, foul smell will be present again, if the story is ok, then this will be the clarity of Bahadurgarh, next comes the last one, my Aaj Tak Sonipat and horoscope are ok, we both have daily carat gold, a cigarette from here too.  Politics is not available, there was a story in the horoscope, Rajiv Gandhi Education City was very strong, friends of the government, whatever this sentence is, it will end, quantity should not go with quality.  If you don't stay then the real estate gets finished for 50 years and used to supply so much there, this is the same thing as the one in Shanti Path, Panipat, don't you don't even have any work, nor is there any industry, now I, the one from Kharkhoda, am also in the same place.  I will cover it, I will tell you about Maruti plant, there is no result of breaking anyone's heart, I am telling everyone like my younger brother, I am telling you like my elder brother, as you want to understand, is it okay, brother, I love you so much.  It happens to me too, you buy a lion from the market for minutes, say something else, just do good now and if someone stands with you and talks about a difficult company, then you feel like beating him, this is a natural thing of a human being, so if someone tells you like this about your city.  It is being told that the feelings are there, so how are you saying that after our break up, I accept the feelings, then listen to the story of Sonipat, it is the right there and if the rate has increased at some places, it does not mean that  we not this  Wanted that we were buying lemon, took a little bit of lemon, we had to extract juice from it, its long story, if it is the power behind you, it is energy, it should be long lasting, if it has to go on the wrist in a short time, then there is a boom everywhere or a closed watch.  If you show the time including both the times then it would be correct, it would be 6:00 in the day. Since your watch is not salary, it would show the correct time of the day at 16:00 in the morning and 6:00 in the evening, but that is not very good, isn't it? So something right and a little bit of it from the parties, no matter the story of Kundli is over, there is no story, just Kundli Manesar Palwal starts from here till the bus stop, so what happened, okay, there is a stop, there is a place like this in the world, there are many  There is a place, by the way, that too is a place, TI Kundli and I do n't know what has been made in the world today, something like this, take this, you have no further, that is nothing, it was from the population fund and is going, you are not there, how many of you are there?  Is  Those who say that we will go to Sonipat, settle down, you are going to live in which there is a wrinkle on handing over the bodies, greetings, how many people will you tell me, I am from Mahindergarh, I want to go to Sony, this is my voice, does anyone tell me to go to Sony, someone from Sonipat is the first one?  This is a big thing, ok, so the one from Sonipat must be leaving but no one is coming to Sonipat, this point is too good for water, the place is all the song, the opposition was my distick for all the at&amp;t's eyes.  Hope People Will Take Care Subscribe Video of Faridabad for Pregnancy How many of you are from Faridabad? Please write Faridabad below. How did you like this video? First tell us and subscribe. Or Gurgaon in Haryana is the place which should not be missed.  There are MPs like these tours and they have met their own, there is something happening in Hansi and then if they had another big city then the loop would be home in Chandigarh.  Don't take it in the hips first Capital Chandigarh Why Practical Financial Capital of Haryana is Gurgaon Faisal Capital of Haryana School Village Hand If you are Haryana Washing I request you with folded hands buy anything here whatever is your capacity and you have to take double a little  But take Deen Dayal, take three rounds, your child will not have to pay rent because when your child will pay the rent for a room, after a few years it will be as much as your 10 will die.  If you pay rent on the first floor of the house, then it is a big pain that why not take something here, then this 10,000 device is operated by a trout fish, Haryana. Please, if you know, then share this video with everyone. Whatever question you have, please put it in the comment section.  You can do it as per my opinion, the subscribe button is quality, Robin Wright, the contact is ok in Gurgaon Institute of Politics Keep Changing, so thank you.