Hello friends, we will discuss an interesting phenomenon playing out in 2024. A slightly different video is going to be made, you guys tell me, memes have started forming, I have already felt it, if you have done it, then tell me in 20224 when this video is being shot.  It's 30th January, it feels like it's been three-four months, it's going by very slowly because such memes came that by this time last year, three months had passed, it was very slow.  Do you feel any change because it doesn't seem like any change is happening, it is the year of Saturn, it will last from moment to moment and this feeling is not only in India but many people are feeling it outside too. Are you feeling this? It is a very good feeling, it is a God given kind of thing.  If there is an opportunity to slow things down, you are feeling that something prolonged is happening, people are feeling that February is not coming, that means January is not ending and you will see this trend in the future as well. This is the best time to make the best use of your time, to slow down a bit, to get rid of this hub of our fast paced life that is suppressing us in life and to relax a bit, so that we do not get bored.  Learn new things, eat new foods, visit new places, invest in new places, experience life, this is my message but just look at it, it is very abstract, there is no one away, are you feeling like this? Just tell me in the comment section whether I am feeling alone or some people are feeling then please this is a very very interesting thing and I also did a little prediction on my channel on Sango Saral Astrology if that  If you people have not subscribed then please subscribe, go and see that very easily, practical, nice and lovely thing, there also I tell and teach you, so Shane Shane 2024 number eight.  It seems that when will the results come, whose board's exams, budget, stock market, property, what, what so soon, everyone wants to fast forward like this and now I am making a prediction one year in advance, 2025, you will see it coming out like a rocket, 2023.  It was good in terms of money and other things. For many people, 2024 will be slow. It will make you work harder but you will have to do it. I had made a video about how 2024 will be and it. It was shown in one month, absolutely even I did not know that it would take so much to become this thing, I did not know but now it is visible and try to follow the things which I had told in that video on Sango Saral Astrology.  Subscribe to the channel of 2024, that is Chutku channel, I need your blessings there also and learn it. Many people call me like this here, it is not scientific, it is the story of grandparents, it is scientific. Now this is what I am telling.  This is the feeling, what is the science behind it, you tell me, we look for science behind everything, there is a little history, there is geography, okay, there is civics, there is political science, there is psychology, there is English, there is Hindi too.  Same thing happens, apply astrology, why are you looking for science in everything, you are fine, why are you looking for it in everything, I want to see the logic, feelingless, you are very much.