Hello friends, today's topic is private school fees, many children study in private schools, ours is mostly fine, people do not want to go to government schools, you know despite what publicity only people are doing, mostly people don't go, middle class children are going.  If you are a private school then it will be a waste to discuss that the fees of private school is high, everyone knows that it is high, now I will explain it in this video.  If I say that he is a thief, the government should do something and it should be like this, it should be like that, then many of you will agree, you will get likes too, but okay brother, it is nothing, that will be a cry, that is a fact, schools are built on very expensive real estate. Very powerful people's money is spent. Influential people seem to be taking a lot of subsidy from the government in the name of schools. Okay, so it is not expensive, it is not that expensive and they are not suppose to make profit. True relationships.  Mostly they do not make money on paper, they set up their five-six companies and out of them they look after all the services of the school and if they earn money in those companies, then the school does not earn money. If the fee of Rs 100 crore per year is fine, then the end of the school is  I will show the expenditure of Rs 199.98 crore. Yes, this ₹ 2 lakh is left for us, it is okay, there is no profit, and at what rate have you written the salaries of teachers for cleaning?  At what rate is the salary given? School dress so and so; Threatening Coco; Which books to prescribe; How to perform the function of annual giving? Who is cleaning the school? Who is maintaining the school? Who is giving consultation? This is a huge system in itself.  Well, they do n't leave anything behind, basically their companies get sucked. Okay, now there is an audit for this, but something is clearly shown in the audit that there are many tolatants and that is this.  Not everyone does it and here too the fees keep on increasing because the schools are not audited as much as they should be, in many places the government has made the cap so high that the cap is so high, but on inflation, some people do not have that much. Now, if inflation is 8%, then it is an average inflation. Everything together is 8%. In that, school fees will increase by eight to nine. Checks will increase. Petrol may decrease sometimes, whether it decreases today, whether gold sometimes falls, whether the share market.  even if I fall  If real estate falls then the whole system is running on average, this school fee is on top, it should not be less than ₹ 1 and it is increasing slowly, like if you round off 8%, 9% and 10, then it is a huge hit.  And what is there in this, everyone is facing difficulty even in opening their mouth, it seems that we are poor, have we not educated our children? Moreover, you do not want to appear like such a parent that you are facing a lot of trouble in paying the fees.  schools on this  One is your mental, which is not a mental, it is holding you all here, do your homework, come do attendance, you are missing you child, this is holding them to a mental, you are the only one, education is not only this, it is a system where even money is given to you.  You have to give a performance, you have to do this, here it is not like you went to the hotel, you paid the money and said, 'Brother, the food is good, why is the roti not good, brother? Not this, you also have to make this roti, you also have to prepare the vegetables, you also have to harvest them.  to make  Is it what it is? Just let me make it. Make it today. Do you want to give the paper? If the system is made like this then this is a big advantage of compulsion. Are there any solutions to this? Can there be solutions other than posting it on Twitter?  Whatever it is, do it, I am not agreeing to cry, make noise, increase fees, it means that if you don't even cry on the road, then it will seem like nothing, if you are not being tyrannical, then do that, do everything.  ok what else  You can do it till nursery first second third fourth fifth sixth seventh, the child needs an environment of school, he should see the children, he should see the teacher and he is illiterate, the child is illiterate, the child of 3 years is going to become literate, I think so. In the school system, the amount of effort that the entire system and teachers put in educating a small child is not as much as that of an elder child, whereas the focus is more on the education of an elder child. Tuition has gone from 8th to 11th class. Which subject is 12th and that whole system also belongs to the parents because its base is also being made, due to this, many women have made such a system in the school, you want to see that if your child's school fee is ₹ 15000 and your two  If you have children then your school fee is not Rs 30000, if one is paying Rs 15000 then the school bus is not there, maybe it is Rs 90 thousand, maybe it is Rs 80000, you will say how is it like this?  The system has made it such that for the sake of school education, it could have done 50-60 thousand jobs, it could have reduced it, it could have done something, but it is not able to do anything because this system has made it like this, here we will send you, what do you say, one page class work. And there will be eight pages of homework. Here I am not speaking as a joke or comedy, but as a truth which I have heard with my own ears. Well, I also laughed when I went somewhere and I heard it with my ears.  I read audit etc.  And many people call this, like the parent is saying that my child is like this, they are saying that your child is not good, your child is not good in studies, you must have heard this many times, you too may have heard it or someone else. You must have heard the parent saying innocently, 'Dude, it is not good, that's why I send you to school, school is not good, these days I had periods, I am sending you to Patna also for feedback, this is your child, it is your genes and the father has good notes'.  I am getting up, I am also very intelligent, he is their child, he has the DNA, he is not worthless, it is okay and he is more intelligent than every teacher, in the parent system you will feel bad, but listen to the teachers, listen to me, what am I trying to say today.  I am because if you feel bad then the truth is the level of teachers in India. Is there anyone who can say that I want to become a teacher? If there is anyone then please tell me. People become teachers, they do not want to become teachers, they learn something else, they want something else. Couldn't make it, couldn't make it, couldn't make it, could n't make it, couldn't make it, couldn't make it, so now the biggest system in small classes has been made here. What's wrong with us, that no one wants to become a first class teacher of nursery.  Of course it seems like there is trouble and what girls believe because only girls are the ones, I am saying it because not a man, you have seen the male teacher Nasty, I have not seen it till date when I was in real life. saw so many years ago  Okay, I have n't seen her at that time. I'm okay, even today I am not full. Okay, so she either gets married or has a child or leaves school. What time do you go from nursery to seventh class six?  The class is not settled with the school teacher. Is there a problem now or not? Tell me, it is a big problem. The teachers have their own problems. The school is taking away the pieces of the Dhaba. Parents can open their money. Take out the children from these big schools after 7th. and a business  I am giving a model to everyone else that a school should be opened where the child can go and his fees are nominal and there is a need for more teachers, I do n't know whether the system will allow it or not but we can tell the government that it is okay.  And the parents are teaching their children as per their own. Somewhere, here he is registered for CBSE, he is going to give the exam, testing is being done, it is his and here his fee is ₹ 300 ₹ 500, whatever his paper work is. Now the parents are having a choice about which Physics teacher to study, whom to study Chemistry with, whom to increase Maths, this is a very good thing in the market, the same teachers do not study in schools, they study very well in tissue.  There is also a factor, okay then you suck because you sent the show to a school called good school, why call it a good school because there are some teachers there, all the good ones, all the good ones, all the star teachers, star preachers, not stars. No, some teachers are good but those good teachers do not study your child because your child is in 9th class, I am studying in 9th class, a good Physics teacher is teaching 9c, a good English teacher is teaching your child but he does not study it.  Maybe in some other school there is a good teacher of Science or Maths or English, whatever subject you have, then you suck them in this way and teach your child and what have we done to the child.  They send you to school for 8 hours and sir, these programs which I am asking you to do are full time, after that the child will be crushed, who studies for 16 hours and does less than 1500 hours, no one can make you do it in the office.  I am in an office, so you go, no less is more, it is relaxed, but it is okay to stay for 8 hours, someone will come and butt you on your head, you relax, then you go and do less. How can it not be possible? Every person has a limited time. The limited time cannot be more than 8-10 hours. So if you do this, the idea is very easy but people will say that it is not possible for me but many are doing it.  People do it in 11th and 12th class. I have seen that they just enroll in the school, they will pay money and you are teaching your child somewhere else, then they leave because other people are not doing it, but this thing is money, I am one thing and I  thought  If you sip Rs 15000 at 15% every month for 15 years in a mutual fund or invest in an index fund which gives the return of the market, you get Rs 1 crore. Can we save this money and give Rs 1 crore to our child after 12th? We are sorry that our son and daughter were not taught in a very sexy school but they are giving Rs 1 crore to an 18 year old child and you start his life. We cannot compromise here because we have to build a society.  Will not give because those whose children will earn more money, what are the parents doing like this? Is the life of such a child ridiculous? Education has to be given good, there is no good education in India, the system of India itself is not good, let's talk, change cannot happen for us.  It is okay because if we had to do anything less then the system would have changed. We have to do the same ordinary thing, we have to go to IIT and become a stand up comedy or write books, we need to work hard for that, we have to go to IIT.  Go Even after tax, you have to do CLC, you have to do marketing, how many doctors are there from AIIMS, I know those who have become IAS, then why did you want to spoil the medical field, the public says that it should be a free country, it is our wish, subsidy is available on every seat. Tax foot and ultimately he is not getting it for the purpose, neither the engineering person is doing engineering nor half the doctors, you get the education system the doctor deserves as per the country, don't tell him this is bad, we deserve this too. Now you think about this, how can we save our money within this system, how can we become smart, how can we take children away from what the rest of the world is doing, do not change the system, concentrate on your hand because the system  Then in the government, then politicians, then ministers, then cabinet elections, nothing is going to happen, this will keep going on, your child will go away after completing 12th, the same discussion will keep happening here, this discussion was also happening years ago also, someone told the Indian education system in 1998.  I too have not said it well. You are saying that Twenty-20 is not good because you think that if you are not getting a job then the education system is bad. No, the jobs that are there are less and the jobs are not more than doing a good education system. Understand what I am saying, by doing a good education system, you will not get jobs but butter, you will not get many, no matter how well you study, if the jobs are less, then you will get only that much. If you understand what I am saying, then we have made the education system very great, it is great.  If Industries will need it, there will be better vocational courses than that, there are a lot of practical skills but the middle class is not going there because it doesn't look sexy, the lower class is going there, there is no competition there, no competitive examination, NDA should be in the next 5 years.  Many people will be in pain, you kept waiting for the exam to pass IAS, to pass UPSC, the people on your left and right who do chores in your house, clean the car here and there, you will.  Find DM in next 7 years doing collect Ufe here and you are keeping d blaming of education system d education system education system is bad means if your child gets studied better by someone else and studies well then what will happen then that competition will remain the same, job will remain the same  There is no need for such an education system for the people in the government system which they want and you are doing it. Please reduce the number of plumbers, take 20 numbers, I will give ideas in the rest. Do not vote.  There is no need to do the cooking yourself, the person who runs a good hotel is not a cook, the cook is at least doing the cooking inside the kitchen, but the middle class is not paying attention there, someone else is paying attention there.  I will leave you by giving a hint, if you can understand then give me a clap in this, I am giving a hint from such a big stomach consultation, I am giving a big hint of clear counseling, it is very sweet, listen carefully, middle class or lower class.  The classes are conducted at different places, if you start doing the same, you will earn less by doing them, as soon as a middle class tea seller comes, he becomes a unicorn, he does not serve tea by pouring water in a bucket, his entire system is different.  Today I see a person with a salary of Rs 50,000 and a laborer earning Rs 15,000 drinking tea from ready. I am not being classist but I am telling you about the opportunity because  He has the same choice as the one with Rs 50 thousand, he gets the choice wherever he wants, then he becomes whatever he wants, now he can do many types of startups, the middle class is less the same, but as you have said, this is the sleeper class, these are the three.  There is a tu, there is a van, the same is less, the same is the train, the same is there, but the rate is different there, so there is a lot of middle class, but when he says, what does he do, he says, I can have tea, so it doesn't sound sexy or does it? due to  Take out the same, you will be able to collect a lot, let me tell you one thing, the British have also done a lot of research here, but after I have graduated, I will drive in a truck, so I will tell you about the big vehicles that come.  For example, ask the salary of the truck driver of Maruti, which has 18 vehicles. He is a crane operator who lifts goods worth Rs 50 lakh at a time and keeps them inside the port like this.  He is a pilot, he is very skilled, very skilled in such a way, the middle class does n't even know, I don't know, today I want to ask you to give you a hint, how much does a BMW car cost in its driver's taxi?  Come on, how much money will you earn in the evening, how much will the car cost, do n't you feel sexy, do you feel like this, the girl will not get married, the girl will get married, the times are changing, there is a lot of money and I will do this kind of thing in the future, somehow I know that.  I know  But first of all I have to prepare the farm, I will even give it for free, there is nothing like that for me, but that is that after preparing the farm, I have to give it in a structured way, you are roaming around with a degree, as much as the money is, what is the English proverb, they are not and  Worth D Paper, this is happening in many places and is not breaking the moral. I am trying to make you people aware that these degrees which are being made, check their market to see how many retirees are there, the skills you are learning are very important.  is and very big  The class is doing it, if you are not doing it then you will be left behind and it is seen that they are lagging behind, some paper has become 22 to 30, at the end of 30 years there is no job and whatever knowledge is there is garbage, it has no value of ₹2. ₹ 2 has no value. Akbar was killed in 1605. Haldighati 1576 Panipat 1526. Value of ₹ 2. These are also overloaded because  How much crowd is there who doesn't get selected and then he sits here and becomes a master. The money for learning is very cute, but now this area is also becoming very crowded, so don't think that okay, I made 10 attempts, but I don't pass.  I will also start giving coaching, there is a limit there also, brother, because he has not done it for 4 years and he can continue for 65 years, there is no one like him, retirement is ahead, so that is the area.  It is also getting filled, think of leaving it like that, are you okay? Thank you.