Hello friends, many people have asked him a question that the name of the channel is Sangola Is Udhar Aaj, now tell me if you are talking about related things, then what is the connection between light, clean and beautiful, Swami light to answer, Hadith, people, real estate in household.  This is a very high ticket item that causes a lot of trouble. Effect works on home on real estate decision. Anyone who has taken credit on tow day never gets this because everybody.  Want to be the part of the receiver participate gotra home made welcomes like share unwanted child not want to donate now 102 this is scene in these jobs medical council also very merit me very stressed have been re-elected s gone wrong that surdas why is  Talking My Channel Vriddhi Series In The 30-Day They Will Cover All Possible The  Subjects of this was subject broad subjects there tube so I am master and this subject and you can improve your life by taking voice real estate decisions that this dam is white, it is not white due to age, my age is not much and this hair is not  I have turned white after going in the sun, I have kept it white with a little knowledge, so I will start today this video with instructions in Sutra Sutra is a Sanskrit word of Rule As That Never Ever Invest On Borrow Conviction You Amazon Amazon In This Video Will Have One Or Two Write Down Web-Based 10:30 Return Of The Start Making And Toxins Swami Byas Repeat Hota Benefit Of All Never Ever Invest On Borrow  Conviction Always Develop Your Protection You Do Wrong Like Me Conviction People 's I Will Help You In  Developing and Condition Ultimate Tashheer with Videos Facility Twist Today's Topic A Special You and Dimple Yadav Singh Guddu The Last Topic Want Cast Loop Object Positive Property Saurabh Peepalwa Ashtami That How it ends We don't know that it doesn't happen like this So  I Will Have to Answer Test Sofia is a place that is city is the capital of Bulgaria if you don't know before this moment  So it didn't mean it didn't unite, she always requested but you came to know 102 that Naseem slapped in Read A Book Called Black Swan event that desire duty was to Facebook were right not offer all the middle of Black Swan event which can be measured  Admin and Disappointment Lord of People Will Make Money and Lord of People Will Aaj Bhi Scandals and Whenever This Situation Gets Over People Will  Get Wiser Only in Handset Ki Sukam Inverter Topic Coffee House in Gurgaon Wish Video Shoot also on WhatsApp People Hua River in South India and is www Interesting Maharashtra and Cancer Incidents and Chandigarh and Investment Developed Template Tips You Can Find Similar Templates Here City Place  In the state a few can't find any other cities in western Gurgaon nobody will say they don't belong to this Site Hey brother, when you go to work, you are a resident of Delhi and you are working in Chennai, if you are working in Bangalore, then you can go to do the job, you can take your body to the place where you are not a resident of, even your soul.  She will go with you and she is not going to live with you, your wife has gone, children will also go, so what is the problem with property and jewellery, the country is free, it is one with the country, you can also buy it, last year you could not join but now you can buy it.  Now you can buy it anywhere  dat event happened last year so you can buy property investment is the ninth over flowers in gurgaon master plan before z60 700 gold from gurgaon important achievement nothing if not positive welcome and this coming in 15210 feature now it has z10 from commercial sector like this  Affordable housing has already arrived in this actress's most of the sentences. The story has spread.  Of 8085 posts How much did the real estate prices increase in 2010 and 12, that all the people in Gurgaon moved to Greater Noida, that a machine has been released by the government, this way the common man is not able to take water supremacy Reasons for rest and going  After 10 Hai Apni Voice Brand Comment Wanted To What Happened Government Give Visa Policy Be Set Kiya Hai Woh Double Ho Singh Manoj  Even a note of ₹ 4000 was hit on the square feet carpet area. Credit for the present government. Also present Haryana government files. Go that Twenty-20 also has the same rate which was fixed by the government 7 years before you. Not only these  Thing Government Sal SIM Hai Raha Hai and 2013 14 The projects which were initially conceived on paper 15  16 who had come on broad ground, their rate was also the same and today's rate is also the same and today's projects are coming under the patronage of R Rahman, better technology, better specification, better design, builder directly, those who came earlier, have got the performance. Mine is also in one of them so we have just taken some divorce her only against him whatever new either now he was ours very basic given have unappreciated 244 most this position which got  Very low price has been found Will Tell Oo Hunter Sector-17 Golden sign has been found Allegation of Anand Vyas People have started living Application is Rent City Internally Displaced 2627 pounds inch Right now because Dwarka Expressway has not been built Dayawanti Dwarka Expressway  So without any construction dust and dirt is going on this year and I went into correction you are getting urgently door six to seven but st witch can rest  Increase by next year 282 cent percent now coming back to the projects Ideas Not Coming Sudhir and Dairy Project Ideas Right silence giving rate Projects Ideas Advantage of completion My suggestion is always that you should take the new one because once the sugarcane molds for the first time.  So the one who comes out the most then folds it and inserts it. After the third time, his throat will get sore if he inserts it again and again. Sugarcane juice is the one that comes out the most in the ones that have to be entered. You apply in the one with original allotment and you will benefit from it. In the remaining 70.28 projects which are going on in every sector, what is the government's point that you cannot bring more than two or one.  Station sweet words can only come from Sudhir. Is there 15 number of lights? It is not that these boiling platforms will go and a waiting list is maintained in the inflatable housing project.  It is in demand and subscription is done by rote, so what is the procedure in this angry birds in this country, can apply country, nothing is this, it is not to be confused with busy that it is not that those who are in forest people of the society  It is not like broken for them it is completely different its quality set a guru can stay hotels can also that this is so good but small normal carpet size is coming in it  Then from 560 square feet to the point of 60 feet to BHK topic, the carpet size is 100 feet Falguni size is coming then it is equivalent to the whole light of 2011 shift superhit diya na superhit, if posting is done here then ₹500 tweet is coming almost till which and  Stop construction and you are getting the cost of construction. Friends, invest in share market here. Cutting ends will not work well.  In Sony company which share dating value and companies not hold too much debt and it's a cadillac positive company person lo is there in it's a good bye basic premise basic principle of investing in share market that brother company is making good money debt more  And book value is book value. Forget the foundation awards and people for an invest in shares were the notification so that  If you are drowning, then I will explain it in a little simple language. You go to your village where the land is yours, whether it is a plot or a back, which is yours, you already have it, fight on it, telescope, make two rooms, make two bathrooms, make this kitchen.  You have not made the drawing at all, make the drawing and you refused me with a sharp hand, the construction will not be made with you, the construction will not be made, I am not talking about the cost of the land and the profit, then it is interesting. These making profits options setting has commercial element in the project which the government also put a stop at night fall naseeb to four percent he can sell at any rate he can get 20020 on it his net profit becomes 404 like thing pass rate So you have a profit of 15 to 20 questions that you get so much money on your business, show that there are only two types of affordable projects in it.  From a good, very good, so good or very good job in Gurgaon, it is absolutely touching from the village, it is urban visited, it is touching, those are also good and the other well located ones about which I have information are very good for you, these are just two of them.  There is a choice and you can take only one on one Aadhar card, you cannot take only one on one family, there will be husband-wife family, there will be parents' family, there will be one, you will drink one, what is there in the show procedure. Apply for five percent. The draw will take place in two to three months. If the trophy is allotted, you will get twenty percent. If not, the money will be refunded. The allotment is 20%. If you have to pay 24 lakhs, the property is worth Rs. 120,000. You gave the application money and the draw will be done in 3 months.  If it comes out then twenty percent i.e. Rs. 240000 is yours, after that you have to give the 75 cents in 66 installments i.e.  If 12.5% ​​middle i.e. 24 lakhs is effective then 2.8 life and 2.5 250 arrow keys are those government employees whose jobs are taking their lives, those who take loans here, those who have good salaries, those who are playing mutual funds, they are in the side of 80.  You can buy a house, I have to do a lot of calculations on this, I have to pay a bill, I have written articles and that article is of 10 to 12 pages.  I am someone big to read more articles in the developed video, I will not tell so many calculations because here in my videos, I have ignored the idea of ​​not using something like the computer is coming by shooting left, I am doing calculations on it, I am not like that.  I will give direct knowledge, my channel's video quality and other wise man is not very good, you will get the knowledge currency, yes, I am also in the future of evil eyes of great to Dost Singh  Song on my channel It's quite young So for now I will give you only pure content but I have done all the research in it, it is in PDF form, whoever needs it, you can connect with me on WhatsApp and they will send it to you for its worth.  Data calculation examples are all well given in it so that when there is a traffic jam, the box can be returned to the properties which are of difficult nature and are already in hand like HUDA plots were released in Haryana.  The bar of worldly devotion is not that heavy because you can buy only one in it, so those whose stomach is full then they cannot take it again but those who have not taken Jain, then my device is so might take away for people listening to this video can  Love is that if you have a child of 18 to 20 years of age, take it in his name, take it in your wife's name, lady's name Hussain, money is saved, children also benefit, you can extend Australia Britain  There will be benefit in PM's residence, interest subsidy will be available, loan interest will be reduced, if the child's body was high, then that child would not have worked, then how will he get the loan? You comment, I will tell you, okay, your salary will be below, the child will get the child when  Till then the owner of this flat in Pakistan will not have to pay rent, he will live in that flat and if he does not live in that flat then he will get rent and the print that will be received is that if this message comes then the cash deposit property will be only one.  You can take it, it is not that you have to think a lot and this vitamin and play will come together in all the sectors. When they are set at two or three, now there is no space left. There is no physical space left. Land parcels are big builders.  Which is built within 5 minutes of small land parcels, these small land parcels are limited, the builders have taken 825 percent of the place, what is that punch, so I am speaking to you all.  My suggestion to you all is that you can please do not get disturbed in the details about this. Top end whatever projects are out now, before Navratri and Diwali, there are a few cancellation minutes in all the old projects and one or two new products. You all can then look at the net and the second thing is that they are running I like to put money in Airtel mutual funds then they put ₹ 5000, they put ₹ 15000, they put lakhs of rupees, maximum that.  We will give the money to the mutual fund, to the fund manager because we are the ones who speak in it. If we are not experts then there will be present weather related 2% 2.25 fund management charge 1954. It can also be any person, he may be Rao, apart from him there are four justices and also mutual fund sellers.  Coming to property, that is different, okay and mutual funds, and in this I will do a separate good video on the returns of mutual funds and the taste of coffee.  It's like that only in the end but when I go out for a drink, I don't realize how much the cold coffee cost me and how much was it which is my personal experience Equity Gravity Telling Slowly and Steadily and Myself love1 Army Canteen Guy And I 'm Telling About Real  I am a state, so I am in the consumption jam. When you see me, you must be seeing energy because it comes out of it. All the investment decisions are in our share market.  Coming from Richa Liye from Mungeli, he is the most wise man in life on the planet, so if he too has fallen into trouble, then you will definitely need something and consultancy. Do n't think that if I buy property worth Rs 1 crore, I will give it to someone. When you need the device of fund manager of mutual fund for Rs.10000 and you are giving him two percent, then you can give Consistency or Raso. 2100 One Hour Two Hours Come Sit and Join So Do n't Give Those Sleepers How will it be that you will be the master of the syllabus, it will cost money because started, on video, right real estate decisions have gone wrong, have created, have worked in marriages and relationships  When a real estate gets spoiled, neither the man nor the head of the family starts considering him as a fool, BD, parents, in-laws. He will say, uncle ji, this is him, I will meet someone else's name, first let me give you an example, this did not happen even after leaving the note with me, what has been kind of funda, always on editing like he is Amit uncle ji, I am Amit uncle ji, hey from me.  Don't ask, their money is lost, more than the money, respect is also lost, the self-confidence of a person is also lost and then such people enter into their job in a big way and work as much as they can. She is not required only for family life and travelling, she has lost an element, so she has to recover her clippings, every man wants to get his clippings done before his wife, before his children. Now you see the videos of my real estate. Now the small ones will start going left, only then the name of the channel is Life Sudharal. I would like to hold on to one topic and go a little towards the left side. Skip the videos - they can grow up. You need a little patience and ghee. 1819 minutes  I wo n't do more than that from now on, I will try to fight even for 10 minutes, but I will make you interesting again a lot of but leave you a divine body of Netflix, if you like my videos, then you are waiting somewhere, waiting in knowledge.  Are you waiting for the port Are you waiting in the office Watch the videos and see them in sequence The big game I am starting from the beginning is a pattern that I know So if you watch these videos like in the beginning  If you are watching this one, then watch the previous ones also. If you send it, you will not understand. I will enter in between also. I will preserve that you guys have watched my previous ones too. This is my favorite BDO and you can go to my channel and this.  Click want and you will receive the previous for videos so I am to make this interesting in future and want to give original content and which you can not watch or ne fuel  Channel and one famous cricketer's daughter as well as Splendor Videos Channel is not subscribed Cricketer is good With a child I mean with my child As many as he is Now you are mine, which I am giving with a little effort, share a little knowledge.  I am requesting you to share it a little, you guys and visiting this page, this present Vikas Gaya in the coming videos, what ever you know, whether you got views or not, subscribe and ho na ho.  m12 Half Hour and Lives has just landed. The name of the channel is correct. I have kept it after thinking carefully. I am starting the match with Real State. Real State is a big thing in every big slide. Many people have an English saying that fools make house wise. Let the British maintain it.  The saying of ours is that what I have heard and what I believe is that the shadow is more dear than Maya than Maya, you are more beloved than Maya than Maya, the shadow is dearer to them for this is the thickness, the rest is Maya to them.  That Times People Release What is the significance of it being on, people used to live on Golf Course Road on rent of Rs 70 thousand, there will be problem by withdrawing it, misbehavior of society comes, status of tent is different, owner is different, so it is not that wise.  Man Wala Theory I Don't Get Angry Well And It Will Be Difficult To Deep Singh On The Spot Se Meter Video Switch Like What I Have To Fat And  Requested subscribe and Share Thank you