Loot Namaskar friends, in today's video I will make some announcements that I want to make a new series, family series, now my series on commercial real estate is over, I hope it has 500 episodes, you people have seen it, many people have appreciated it.  I have received very good feedback, I have got satisfaction after making a lot, earlier my money mindset was serious which I would like you to show to your children and because my wife watches Netflix movies and all that and also watch that.  It will take 10 episodes of one and a half hour, there will be a lot of learning. Share it with your children. If you have not seen it, then you must watch it. Marital Series Meri Chali Re, these digestive episodes have come, I have to make 5 more, now I have come with the family series.  In the family series, I have to make things from the point office of the parents, which the parents are in today in their 6470 because that is what all your children have to see in every 34, you or them.  Let's cut there too, there is a line of parents, so it is very interesting, the content is ready on my paper, I would like to touch something, if you want me to use it, then you can tell me in the comment section, its videos will start coming from day after tomorrow.  There are no suits on my channel yet, I am openly asking for feedback. Secondly, I want to tell you that I say this every second, third after thinking, this is basically what we understand directly.  That is the beginning of our journey, but bank vote vote vote, that is, what can happen beyond that, that is the second third floor order, so those people who see some depth in my videos, interesting fact property goes to them, they join my premium subscribers.  It may be because there are many things which I cannot tell everyone openly that my videos have been coming normally, there will be no reduction in the content, but there were things on the cottager like the project also by that side.  Name and Aapke Dubo, if there is 10GB data, then I am reading it in my premium subscription. Many of my people have joined. Some people who use iPhone are not able to join, so you can join from laptop.  This is the second phone of its kind, you can join with it. It is Diamond and Hold category. Only those in cold category will get separate videos. There will be eight very good logical videos from month to month. It will be on investment and will be about living life.  There will be time jobs in these, I will give a business idea in it, there will be things based on Aghor Mantra, a patriot of the heart, there will be a complete buffer in it, there should be a lot of variety of things in it, so that I will cover different cities, the first video has been drowned in it.  Will keep posting videos and will be my webinar on YouTube, members will be able to join Adarsh, members will be able to join, and I will be able to join Squares and Diamond membership on WhatsApp.  I will also give access to Rishta and I will try to answer the questions asked there as well. Fix: If you can answer for less people, then those who have not done so and did not know, if you want to do so, do so without subscribing. Next to Subscribe, a button will appear on the Jaguar side, you have to press it. Vote on 820 minutes. You will get Diamond Membership. You will get Gold Membership for ₹ 15. If you understand the job, take it.  Diamond people will get all the aspects of Gold, additional aspects also, participation in life seminars and getting WhatsApp access, this is the additional benefit, if the other half of the videos for Diamond will also be seen, the reviews I will do on it, I will review the project and votes will be from different cities.  I will also review the projects in which I will use any of your top twenty one cities against them, so you guys can try it and the rest of your journey will continue, you will see the next bill.  Here's what you can expect from the family series and its first video and you want to thank you very much.