Hello friends, the topic is what is happening in Gurgaon real estate, so I have brought the latest thing, if you have invested and want to live here, then this topic will be for you, inverter's wire, individual's mindset, right now, what is one?  The part that I will tell you is whether the comment is same or different and what is happening, what is being thought and what is that, I will link both the things well, stay connected till the end, you will know the latest things. Two products were launched in Sector-93 Gurgaon, 15-20 days ago. Look, Rajasthan was a high-rise. Okay, both the list players are excellent players. Both had their own price for different systems. The result was the festival, as many as they launched.  The certificate has come and from the available units it has been shown 2 Mostly they will get it, if they support withdrawal even 50%, they will still get it. It is a good project. Now those who are sleeping and awake, there is no benefit to them that now they will go to the second favorite whenever it comes or two to three to four.  Month minimum 1000 to 1200 feet expensive minimum can be more but so expensive so this was one update of it and the second update was of big player which low rise by 383 came close to 3065  Close Information Should be folded instead of right. If September end is in October, then we will be allowed to know how many folds are there and you can say it Hundred Percent Project Should, that scene should be avoided for half a minute, anything of cigarette should be avoided in this note, that too will come out of this.  There is still a month left, so that too, police and now in the mind that now the anti and price which are being told, many users are finding the subscription to be expensive and expensive, they are traveling from something and they are being given rooms.  Also, ten minutes ago, the person who is new, there is nothing, but subscribe and wait for a little while, I will switch to A, now I will also prevent this coming time, October and after that, whatever is the line up of Diwali, the project of his.  The price is very high and the glass is popular in high rates. First I am telling you the reason. The reason is that the entry in the zone is in those projects which were launched 2456 years ago and are still happening.  But you should find out where the two lines went but those projects related projects are being launched. These projects were mentioned in the newspapers a month or two ago and also on social media. Then again a plate for Mumbai or Haridwar Express.  But it is yellow, I will know the cost of those beans of length, if I make it extra flat, take a look at my expressway project plus I learned it myself, the cost is off side, stop construction of the bike.  This is the margin of a builder. The business is doing the work of earning profit. I should put everything in it. Sales, Marketing, Advertisement, Show alarm, Margin, add that also. Hi, there will be cost of funds, so one would come out to us as the cost, that which would be the cost.  The price is back cover in love, you will do rough calculations, it seems to be twenty percent more than the existing ones, meaning no matter how you do the math, it will not be sold in one go, if anything comes, it will happen only gradually.  This means that the project will be sold in the last year itself, it will have many faces, the rate of first features will be first, second, third, after 2 years, after three years, and it will be built on express and inflation will increase, but the first calculation is that even if the first unit is returned, it will be below or  If he is paying ₹ 100 then he will not be left in 80, certainly not in 90 for the child or if he is paying ₹ 100, then it may be for the initial unit. He said, I have no profit at 20 cents margin.  At the end of 10th class I will give you Rs 110 but if the shop will not give you Rs 99 then I am telling my subscribers to do the same back for annual calculation as you are hearing about the existing inventory which will be costlier by 15 to 20 cents. When will you be able to hear? Will you be able to hear in two-three minutes? Will you be able to hear in one and a half to 2 months? So let me tell you that the meter has been reset.  Had taken it in the interest of returning, should have selected at that time till due to some reason there was no money and were stuck, did not get a job, was to get married, at that time did not have money for the child's wedding, any revision can be done but the download is on Thursday which  I see why this is happening, they will be equal in do subscribe that the pay will go up from there, it will be known only after watching the intercourse but this is that the requirement of junior resident will keep it in the subscribe video.  What will happen if they are subscribing, then this is a very big thing to understand that they are also seeing Loot Island of value in different products. The fun of asking that this is to buy the project on the ultimatum of don't put it in the rounds of the road. So if you want to buy a project then there are value projects now where they are raising the rates a lot and that too are new launches. This is the first place where this is done, then it is a product near 113 Delhi on Dwarka Expressway. Specifications launched, people started understanding some thing in another project which was launched on 18 thousand 672. After seeing it, people started understanding this thing and some people started understanding this much, this much, this much, people started understanding and then when Chanakya happens.  Till then, one starts understanding it, which was understandable earlier on its launch, after some time, when it is coming, it starts sounding okay as soon as you listen to it, then this story is going around in that program and when Bigg Boss.  you feel like this too  Are you not doing it, which is happening on very Ghingharan and on the location, even in button thak blood like from the country, you can subscribe to subscribe to our channel, if it is further down, then NRI.  Will feel very very attentive to invest in their victims, the doctors are earning money, that interest is nothing or not, otherwise if I would have bought an item worth Rs 71 lakh for one thousand 111 dollars and  Now, if you subscribe lakhs, then they are getting straight forward. If this person is appointed, then please subscribe and he had already subscribed, he will not be able to do it. It was in the yard on Chhath Rupees in Paschim Vihar in 1968 and he was next to it.  Who will buy so much Amla and for Chhath, among those other friends too, Rs 500 for 25 lakhs or forget it because subscribing to this channel is ₹ 300.  ₹ 400 ₹ 500 Subscribe Channel Subscribe Means the screen will keep increasing Now on the basis that I had made in the last one and a half to two years, the button that does not remain on the reports, the phase of this land use will change, now these three of yours  Which subscribe and subscribe to be jumped up in the appointment as a guest, some points between 1.25 crore subscribe that you carry and then you go with one lakh in the middle, this family tree  Give Vaseline like elements of element thanks for advance. Many more projects were also products of Birla in the category which were 2.3 2006 products. Out of that three have gone above one person and increase that and now that is your budget brother at 3300.  Do you want to go to that level or buy two of yours, the one with 1.7, this one with 1.71, you will have to take it in a combo like this. In this other problem, there is no man's land to tell in some size, normally when we go to buy products in the market, then subscribe and such means, like this ghee again above, there will be some creative products in it, then to attend that, it has been purchased first, that first of all.  Do this by separating, you can also forcefully bring the same end rates which are the upcoming beans, the two mentioned by me for Golf Course Extension and these apps will be taken to Golf Course Extension.  The price of that is 23,000 rupees from Alum Dam and I tell Dwarka Express Awadh Merit. Thank you three idiots. If it is okay then minimum can be. Subscribe. I will tell you in 10 days. One more is coming and always a luxury person makes you in Gurgaon.  Do you know his part1 part2 and which party he is? Okay, he is 17 18 19. Don't know what rate is being heard.  So I don't know what they will wear, if they will wear diamonds and pearls then it means who will eat them in general, okay, what is called beads is happening in Mumbai, like Rs. 1.25 lakhs, some beans of feet are being spent on it, okay, it is a project, Maa Kasam, there is a palace.  If you must have seen, okay, 1.25 lakh rupees fit on it, then like the market of Mumbai, you would have heard lakh questions 21 likes, similarly, the diet of Gurgaon, lakh questions, someone knows the speed of robbers here, lakhs of Mumbai.  I am telling you the length is more than 20,000. Okay, so like 20,000 is not heard, there are some properties available in the market on subscription, that is, I am in the market, quote friends, I need something, not much, once the recruitment and marketing in the market is completed, then you Will see in the coming few months sure subscribe thank you