Hello friends, this is a very important video. Do not give consent to builders is a very important thing for the existing bamboo. It is your duty to spread this video for the sake of awareness and you can share it with your group. Yes, this question is being asked, listen carefully to the builder, there is a project in Gurgaon real estate, there are many projects in it, the builder wants to change some towers later, wants to add, wants to build 4 floors and 6 on it. For that he is asking for content. Many people think that the content will have to be given or they give it or just like that he is asking for more than one percent consent. As if if I get it then the government will make me its own. Have you seen Super Track? What program is this?  What is happening inside Noida is that twin tower which has been built extra without asking, it is okay due to authority sanction and if you know everything then it is very big, this tasty mechanism has been inserted in it and if the planet will not be aware of it.  You will not have any knowledge, you will not know, you will give consent on mail, whatever format you are asking for, it will come very easily, sir, it will be asked as if you do n't know, you need some normal thing, this is a big thing, sir, when you bought the project.  If it was there, you were told a density, you were given an openness or an idea that there will be so many flights, after that Bhai Saheb and he will put it, then this is a mistake on your part, that line continues, is anyone of yours reducing the price?  that you are the one We had given a flight worth crores, now we are building one more tower, we will make a lot of money in it, so I will take Rs.21 from you, not one crore, 19 lakhs, sorry, if they are doing this, then it is a different thing. If they are doing this, then it is a different thing, Mandawali.  He is doing something, if you are getting it, it is a different matter, you are just giving consent, it is being taken, you people do not have to give consent at all, no, in fact, race him on this issue and tell him why you did not give it by mistake.  not like that  Even if they say that voting will happen, our government has been formed together, we will pass the no-confidence motion, it is not possible, we have to wait for a long time, you are looking, what else is there in it too, don't make it so easy for the builders, the government has Even after doing everything from her side, there are some rules and information and in the absence of this, even God cannot fool Agar or do any good to her, when the government has made all the saving mechanisms, then through this video  This is just a short video, there is no long video to tell you because there is a project, there is a project of Dwarka Expressway, there is another project in which all this is being asked that people are asking me, so I know exactly which one.  -Which projects are there, then you vote in them and whatever groups you form and roam around, all of them do their part in whatever is happening these days and one man, two men are Choudhary administrators, administrators, say something like brother, they don't give us and half of theirs. Make a representative and send it to the builder, then we don't give us any benefit, tell us what we will get, do 1015 alarm, do something less, or else we, I am telling you that we will have to bat, then I am telling that this He is very subscribed, someone's son, great for some work, great, great, normal, to whom you call him, please don't give consent, for some small need or need to remove the sewerage treatment plant, someone left, right.  I have to give what should be given in it because it was being built but I will not turn the tower itself. I had to give two flats in this tower. I will give four on the floor. Instead of giving four, I will give 6. That sunshine and shade of yours will stop when you  You had selected the flat in a big hurry, after seeing the sun and shade, people used to face this, that facing, this SIM and the tower in front of your feeling, how did you do it like this, you saw, now you will do this and you will take consent for it, you don't even know what consent is for.  what is the calculation  If so, don't give consent and give it in writing that I will not give consent and bring proof of it. Go and take a proof. You are not giving consultant. Appointed consultant cannot be loose in that. Reply by Shyam Replaced. This could have also happened but it can happen.  It is possible that someone has opposition and someone did not even know about it, if they had not known then they would not have gone, now this by- election has taken place and how will you know the result. Half of the public is not giving the party, the normal parrots, if they sleep then what was done gets reversed, but other people keep checking to send mails to everyone and do n't have time to receive them, but you don't understand why you don't agree with it.  Ask me what I said against my vote and put it on your WhatsApp group in such a way that in the future he cannot make us friends. Okay, the rest is your choice, if I did not know then I would have done it out of compulsion, it would have caused loss.  When  If there is any kind of literacy then those people are a plant then when clarity and knowledge and system comes then exploitation reduces. Please spread this small thing even if you are not accepted norms shift in details also in public interest like  There are some videos which just watch, watch, watch, then this video, if you do not subscribe to the channel, then you can subscribe if you have not seen it very well. Please-please page thank you