Hello friends, this topic will be on home loan and income tax rebate of home loan and will also talk about how to take ownership of the property you want to take, there will be a little talk about capital gain, there is practical information, I want to bring you the exact details through these videos.  You can find out all about yourself or once you know what the broad benefits are, if you want to know then go to section 24 on interest on home loan. Also, the important thing to remember is that income tax rebate of ₹ 2 lakh is available on interest but what is there in it, there is also rollover, those people do not understand, for example if 8% is my rate, what is the interest rate then if ₹ 2 lakh  What will be the budget, then the budget will be of 2 lakhs, it will be around 30 lakh rupees, so I have taken a loan of 30 lakhs. Take it, my budget will be approximately this much, but take it, I have taken a loan of 50 lakhs.  So my income will come to Rs 4 lakh, now it will come to Rs 4 lakh, so what should I do, what can I do to you, you can also take the property in your wife's name and she will take the benefit of ₹ 2 lakh in your name, you will take the benefit of ₹ 2 lakh. You have got the benefit of Rs. 4 lakhs. Now if you have income from the property then if your wife does not reduce her income then you will get the benefit of Rs. 100. If you take rent then only Rs. 70.  You should also know that the income increases, but now the question said, I took a loan of 80 lakhs, I took it in the name of my wife, so her income became approximately ₹ 6 lakhs, now I have 2 lakhs in my own name.  I only get Rs 2 lakh in my wife's name. What will happen if I save Rs 2 lakh? This thing is a roll over. You can roll over for 8 years, so even after you have repaid your loan, your roll over is still there.  That limit of two lakh rupees will be heavy on you, like whenever the interest is less but it was more last year, then your interest will be reimbursed. You should remember this thing, there is rule over. Talking about Capital Jane, Capital Jane gives itself Rs 2 crore.  There is an allowance of up to Rs. within two properties, if you own a bigger property, if you have two properties, three properties, four properties, buy only that property in your life because you will not get it again and again. What do many people do? They buy pearls even on small properties. He is very dependent on property  I will not tell you the details and if you know what all the things are, then take information from where, but the important thing is that if there is a big capital gain, then if the property is in the name of wife and in my name, then in the name of both of them, in the name of husband and wife.  But I mean, there you can buy an individual of Rs. 2 crore each in two different properties, there are provisions in that also, now people say that construction will be done but it has not been done, that too has been removed, your money is being wasted. You have to pay the money taken from construction in two-three years and you can deposit your money in Capital Gen account, but you can also buy bonds of Electrification Corporation worth Rs. 50 lakhs or you can deposit it in the account of mine. I have written Genu and I will not buy you anything and if you have bought something a year ago also you can adjust it but you cannot adjust it in the loan repayment if loan means it is a little technical. These four quintets will be needed because they too will have to earn everything at once without any confusion, then the experts and those who are within the speed also need consultation but you should know that it is important to know this thing. You have bought a house 6 months 8 months ago, now you have sold a property, now if you have sold this property then its capital should be known, pearl information should be there because when you have a rough idea because I have seen many people themselves in selling property.  hee  Do they keep becoming chartered important or not? They don't even know what it is like. They are adjusting themselves by taking this. Delhiites do a lot of this which can be reduced in a clean manner. This is done by staying within the legality and taking benefits.  Maybe, they should take it, they don't take it because after becoming a Chartered Accountant myself, I want to tell you through this video that brother, all these things exist, please explore them, take payment through your cheque. According to Capital Jane, it can be adjusted up to the number of friends, the property above that of a friend is not that much, if two people have taken it, then it should be held for 3 years, only then will he make it, it is not that I will get the property.  If you want to sell today, then I want to sell tomorrow. If you transfer me to your wife today, then hold it only for one day. Your wife will take long term capital and you will take short term. If you do not have to pay the cost of registry, then you do not have to give your name to your wife.  If you have to enter the name then it is 50%, there is no cost, it is a paper of Rs 245000, there is no cost of just advising, so all this information is very important for us to save our money and property is such a big subject that I am talking about it separately.  I keep teaching people in different vainash, would you like more such videos because there are many people on this even without technicalities, there are many people who tell me to do this, do this, do that, I can become a master.  If you have not seen it from HRMS, then please watch the video. How should one approach? This one I told you, what should be done, I will keep telling you such practical things and if you have any doubts like this,  So you tell me, we all do not need to become chartered accountants, that thing exists for us to get so much information, only then you will go to a professional to help me in this way, if you do not know that.  Friend, my money can also be capitalized in the one I bought a year ago, which I am selling today and I bought it six, eight, 10 months ago, so you will not go back again, you will think that this cannot be possible, so this is through this medium. Please subscribe the channel if you have not done so yet and share the information with people. Thank you very much.