On Facebook, okay, I will cover home loans, not okay, firecrackers in home loan are okay for a few people, so first of all, whoever wants a home loan or transfer, do not give me the floor with your number and add it to the knowledge store. Even if I get benefit, I will get your height sitting at home. Starting with M Rahul Cover for loan at the time of home loan. Many people want to end their life quickly. Sweets are fine but never make you zero. Fonts are the worst.  The thing is, write down the documents of your property in the bank and other representatives can steal, you can increase them, you can roam around, they can get spoiled, I know many cases of property where the property of the elderly is 1617, which were there, the son made the mistake of their property. Sold the property to the dealer, delivered it and now you don't even know what happened or not, everything is done and call him Papa ji, now you are disrespectful, rough and take the money too and then people would run away if they saw this vote bank.  It cannot happen, now it may be like this, time may be like this, original property documents are kept on you, your daughter-in-law, your brain, your son, a mother, good and bad, your wife or someone teaching you a lesson.  Wants or there will be theft in your house and property documents are gone by the way nothing happened but notice was taken 6 inch this front so when your loan is 24 5 lakhs left its Mi 15 years tax Two ₹ 2000 is being given to you, think that you are getting some benefit, its bill, putting that money in a mutual fund will give more returns than that, we will at least get benefits in income tax rebate etc. So I will cover everything, this is the biggest thing.  These are the practical things, I am telling you the rest, you can find it out by Google too, my heart is mine, my claim is my fame, what do I want to take, you are not able to find my words on Google, you have to think about what to make next, so this is what  This is the original knowledge, this is practical medical, I have always read my papers, sometimes you have created a lot of properties, sometimes you have some children throughout the year, then give tips to this report. Hey brother, the papers lying in the bank are troubling me in getting a loan. Look, I took a loan on this also. Was on this because many times it becomes difficult to buy properties after taking loan 30 years ago, after taking loan for 15 years, 10 years, but if it is lying with the bank, then who will bother you? Now tell me this.  It is a very deep matter, there are many IRS officers with me, associated IAS officers are also spending their time in Virar, businessmen are attending, all kinds of trending people are attending, you put your dream mind in it, what do you want to take with you? Things are as they are, they are told, okay, a hint is enough for a wise person, okay, some of you are geniuses, then why keep your property papers in the house, second advantage, third, fourth advantage, if the property is mine and there are 2 lakh toys on it.  and his i  I have returned the loan of fifty-sixty good 90 lakhs, I have kept everything with that bank, I have a track record, it has been possible for so many days, so it is fine, it is mine, after that, suppose I need Rs 10 lakh to play the game of buying some property in 1020.  So from where do I make new documents and where do I get the percentage that Aamir has to make the pen down payment, it is my money to buy a car from Jam, brother, do whatever you want on that and then there will be people for this renovation. You will get it at seven and a half percent and you can utilize it for yourself. Then your loan which was at Rs. 2.5 lakhs is going to be redeemed. Then you can take it at Rs. 1339 again and again. If you can, then your car loan.  There was no need to take a loan of ₹ 1200000, you had taken a loan of ₹ 1200000, got low tax rebate in built, you also got the bill for educational and LTC, this is also a big practical benefit that I  Whenever I want to take a loan, I have to call again on Sunday. I am absolutely different. Your property papers are with the bank, your history is with the bank, the valuation of the property has been done, it used to unite the property, it is seven points, everything is fine.  It has happened some time ago that you have given a loan on that property, so much of that thing, you have done such a technique in such 5 days, you have just realized your form, given the current statement, given the account, these people look like they have studied but are doing it. Correct  There are multiple properties, if the property is giving me 40,000 now and going on that, then I can give it 28 more and make it equal and say don't be in a hurry by doing positive, some people don't understand the value of reducing it so much, my property  You will come home, then what will happen, someone will pick you up and throw you here and there in India, then you will keep crying, you think a lot and this is a practical case, that is why first of all this practice, you have to connect with people.  This is why I get to know that if it is happening in the market, it has not happened in my relatives but in my consultation people will come and say that she will take her daughter-in-law and father is centigrade to this property and has to do this with sperm loan for their properties in Haryana. Make 10% of the property in the name of children, they can take loan, then pack the property safely, as soon as people do it in the name of children, it is free of cost, Haryana address. Let me tell you about Haryana. First, you can use the property paper.  Documentation will be there and you can take the loan. Now understand the rule 1020. Still, you can pay the interest rate of Rs. 2 lakh from your salary or income. So, if you are getting interest of Rs. 4 lakh then please in the name of your wife. You should have property so that even if she is employed and even if she is not employed, if she is getting it then income will come from somewhere in her name and she will get the interest, so always buy now in this I am telling you.  I am also paying attention to the capital gain issue. Okay, along with the home loan, I am also paying capital gain amount. Rs. 2 crores can be saved. Now if you have two properties then you could have saved on one. So if the capital is yours, then you are thinking that it is Rs. 1 crore.  If a property is worth Rs 3 crore then it is considered to be Rs 2 crore as capital. If it is worth Rs 2 crore then another one is made in it. Indexation and all this also comes into it. I will not confuse it with Chartered Accountant.  It will help you. I am not able to go into much technical tips, but it will help you but it is important to tell you the broad knowledge that something like this unites you so that it can help you as much as a Chartered Accountant. If you have the status, then what do many people do with their wife? Dealing in property in the name of property because I don't know why it was not taken in your name only, in your name then when the capital gain came, like in this case Rs 3 crore came, then you can have an address on Rs 2 crore, then that  22 Crores will be lifted again after taking pride of collapse, property will be bought here next but now write in the same name only and then appointment will be made to these two men for Rs 12 Crores, 12 Crores, these two properties and these properties, you can buy four properties and 4 Crores adjusted.  You can do this once in a lifetime but the properties have been adjusted this time and then moved forward and then moved forward. It is not like the limited government of Rs. 2 crores, earlier there was a limit of only one property.  If you want to delete it, then if your property worth Rs. 2 crores is being bought then it will not be worth Rs. 2 crores. Don't you believe me, I am a property worth Rs. 2 crores. I don't want to wash it for Rs. 1 crore, so that is the government. Now this is it.  One factor is to increase the real estate because the biggest factor which I have forgotten and I am telling you, so what is the intention of the government? The government has come up with its own small rules which everyone thinks is the blood of Rs. 22 crores.  Are these people roaming around with quintal wheat intelligent or will they join intelligent people because money makes a person shine and if it does not convince then what power does it give to support intelligent people. This is also right to some extent so these people know.  So the government would have told you that if you had given two out of two crores, I would have found a window and taken one, then the people concerned with this rule would get a scam for real estate. 29 police effects were to change one room of the government. Little by little, that direction and government plays the biggest game of real estate. When a builder has to buy land, he makes a text on it, makes a tax on it, gives it to someone, gives it to someone, then he does it on GST, then writes a text on the registry, like rent.  But in the text vegetable, the government has started considering it as its own, takes daily charges from him and then cooks it, I don't cook it, you see what it has made, then the government takes ₹ 50 for a ₹ 100 thing, then in the comment.  If you go to the government, if you do n't earn less, then the government is of great benefit. Real estate, government, country, whatever benefit is there, hat for the job in the sense, late night, all eighty plus in direct, direct industries, which works related issues like rebar, cement, tree, labor, carpenter.  Plumber Electrician Style POP Painter Answer: Will you make such a list? Okay, so the real estate group I have made is a big one.  It is okay to be related to mutual people, then you do that the person who sells wood to you, the person who sells wood to you is okay, now small items of electricity, big items, electrician, plumber with wire, if you code like this, then war is nice correction in doing physical correction by purchasing different look and hide. Okay, so now when I tell those people in real estate knowledge that why you have to become a champion in real estate, a human being like you and the field of tears is minimum. 3050 Will be a witness or participant in real estate transactions, this means that if you are in your 30s, are dependent and have lived a lot of life, see how many you have already done, how many will you either buy the property yourself or sell it or your father will sell it.  Mom will sell it or you will get her inheritance or take some small table with you to your father-in-law's house, which you will see and you can read, whenever in your family.  Someone is becoming a Dean, someone is buying some BA part and set ABA part of learning, there would be a lot of knowledge and give it to the old people, then when you grow old, your children will buy something, your daughter-in-law will buy it or they will help in your prosperity. Do your research, there are sour transactions in a person's life, it could be his own director or his family members. How many of you agree with this picture and how many would be accurate.  If you like it more, do it in shares, those who are doing agriculture, write that there are thirty transactions, let's see the same old father's some Beckham sold the farm, sell that shop, the father-in-law's daughter gets tired, it seems okay, free 09  Do that, ticket sign, feels it is okay, sexual intercourse, yes, 15, it feels okay, okay, less people, affordable housing, a person can buy 57, I am telling you about buying a family, okay, if diarrhea, skin.  Get it set, tell me one thing, above this, how many people are connected in your life, okay, I want to ask, 280, what 280 people, who are you connected in your life, is the real estate super getting translated, can we talk about tomatoes in these terms of amount?  It is a different matter if you buy 15 lakhs of things, but that is crazy big expenses like marriage of children, marriage of higher education, operation, buying of some car, traveling to a foreign country, going on honeymoon or real estate, this is the biggest of all.  It is okay, it is believed that all of them are okay, okay, yes, I have done 50 in this set of skin, okay, so this front stand is 50 in my maths, so that means I was telling by muting your relatives, I have done all my work. Thinking about it, I would find out about the relatives, it will be very important to know the syllabus and asked, if you do n't have any training, what are you doing, then I have started a real estate course for platinum members. 70% of the videos are slowly starting, small general topics, add now, how to negotiate, how to make a deal, have builder bar agreement done, maintain a chaat above the balcony, maintain three on loading, Vastu of the plot, this and that 727 topics  It is difficult to even think about how this record topic can think so it is necessary okay so you how to know this and you will welcome not the most interesting person in  Your virtual gifts to its difficult items come on home loan again. You can get your son at an interest of Rs. 2 lakh. Your wife can get it for Rs. 2 lakh, so your tax of Rs. 60,000 is saved on it. 60,000 is her son's 1 lakh 20 thousand animals.  If you put a cess of 1000 rupees then it will affect you at around 10:30, then when you are left as a positive property of the free verse, then this  Ghanta Krishna, any of you who have a home loan running above 1.2 cents can do it or have you taken a loan and its interest rate is above 7.2 cents then you can do it, write something now and tell me.  I will tell you something, a formula, you are fine, whatever you need, the home loan change is from Ravinder Gupta ji, Anil Singhal, this is ok Ram ji Unlimited, ok, now the loan is 24 5 lakhs left.  So if there is any problem then we will change it, not worked is fine but it is too much, it is more than Rs 10 lakh fifteen lakh and if you can return it with some other thing then it is very important, ok then those who have more loan also WhatsApp me. Hello Ann WhatsApp me I will get you transferred the formula is this new launch should be minimum point five percent loop slow existence loan and YouTube transfer left side 7.2 Subscribe seventh fix point five is the list depending 00867 United Sikkim recent him above whose ongoing can transfer its intake is ongoing note if only point two will be interested and asafoetida and choice award okay understood then point five percent  Jat for which you want to tell fix that if it is working then you can do it don't know what is the capital  Gain Tax I told you that 2 crore jobs can be done in the name of one person. If it is fine in the name of two, then it can be done in two names. If you buy a property in the name of four, then it can be worth crores. If you buy it in multiple names, the property never gets spoiled. Okay, this is a transfer in Greece, by the way, whoever wants it can also give a loan, but doing property in the new launch, after that what I will do is liquid finger, people will take money from the bank, in the life of a rock band, HDFC Bank has to do puja, it will give it to you.  Earlier you did not do so much service.  You can keep it after getting tired, what else do you want to transfer, then you will keep looking for LIC person, I will connect you with such a person who is lifelong and will get you to transfer his loan there, you have everything for it, the property is good-good, all this is set.  Will set the cards from here to here, will make you work that hard every time, there is a lot of lethargy and the meaning of lethargy is tanning launch, hey friends, will ask for form-6, will ask for ITR, will ask for that, will ask for map, will this and this be the meaning of Lethargy type spread in loan transfer, new lethargy is taken that they feel it, they are moving quickly and you and I also feel it is okay, so whatever I do again, I feel that other people are feeling it, friend, let's go okay. If you don't calculate, if your life is worth 1 crore, then there is a difference of one percent on this mound, this night teaser, ₹ 4000 a month, today I will give you ₹ 2000, if you see three maids, then you will mop the broom.  If you are sitting on 45 thousand Netaji's pictures of the vessel then this lethargy and work will be done which I chant the mantra broom nor will just copy what you have will be completed then some documentation party will not's problem on U and IF twist I  He used to do something like this every two years and a half, when both of them used to come, they used to agree with many people, okay, so this ca n't stop recording, thank you very much for a recorder app.  List