Jhal photo Good morning to all of you I am starting this but a on Sunday Expert Winner and Powers and will have to parts Participant B Coming Home Loan Now Home Loan is one of those small things, however what should they know about it, don't cook to tell something.  There is more for you guys to learn in that. In the second part I will be covering up this Chest Ping launch in Gurgaon and why you should find in the waste oil tailings. 2500, whoever is interested in it, there will be 1 on the side, you can add F5 press in the middle, Home Loan is a universal subject, it is well interested, everybody is particular deposit, not interested, Vriddhi, whoever wants to ask a personal question, it will be done by admin, if you enter it then it will be vacancy.  In this Ponting Admit and some such general Pushpa everyone can put that Bigg Boss is mine if here.  If you put something then I get a statement, another page does not suffer from corruption, neither do I show any presentation nor my website is fine, so he is speaking to me from here, so if anyone has a question in the back, which I will tell you, you can also ask.  If someone comes then press admin, I will see it because if you want the answer to the question from the parties, if you want to answer the question from me, then whoever asks, if you want to ask from me only, then address me, it is okay in the ad to send to everyone.  It is written there, if you search for admin, you will find it, ok, don't monitor, it is ok to try to admin, Chintu, if you want to drink horse, then Kevin pray to me, the biggest thing is that everybody can answer this, loan is the most increased loan. Who takes the maximum loan in India? Ask interested, should the interest rates on these loans be reduced? Who is the most effective party? Type a medal for efforts. Businessman, ok then 123 ko dog.  The class should tap and rate the government should look right, the highest interest rate composition is his benefit, there is only one correct answer, Payal ji's government, government is the biggest power, so the one who is the biggest bar and the one has the most benefit, so when he has the most Government has the most benefit, so you think, government is always interested, but we have made RBI, now there is a problem with RBI Governor of Space.  Varun used to say that taxes should be reduced because there is benefit in reducing the interest rate but then why could it not be reduced. If the government could run the country then why not tax it by giving less, it could not benefit me like this and somehow he does not have economics class. This is fine but the thing is that till now there was one who was eating a lot of bread, he used to get higher interest rate for senior citizens, two three four years ago, the tanks were 10.5 feet deep, 98752 were all, now he is strange below.  Slowly and gradually these people are coming to think that you have to go to such an asset class where if you get something close to four-five percent then it is a good thing if the interest in home loan comes down.  Those of you who are enter senior citizens here who are sitting on money, test with one giving money on home loan Kuber Kids properly for grade 1 hour income tax rebate and museum  Interest Possible Tata Contact Asked, I will not discuss it completely here, my job is to crush the ginger in your head, then take notes. I hope all of you have kept something on a paper, if you have not kept a diary, then at least.  Okay, I am getting close to 40, take it on paper, otherwise this is not to be heard like a satsang, I will only tell you the points, you have to work hard, I will show you slides and get the complete explanation, then you will get 20 from your parents.  You can take a loan of Rs. 5 lakh, you can avail this hair pack and its income tax rebate at 5% rate of interest, you should know this and that father and mother are probably not getting it, if you are not getting it, then decide amongst yourselves that this  Dam Institute has two webinars, I will tell you the tangible benefits, how to make it a part of your life, you can do it, if you have taken a loan from the bank and also from your parents, then the interest of both can be combined.  You should also know that many apps have come where you can get answers to these questions, but to answer the question and type it on Google, the brain should know what to type, the answers to the phone questions can be found. But the questions are not available, you understand my point, there is someone to tell the questions, I told you that it is very beneficial to do this consultation, but you have to look at this dam and the elders also, who are going above 5560 and are becoming senior citizens, that you  95th thought  You will go, don't think like this that I will be useful for T-20 game. Your general FD may be interested. Three feet dry skin should be contacted. Now it will come on paper in four years in 3 years. Pictures will follow the best, every buddy more.  Due to high interest cost of funds, the country could not grow. Interest rates can be dropped suddenly. An increase is inflationary. Inflationary aid to the environment is not of interest to you.  Someone wrote that if there is inflation then interest rates cannot be removed due to inflation, it is a different thing, then this is the second thing, you have to see that it is important that who can take the house, if it has a name in the home loan, then that note is the priority.  Do this, the biggest priority is given by the banks to the husband and wife. If they take the loan together and the income-tax team is less among the two, then they give you the best. It is okay, from the civil court, everything is limited to Rs. 800.  Above is above seven hundred and fifty, interest is defined, chips have to be done there, forward you will get into a regime, very good CIBIL score will get you something like percent, 5.5 cent rate of interest and very good, good one will get you 65 previous  Will Get You 7.25 Little Bit Will Captivate Children's Window Today you used to see one percent of the home lawn that it can grow to two and a half days  Will understand till the window is going to increase the remote mechanism that you will first repair the paste of this Pinto and I will tell you the agony on that too, okay then this is a co-inform, even if it makes a lot of difference, it will cost one crore, at five percent, at seven percent.  Make A Difference 17041 Any Match To Present A 1 Crore Was Looted 12th Around 100 Of 17000 This Is Very Important Parents have a big role in this, if they take care of the child sincerely from the age of 18 or 19 years, by giving him flowers or by making his CAT score and getting him a loan, get his civil done as soon as possible. The sooner the pressure history starts, the more it will happen.  It is good that the interest on your loan is your treatment, you took a small loan and returned it, took a small loan and returned it, this is a very complex algorithm, they do not tell you sometimes but the important thing is that By defaulting on the loan, the civil becomes less but you never took the loan, did not put it on the list tree, yet it is like the civil, you woke up after 30 years of sleep and you thought that if I do something about it, but its speed is the same.  There is a complex and it is okay, now who can take priority, number one is to listen carefully, husband-wife number one is found in couples, nowadays applicants are needed, husband is ward number-1, second son and sin is third son.  And mother, yes, this fourth one has two brothers, the fifth one 's first daughter is unmarried and father below him, the daughter is unmarried and mother is unmarried. I am saying that a married daughter cannot live with her father and mother. Now call it obscene. I am telling the bank about my rules.  There is also a tax logic to it. He says that how people are related to each other and inheritance Hindu laws on property have created a lot of them. Is it right or wrong? Thinking this, you are trying to launch a campaign.  Then if you don't like it, then if a doctor earns Rs 3 lakh per month then why can't he take a loan with his father who earns Rs 4 lakh, it is provided that she is with her husband, that is her setting, then this society has to do the world press like this.  The issues are really there, they keep racing the pet for storage but you are not doing it and said that it is equal, while you knew this thing, in Righteous, when I am telling about half of the ladies, these eyes are opening, some are yellow, some are one.  If someone comes to know about such a thing, I don't know, if you write 'P' on it, then I will feel good that brother, I did not know, you told me, it is okay because when we don't know, then it is okay to make that thing exist, then can we have it with you?  This is the power of social media, there is discussion, WhatsApp group, what is this, see the notes of married daughter, what happens sometimes with father with brother, property has to be taken in such a way that brother and brother can both take it, it is making it possible for sister and brother. a married  When you met with sister brother, I told you this one thing, you got OTP, everyone's very good name, this is to do MTP, this week ahead, you told domination, now interest rates come 6.75, I am getting the best pawch, as many of you as possible today.  All those of you who are sitting with blondes are giving your interest rate more than 7.25, here I have given 7.2 7.2 five 6.5, now that  How much loan can I give my name and mobile number and amount on WhatsApp, I will get the service sitting at home or the next topic was coming on someone, I was lethargic, the commission was successful and very long time, I spent ₹ 2 lakh because I was slowly breaking it to you.  I will take us towards knowledge, through which you will be immediately told that it has become a drama on YouTube, it has benefited by saying lethargy, whenever one has to take a loan, it is not necessary to get the Form 16A back, give old ITR, property paper, this is what is left.  That laptop and photos are left, it is better to give Akshay's paper, it is good to give the bank statement and the old one of that bank, this was not your credit card bill, there was something pending, give this closure, does the old black man's life come out or not?  Who has taken a loan? Yes, write down those who have taken it. Show it to you that you have lost your life. Those who have taken a loan, have you seen them getting irritated? Or it has become like a potato. This does not happen, now what does it do? This is our right.  Is  So the function coming on the same page is fine, so what am I trying to tell you on that? Very good, very good. This happens to everyone. So, once I lost my Sky key, they did not change it.  Do you think, friend, we will have to go through the same process again because if there is a difference of one percent, then people do not feel shy to give feedback on these days. Satyendra and I also have to change because I have discovered something, what should I do, if I get any knowledge four days before I become a winner, then I think that maybe I would be such a broad person in my own eyes, if I discovered something today. Effective introduction, I did not know that you all are friends, perhaps you all must be going through the same feeling. Okay, so if any brother is running from 7.25 and above in lethargy, then you tell me. Okay, so what can I tell you now?  I want to tell you that whenever you take a loan, what mistake do you make, which I too am not doing and I want you also not to do that. What is my discovery? That discovery is that when you take a loan, you do not go to the bank.  If there is a fly in the bank or if you meet someone while walking today, then who will get the help, now he is a person with 11015 twenty twenty five thousand, the boy is okay, so today here, tomorrow here Yamma Yamma okay.  So tomorrow when the turn comes to reduce our loan, we have a new boy, it never happens that he is from LIC, HDFC, he takes his loan of 510 rs.15000 and reduce some percentage, Pooja Brand New Launch 667 on the back.  What is available is not available and 7.35 chatter-patter wanted list of protested paper style today shoot for person worshiper's owner rich with lord of service Nine, now the school has got the property papers, just like I did, now you have to transfer everything from here to here with the property papers, then the process is to take the same thing which is your latest and then set the photo of everything else. So you took it from the person from whom you gave it, so next time you don't have to understand anyone. My documents are lying here and there, so catch a person and take flat payment for one and a half year every year. You will also go to the interest rate regime, according to me, next.  Even in three-four years, I have revealed in a simple way, go to 4% Nawabi Road, I want to change it every year, but I want to be the same, and if any person cooked everything for me while sitting at home, then send it on WhatsApp.  If I give you my latest and if you get it done then take it. Good Idea, he has maximum 75%, same is Radhe-Radhe Smith Loan from Every Buddy, HDFC, BHEL, ICICI, which is available on the spot.  If he hits a four in this way then he will transfer it to you so that you do not have to go to different banks again and again because his alliance is with five banks, so if those of you want to transfer the loan, then send me a WhatsApp message.  Write your name on it, how much is the loan painting and how much is the rate of interest going on and alarm and mobile number 15 Let's keep mixing Android WhatsApp, everyone will move forward in the same way, okay so don't write my here, let the administrator know about my  which is mine on whatsapp  The number with which I have given the link, my loan is so much pending on that WhatsApp, please get it done, it can also say that the property should be in NCR or you can have property in NCR, they can also be in Pune, ok, this is done, now the next intelligent will open for you.  What to do: All the people from whom you have taken car loan and personal loan, you should repay the home loan by writing any property on which your home loan is going on for renovation and get it for your car loan.  And personal loan, hidden rate of interest, more homework, less home loan, never return the home loan, never return the home loan, benefits of not returning the entire home loan, what happened to the home loan, if you returned it, I pinched it for Rs 3000.  It is going and kept lying there for 14 years, still this quality came, whenever I needed money, all those documents were with the bank and the number of the boy whom I will give you, I will get the money quickly.  Will give you to come at 8-10 and also a car any time, you can do I hope you understand, the income tax rebate on it is also 20th, so it is always beneficial that you do not make the phone zero, its second advantage is like the property documents of zero will be appointed documents.  Or keep it here in the locker at home, in the cupboard on the side, only in my house, I have seen many documents of such elderly people, it is the child who destroys the enemies, not from outside.  The boat drowns at the place where the water level is less. This is expected. Tell me, it is difficult to take possession of a property with lots of loans in the bank locker. Do you have any property in a small town where you do not live or come and go? Your neighbor or relative has taken possession.  I am thinking of taking a loan on that property. Power punch happened. I must be aware of this. You have a property in a small town. Take a loan of Rs. 84 lakhs. You do n't need anything. Do something. You saw that property.  not captured  It is possible because if the case goes to the court on the first day, then the loan has been given on such Punjab aspects, you have made the paper sitting with you, he has made some more on your property, whenever it becomes very easy to prove you, you have given the police hours first.  Later, let the family know that when you show it to people, this is what I tell people while I am painting and today I am telling you in the tower that I told you guys to subscribe, Neha grows more with all hands than with hands. I went there  If it sends, then how many members should have been subscribed, all are joint 437, if there are 402 words, then 800 should have subscribed, then 50 should have been included in how many actives, 800 is how big, 50 is so, that means this is opposition in life.  How difficult it is to do, don't you get sick after seeing this, subscribe me and you also have good intentions, it is good for everyone, it has increased and subscribed.  Hey brother, I know the record, good subscriber, 800 people are joining hands, it is okay and I am happy in that too, you are the person who makes excellent and good to any food or matter, never makes the best of any good life.  There is a lot of things, I don't want the best, I want something better in life, I want good. Hey brother, why has the time increased? Whoever increases it and whoever did not increase it will also increase it. No problem, it is okay to move it forward, there is nothing to worry about. Okay, it happened, okay, so people should understand that take a loan, you are okay, your property gets secured, okay next, another good advantage of not repaying the loan is that when someone wants to buy from you, then third place Kiya Properties.  Okay, because you have to buy property from me, my property, my name, which property is mine in the Aadhaar card, a lot of checking has to be done on it, and these days, all the property dealers in the middle keep all these girls with good character of 1015.  They say that they have nothing to do with you, give one percent and talk back, then who will check that? If there is a loan, then the bank has checked it properly. List of Document Builder Agreement, what kind of allotment letter is there? Now I will teach the child legs.  What documents have to be checked? It is okay that everything from small leaves to motor water to electricity bill is important, then the anger would have checked the bank and if you have bought a property which is on loan and you are in your separate house. Take it from the loan, never take it from the same bank, many of them make this mistake and then you are buying a property from LIC bank, it is on HPSC loan, so keep it ready and the bank account will be ready to transport our pots.  If you are not taking a loan from another bank, there are benefits, one is that it will take more time to get it done, then you will get more time, if you get one or two more months, then what is bad, there is no harm, secondly, if one bank has done something wrong.  took  There was an issue of collusion or co-operation and the eyes were closed. After doing the second check, the double check was arrested and it was checked that this person is taking a fresh loan. What happened to Preeti's voice mail, this thing, this person has taken a loan.  You are taking the property and you are not transferring it. You are saying that the accused is not Bank Loan Interest Rates 6.75 60 points 205 Not dying Points There is nothing in the profile Different people He Wala Mat Ko Seperately And The Loan Taker To Whom He Got The Loan Not Apna Wala Apne Wala Bandar I Tell You Now And Epilogue Twenty Years You Will Buy Four Five Properties Three Four Properties You Will Have Two Three Properties 5 And Good Transfer Loans Online  Property Actress 425 Thank You Require 10 Loan Servicing is Forward Twenty Times and Assists You Only So You May  Find Number to your Sister Brother Pure Son Daughter Daughter In that unlocked family, a man will not let any wrong happen to you when he goes to his launty, and the second thing is that the one who goes to the bank with the loan application many times, what about you?  The reason is that there is a lack in some documentation, is it your salary, is it ever there, then a person who has been associated with you for so many days takes a guarantee, right? If you have known me for 15 years, then there is a separate relationship and a  If you have known me for 10 years or have known me for 10 years or have known me for 5 to 10 days, if you get stuck somewhere then that person helps you, then whenever you take properties, enter into something with relationship, a good one who gives a classic example of this. Cut from the change and I now get good money friend vegetable from one person, he will take the full amount for the service but as my vegetable seller is the one I used to go to buy mangoes, if they were not good then don't take any tension, take the ghost today as you deserve.  If not, then did he save my money? No one else will know that I have sent the goods to him. This is the example. I would have been very disappointed. So now let's move on to the property. Whenever you people and you have a lot of money, then through a good bank.  The loan itself is Rs 34, they have a lot of scrutiny and do n't worry about the processing fee, tell me the reason, one processing is free, Rs 2000 is less, you take the decision after 15 to 20, that is the quality of Noida.  It depends, if the processing fee goes to a lawyer, the less you pay, you will save Rs 2504 and he will not tell you if there is something wrong with the property. There are many builder floors which are wrongly built, so the good banks will help you because one  They will give you a loan but you will not get the next one. Those whose loan is not functioning normally, they take up such cases, then the rate of interest is given there AB to interest, the voice is coming, you are fine, the voice is coming.  Now just one word that onion should be used properly, so you people have to do this, you are still not able to understand what is going on, okay, it does not belong to the article, so how many sports am I covering on loan for you people?  From different conversations, I came to know that you don't know many things, this is the art itself, Chartered Accountant is also very joint, Princess Line is very enrolled, okay but it is irritating, isn't it, friend, this pack says that in this way you have to earn a lot in loan.  Gooseberries 10 12:00 Reduce the interest rate and change it when you see And every time to cross over pay 123 likes Return the loan and you will see the loan sticking quickly, you will see that the loan will continue when it starts in PK property, then these BSC  You have to take support and have to pay higher interest rate, this is also fine if you have started in property, then see if the loan has been issued, but this is if you have started with a good loan in the beginning.  If you had taken the loan from the person, you would have known first that the property is in the country, whether it is chained, whether the property is sold to SSB, if there are more pickups than developed to BC, then if there is an issue in the paper of C, then the beginning of the last race in the property is fine. But the change in change is very good, okay, one should try only if one finds a good builder somewhere, when there is a chance, because in Delhi, you are not getting the chance, in Delhi, you will have to buy old property only, but in many cities,  Where Bholenath is found  Yes, go to double income and income tax rebate section 2 4 p.m.  The government gives an interest rate of Rs 2 lakh. I will tell you what it used to give earlier and what was taken. What was the case a little earlier, if you used to show rental income and just pay the rent, then even if you are getting interest of Rs 8 lakh, you are getting interest.  If the rendering is less than Rs 3 lakh, then a lock plan of Rs 5 lakh could have been given, which is a government pack. Jaitley ji changed the reading to Paris Soul Rest in Peace, then by commenting like it, it gave a big blow to real estate.  I thought there was a lot of it but I didn't even know it. Okay, earlier, the pilots who used to think about the job and had good salary, used to buy a lot of them like this. One pen was good but you were shocked, you ca n't whine about it, tell me what it is. So be careful, if you buy property for both husband and wife, then if you can do like, share and subscribe then your income will be less by Rs 2 lakh, then you will have to test Rs 60 thousand and impose cess on it.  434% means you will get ₹ 5 more on your monthly savings of ₹ 300 and if you apply it together then you will get a profit of 10,500 rupees. If you buy a property then you have to maintain the accounts. That is the part which is fine. The second one is under construction property.  The interest that is done in this can also be spread and divided in the next five years after the position and clicked. Many people do not know this thing. So this is ready to be done.  The move happens immediately, but the maximum loan and interest that can be generated under it, the opposition is correct that first, if it was 10 percent or 20, then St. Francis person was on the platform, then dad is fine, the report has told that when he  You will get a construction position either as per the total interest paid by you, I will pick one more and add interest for the number of years but if you divide by 5 years then Rs 2 lakh will be Rs 2 lakh.  You will forget the money also, you can stay in Rover for eight years, okay, tight steel, okay, Papa, please check your building a little because I have not stitched anything, okay, so looks and I will be taking questions, I want to say this.  That is 6.7 cents, this is the rate of interest and income tax rebate is being given and if husband is wife then practically the interest becomes 4.25 percentage point to five percent. If there is mental resentment taking this is never happened in history that finish time for real estate office has weapon interested in income tax rebates dare between husband and wife then whatever husband wife you guys have to buy it but when you can take it  Both of them will get the property and you can stop the recording b