Hello friends, home loan and its benefits, five sub topics, first, taking home loan to a businessman, second, return of capital employed from home and home loan, to return on equity or equity share market, understanding its function, third, how to get your income tax benefit. Fourthly, how can cigarette benefits be hidden from you? Fifthly, there is a lesson on this false fodder related to home loan, it will take at least one hour to explain the webinar.  I will do a webinar on Astrology tomorrow, Sunday 15th August. I have to postpone it. On 15th August, I do n't like doing such work to earn money, so it is a free webinar but it is a request. Anyone should attend it. Please subscribe. Just add it and those subscribers.  All you have to do is give this video and it says that if you also listen to its benefits for free, then you can easily get added, but the meaning of two is this.  No, if there are four-five ads then you will not do it and for some reason even two don't come then tell me that we will try, if only one is not added then if one is added then I will write to you in that too. Be that stupid and interested quote. And Destroys Webinar 1138 15 August You Can WhatsApp Hotel Burst Me I Will She Friends, you are watching, you can do this one which I will cover in 5 minutes, those who will get it  Jha Sandeep can do After that in the second part of the sick I will tell a new project new product Gurgaon AC two tire twenty five reasons why you should buy it not one not two not three not four not five not 225 results I will tell normal very  People tell me what to buy, they tell me about money, they keep asking, so today I have an offer in a free webinar for all of you to listen to it carefully, the research says, there is something in listening.  It does not go 25 reasons why and how you should be back, that second part will be the benefits of first home loan, how to approach home loan, how to keep it civil and these are the actresses who have ever taken loan till date, they must be added. Because due to limited spoilage due to small mistakes, you will have to suffer the rate of interest of eight and a half to nine percent in life long. So you people have to add the total of 2 hours, this will be two parts.  Me opium minutes 8 minutes back end WhatsApp to me thank you