Hello friends, today's topic is Housewife Astrology and Future. Okay, so in the beginning I am giving a disclaimer that this video can hurt or hurt the housewife, so please watch it at your own risk, then don't show it in anger, I told you first. And those husbands who are watching can forward it to their wives, now they are doing it to help them, they are doing it to improve, that will be a subject of separate discussion, that is a matter between husband and wife. Don't say anything to me, it's okay and other people should enjoy whatever they want to enjoy and it's okay to catch what the poet wants to say, so this is not a video of astrology, think first, it is made of astrology, by the way, I am telling you, I have put the name Astrology.  But it is not related to astrology, it is okay, housewives come many times to show astrology to show the future and I always tell them that there is definitely pain but there is definitely benefit, so I said that today we would have benefited publicly. You are a housewife, why are you going to show your future, you have no future, what are you talking about, why we are also human beings, I want to know the future, what do I want to know, how will your husband be, the elder will come from the husband's life only.  So you will have to look at your husband's horoscope only. A big car will come in your life, a grand car, something very good will come, you will have to go abroad for a tour, you will have fun, take a guest, check the kind of person he is not doing, you should keep a check on your husband 's future and keep someone of your own. Life ain't no I kid party  Our children go two-four-five-seven years ago, then they start raising themselves and at the age of 13-14, they have very little need and after that, those who leave are housewives of 50 years of age or even 45 years of age.  A 40 year old woman can no longer hide behind the story of a 27 year old housewife. We have given birth to children and have grown up. Very good, you have done a great job, what to do now.  Do you have a purpose in your life and in the country? Will you live for 80 years, 85 years, 90 years, 95 years? Is there a purpose in your life? What should we do, what can we do? You have to ask, what is the economic growth rate in the country in 4 years?  In that too, if you have to ask what you have to do, then this is a very sad topic. No, who will raise the children? Have you ever asked your maid, how many women are there, how many men are there, are you looking at the children in your house?  Those who come to sweep and mop the utensils, those who come to cook food are called maids and those who do six crore crores, punch crores, check crores, 10 crores, such kothi are called good. Many people do this and come back after eating their food.  How is the calculation done? Sometimes you push, sometimes you ask. And people say that many people write to me in the comment section that those who leave their children and go to their children, those whom they do not see, become criminals. This is a different thinking. Criminals do not believe that your data is wrong. Many men think that there are many reasons for keeping their wives at home. They have a better idea. When they go out, people write like this, they will be filled with thoughts, then they will be there. Meaning, if they stay at home, then they will not be there. Only those who go out have affairs, please don't waste your life, all the housewives are requesting with folded hands, we are behind Pakistan in 2023, we are far behind Bangladesh in female work participation, 33% women.  Bangladesh's does less, India's does only 19%, Pakistan's data [music] they go to school and study and if you also do something after taking the child out for 7-8 hours, then will he not be able to teach the child?  Child's education is very important. If the child is a girl, then how important is her education because she has also become a housewife like you. Your father had taught you that all your education has gone in vain, so why are you feeling so sad about her education?  because if  The thought process of yours is the ideology that if she doesn't go, our family will do it, our daughter will do it, that is, she will not get married, the answer is no, women do not have anything to do from 9 to 5, there is no job in any organization. Talking less means monetizing money, wishing to monetize, I will leave population on positive to monetize, I will not leave it on this, how skills can be monetized, digital space can be used, money can be earned, that is why it is important.  It means that if you do not do this, your self-esteem will go down. If you keep less than Rs 1.5 lakh in your account and spend it in the bank every day, do not spend Rs. 24 in your husband's house, that means all the money of your husband is spent with you and then  Even when my husband said that you are raising me on my bread and butter, if there is a fight or something, then that is true because even if you do not spend your money, it will not seem so bad. This is also a factor. Despite being true, because your  in the bank 15 20  It's 30-50 lakhs, it's not your helplessness, you can earn it in a minute, if you can manage your income, you can do it. How bad does it feel when you have nothing and you don't even have the ability to earn? The woman who has the ability to earn. Children grow up, 10th and 12th will be there, there is nothing to do except worry, bhau, you come, you play, mother-in-law, daughter-in-law, why are you waiting, your husband will give you a century, somewhere in your life, your husband will do something and hang on to your husband. Rakhi is such a mess with the husbands who hang around and the happiness of the whole of India is hanging below the question because women do not do less, they did not tell that if the husband was like this then he would not have been grinding in his 7:00 o'clock job.  The poor guy doesn't know, I do n't know what is the reason, those of you who want to know a little, WhatsApp me on this number, I will tell you some history, I will tell you about how many slaves, not one, not two, not three, not four, punch down along with eight, do something out of 10.  You will find that you will have something to do and then you will become empowered. What is this affair, those women who are in lower income, no friend, you are open to suggestion, because whatever you do, there will be improvement in life. I am saying that brother, there is some system cash flow on Rs. 30,000.  Only if you generate, it will be 40, only then it will be 50. She is making money from her society, she is doing it from home, she is making a thousand, thanks to the blessings of you all, she has kept it at zero.  The fifth, the 100, the 500, 1000, 2000, if you people wish, maybe you will become 10 lakhs, then it is a journey, you have to do it, you have to do it constantly, no one said now, I will open a YouTube channel, I will earn lakhs. Start from  Only when there are scrubbers will I start this approach. Rakhi is not for many people, first you tell me how to lock it, first you guarantee your house, why will anyone guarantee it, then I will have to do it. I will deal with it in the coming few days, samjhaunga, I will tell you.  Those whose wives are housewives, please be kind, the new year is starting, you will learn something new, you will be happy, there will be happiness in your life, there is some syllabus, rest of the syllabus you catch up with your children, hey man.  You will see that she is an entrepreneur and her children will settle down on their own. You need to worry about the children. It is necessary to worry about the children because she knows that there is some hunger in her to earn money and she feels that something will happen, she doesn't know if there is any superior.  You will have to study and then something will come out. First of all, if you have a daughter or a son, then I would still say that it is okay. If those who have daughters are housewives, then see what kind of role model you are. If you are a housewife and  Your daughter, then if you do less without earning money, then it will be enough for your daughter too, then why are you spoiling someone's house, even after making it stand on your own feet, you are spoiling it because of your thought.  The process is that a woman should reduce something, go somewhere, become something, earn some money, if she keeps her goal, then she travels home with it, the family travels, this is also the thought process, isn't it? Many women have been taught like this or their husbands have taught them.  man ne  Taught, taught by the society or taught by the mother in law, taught herself, then why do they send their daughter to an expensive school or send her to a cheap government school, because why spend money on her but she also has nothing to do, she too is at home.  Your daughter who is 5-10 years old in 2023 will get married and in 2040 42 45 India will never know 10 12 14 trillion dollar economy when the world will have money. If she earns less then what kind of road model does she want? How do you charge GST? How much is GST charged on services? How much is charged on goods? How much is charged on providing services? How does the number come? How does the number come? I will teach you how to start a business.  Tell me, I will help you, not just by coming, you made fun of me and do this, you are a loser, no, I know your husband will not be able to teach me, I am interested, we have our own grinding mill, but if you do, then maybe your husband will also get freedom from the job, who knows?  Ladies, after watching this video of mine today, get inspired and learn something and do something like what I have been doing, please forward it to your wives. If you are listening, then who knows whose lottery will come out, when and who will come out.  She was sitting with talent, she was sitting with skill set which could have been monetized very well, but no one did anything. Didn't know, brother, how to do it in a year, we have to do it like this, we will not be able to do anything with you, we will do less.  Because your system must have reached such a level that before destroying outsiders, people should destroy their own family members, my man is fine.