Hello friends, today's topic is you make your own Real Estate Investment Trust. How can a common man make his own? Real Estate Investment Trust is known to many people. If you do not know then the fact is that many people invest their money in it.  You put a place and that fund is like a mutual fund, it is invested in real estate and 90% of the rent you get in the form of dividend and its underline.  It is an asset, its appreciation happens in new money, so it is a complicated or simple thing, in this you make 10-20 thousand, three are yours, Embassy's is yours, Brookfield's is Man Space's, that is not discussed. I have come up with a practical different thing, it is ok for you, all this is available on YouTube, what I have come up with is not the same. Someone told me how you can make it real by buying your own assets. What is the situation today? Everyone in the family has different salaries, salaries, loan taking capacity, some have HD, some are different, so who will be the players here, the six who I am involved in are those who are parents, 700 brothers, sisters, wife.  Siblings and spouses means those who are your closest relatives. Okay, if you have good relations, then your uncles and maternal uncles can also go to that level, but defending on all the relatives, none of them are there.  There is no issue of legality, there is no issue of quarrel, nothing is going on, because according to the doctor, you will get the registry done, you all buy an asset together and divide the appreciation that comes from it, if you want to sell it or you can make multiple.  Properties and then you can couple those multiple properties at one stage. There were multiple shares but you can also take out each of your properties as per the time market valuation.  Because no one always has the money to buy Puri. Take a property which is worth one crore and we have to pay for it in 3 years but it is not there. One has only 20 lakhs worth one crore and that too is 20 lakhs.  One can see in 3 years, he can take 20% share of Rs 20 lakh, when it will be registered in some other registry, there will be name, there will be paper, there will be a story, it is not even accepted that 10 people, 20 people, 50 people cannot take milk or property. Not everything happens like this, just by pressing the button and those who want to understand this thing on a more advanced level and in this way, I have a real estate info group, you will find it in the comment area, join it at the top and it has many layers.  What can many people do? A company can also do formation and to buy a company, you can buy units and shares in the company. In a private limited company, even that share can be sold. It is very easy and simple, it will become proprietary.  If it will be done then it can be understood in this way, there are many such properties in real time now in the market which can be easily bought as if you are getting a photo, you have to move in 3 years, you are getting money worth Rs 55 lakhs, story 3  This is a big city, brother, how much money did three people take together? All three gave 20 lakhs each. All three did not give 20 lakhs on the first day and the period of 45 months to give the money means one.  50000 will be shipped, if 20 lakhs are spent in 40 months, then it is 50000 per month. Okay, so it can also happen like this, you can do it with your parents, you can do it with your siblings and then after meeting them and burning them, there will be no one in the paperwork.  There is no problem if you have given the names of everyone, no one can cheat anyone even for six rupees, it is okay that many people become like this, otherwise, then what will be the fight? Have you given ₹ 100?  Gave ₹ 100 She gave ₹ 100 33.33.33.3 days Registry is done Now she has to do it in the name of the woman of the house She has to do it in the name of mother, it has to be done in the name of the wife If you decide in the house, then it is yours and that too has become efficient in the name of women.  If the salary is different, then there is capital gain tomorrow or there is some rental income, then tax efficiency of that too should be made. Registration charges are in the name of women who remain short in India. So, this is a very good way for families to live together a little, listen to each other 's conversations and want to go together. Tell me how to come up with the idea. There are many people I know in my consultation to whom I have given this idea. I am giving the history of my pet consultation to lakhs of people. The request is to please subscribe the channel if you have n't done so yet and like it. This is the kind of practical history that I will always give to you people and Under this, what are those properties in the real world and what are they? If you join Real Estate Info Group, you will get it in actual that what I am saying is in actual, it exists in actual and there will be 5.5% retail.  Appreciation is not bad, it will be safe and sound residential property, so I hope you guys will join and in real life we ​​will understand these things through examples, how to do but what is the idea.  Those who like the idea, please forward it to your father, mother, father, mother, you Disney, because what are you waiting for, that is a great job for children also, take it in Batawadi, do the calculations later, appreciation is a part, I will give an example.  I have heard many times that when you went to buy gold, every five of you took the good looking one around your neck, he brought Rs 500, everything else is my mother's, it is fun to buy a thin chain etc. No, he is getting a little better in 5 tolls, now he can't take one person, so brother, take three milks, one to wear in the wedding, one to wear in the house, share in everyone's name, put their names in the paper. What is the problem with ownership, three people together, take it once for the sister-in-law, once for someone, one will wear the sister-in-law, one will wear the sister-in-law, now tell me no, if all three have to go in this marriage, then let's see that too, okay and if different-  on a different function  If you want to go then take it at home friend, after that when you took 500 like this or two or three, tell me the time because what is the reason, if there is gold from the underline, then hold on to the momentum, otherwise you will not have such a family, otherwise you will remain sitting.  There is a boom in real estate, the tawa gram has become tawa gram, the tawa gram will remain gum and it also takes time for the tawa gram to cool down because the cycle has been running together for eight years, so by the time you bill be able, you have money, you get one full individual property.  In your name, date me, take time and you miss, you run up. If there is a package of 20 lakhs, then see how much tax is deducted from it. See how much you have to spend on food and drink to live, what will be the savings.  Those who have a package of 20 lakhs, hit them with six lakhs, hit them with eight lakhs. Those packages that say 20, you know the difference between the package and the salary. You also understand the difference in salary. How much more money do you get? So friend, that six lakhs is yours.  There are savings of one year and that property itself is Rs 10-15 lakhs but if it gets flooded, then your savings of two and a half years will be crossed. In 6 months, if you are in a hurry, then grab it with your brother, sister, brother-in-law, brother-in- law.  With your father, with other father-in-laws, with your father-in-law, whatever your defending on is, how is your relationship? According to me, the idea is very good and workable. How did you guys like it? Tell me who liked it.  Please write, if you like to write, how does it work in real life, then you will have to tell a little more, otherwise the video becomes long, so in this time, those who understand the idea will join the info group, then they will get a chance to read further and understand. Thank you very much.