Hello friends, my movie series is being appreciated very well, in that I have brought the next topic, not gold, not silver, friend, I have found a very self-defeating belief system, different systems have to be applied on this topic, there is discussion on it.  Will try to crush her, you guys tell me how did you like it, one thing is shown in the movies that if you get love, you will get money, it is okay, you will get love, you will get money, you cannot get both and love is more important, see India very much.  Was poor for many years, okay, now it is 2022, if you take 1956 to be so poor that you will not get anything, then in reality you are poor and then nothing to look forward to, then there would have been a lot of problems in the country, but now in 2022 also.  That system has penetrated into you, in the beginning there was a movie by Raj Kapoor, there was a song in it, 'Nirdhan ka daman chhod kiya' (It's okay after breaking the silver wall, don't break the loving heart, leave one)  When a rich man's daughter leaves the hands of a poor man, it means that she left him wrong, but that system will gradually produce people of their system at that time. This is Anil Kapoor and Amrita Singh's No Gold, No Silver, No Silver, then that song Bobby Picture Name Maangu Na Maangu.  She gives gold, diamonds and pearls in return for her heart. If you work with your heart, many people used to go here in real life and used to see that you are not asked for money very much. The songs are made up and after watching these songs, they also became great.  people are fine and they see  These were the boys who were hero type in colleges, they never got the best, all the girls were the best, girls wanted to do that node, it was okay, IT company Infosys upon electronic, this was what was happening in weddings in real life, Noor Jahan dikha.  And we look like movie heroes in real life, so if a man sees 125 kisses, it is okay, but millions of people watch the movie, so it is a very self-defeatist thing, money is the big thing.  This is the times people think it's resources. In the first time, even in the animal kingdom, the female is attracted towards the most resourceful male, be it a lion or the one who has a powerful mouth. And today, the one who has money because physical celebrities today.  Their value has reduced in the market. Okay, today you do n't say that pick up this bow like this and then put the arrow in it. And is n't there such a test for you today? There is nothing timely. No, such a keyboard can lift a phone, otherwise the person who can lift 10 suitcases is the best, this is not happening today, the package is seen, okay, the money is seen, relaxed feel, very clear, unwanted brother, tubes and this is what is being seen, property is seen.  The boy is going, he has his own house, play list advisor, accept the time, first of all, instead of fantasizing, it is okay to romanticize poverty, the poor themselves do not want to call themselves poor, this can give a lot of likes.  Are we using Nano car that has been made till today and has reduced the poverty of the poor and 29 people by driving that car and doing shopping and giving pencils to the children? The poor man who was the first one has started selling the toli, so there is one India, so now we are in it.  There is no compulsion to romance the poor. Poverty is a curse. Okay, you don't like poverty, it means you dislike the poor. Poverty is the person who doesn't have the power. We have to bring him up. There is no need to mess with him in life.  If you want to do powertech velvet, then these are the songs like this, we will have to race with our mind that if I don't get this, I should just get that brother, I don't get it, I don't get love even with people with money. Love I will stop at this point of time, tell me how do you like this series, do n't romanticize the belief system, don't hurt, if you are poor, it is very good because that move used to show in this way that the board girl Sona is always the villain and towards the poor.  In a country where Dhanush has reduced time and he will be shown as a villain, the day the poor will be shown as villains, they will also get to watch movies. If the idea of ​​watching movies is coming only in the relative list, then they will be on top. End Money 34 Money is an amplifier. Money makes you now bigger for what you are. If you were a charitable person, you would donate to very rich people. You were fond of motorcycles. You used to buy this incident fruit and your  If you have a lot of money, then you will buy it now, this amplifier does it, so at this time also in the business newspaper, if you are okay, all this is intermediate medium to he will be communicated money, this Rahu is the amplifier, he will make you a little, whatever you are good at.  You will become very good and if you are second then you need to spend in this beat system. Tell me how you liked the video and share it with people. Thank you have a.