Hello friends, this is going to be a great video of real estate education. This will be very beneficial in your decision making and you will get clarity on an aspect on which many people make videos, very simplistic, beautiful, genuine criteria, but there is a lot of confusion on this, 360 degree on this  I am going to give you a perspective, you will understand it very well because to say someone comes and tells you something and in a very simple way and then you accept that person, you accept that person, a hospital is a big influencer like this, 40 lakh subscribers on 20 lakh 25 lakh No problem friend, it's very simple, they tell me that I cannot be an expert, I am me, okay, I have to tell the number one real estate clarity to the audience so that they think it's okay or feel that it's good, then now I will judge you that I am  Or not, it's okay, start judging from now on, mostly you people know, suppose you bought a property worth one crore and its rent is Rs. 4 lakh per year, so that is your 4 lakh, around 33000, okay  If it is there then there will be 4% rent but what happens is that you will go to buy a property, I want to buy a property, you have to make a decision, 4% is 4%, you will not get it, practically you will not get it, so it means you will get it somewhere in the segment of 20-30 lakhs In some small town or some normal city you wo n't get a decent property in the beginning but this 4% ventilator I am saying is possible it is only under construction d capital [Music] so there you have it  So there you will get rent of 20-22000, capital appreciation is high, take 2.4%, now here also we will read rent according to inflation but capital appreciation is not happening, so we do not want to buy this in this present property time. In the present property times, we want to buy the under construction property of a marquee builder in a great city. Hey, you are talking nonsense. He will build it. He is a thief, he is a builder. Hey friend, yes the thief is no more. All those thieves are not in jail. These ones also became thieves, then they went out of the house, the car met with an accident, then they got married, the wife cheated, then they got married, the mother-in-law tortured them, then they got married, the husband cheated, then they should give birth to children, if the children turn out to be in the corporation  If the marriage of your children does not go well then how can you live your life, friend? Can you ever live? If you think so much then you went to a restaurant to eat, he washed his hands, the waiter washed his hands, I am sitting in the plane, the pilot of the plane, the atmosphere of the doctor brother is created. Yes, you found a good builder, good location and booked it 20 * 5 20% 20% 20% 20-25*4 3040 2018 Taking D Rich So, it means if you close your eyes and cross the road every day without looking then  If people have less money then the risk is very high, then house risk related with making money, any activity, if you drive a car after drinking alcohol at night, then does it have any benefit, there is risk in isolation, go no link with making money, my chances are lost  is too much now In a lottery, the risk is the highest, the probability is the lowest but it is very low, but if we write risky water, then understand the word understanding risk reward, for this quote of risk which you have taken, what is the reward and what is this ratio  If I get more rewards then this equation is included in this, I will get more rewards, so alpha beta is as you understand in stock market, those of you who know would be coming back to the stock market class on rent  4 % of the investment is only possible if you are buying under construction property and in these cases only 5% is there. Do not ever leave the chance of capital appreciation because it happens only once and it happens again and again after that.  That is capital appreciation, the inflation story is already done, first the pit is dug, then four Tiwaris are put in it, then the construction starts, then the builder comes and he builds it so well.  It is like this, how much mismatch is there in it, okay, and what kind of thing is it, how much is the builder worthless, because when he buys a ready-made building from you, someone in his life is giving him money and he will pay you a premium, but he is able to see everything, okay  So he will take it after checking, till now you have seen that friend, this is something like this, one kheer will be made, so right now the kheer is being made, even then the rate is Rs. 1 per bowl and if it is found out that it is very tasty, then the rate is 40 rupees more  Once it is built, you can test it and a review of the test can be done and it can be informed, but it is still being built, so I will not say that it is pressure, but I will say that it is happening, they are good builders, have good intentions.  There are listed players, some are going to be listed, there is transparency, these are big cities, it is playing out very well, ahead of nine, so take the plate in any way where you understand, if someone has bought a DDA flat worth Rs 3 lakh in Janakpuri in 1988  and its rent comes to 4.5 lakhs i.e.  It is approximately 37,000 per month, so take 150% of its rental. No, not 150, it will be only 3% because currently it is worth one and a half crore rupees and at one time it was worth one crore 80 lakhs, it fell from one crore 80 lakhs to grade one.  So when one was at 80, then its rental was 2.5% so this is D way people but even for me it is a simple calculation friend I gave him only 3 lakhs otherwise it is like dividend if I bought NHPC share at ₹ 12 and  Right now it is of 40 rupees, if 40 is divided by 6% then how much will the one with 12 bet, friend, tell me this, I had placed it on 12, you will tell me also 6% only, whether it is 20% or not, tell me  I am getting 20% return, if my one lakh rupees are being divided by it then why would I give it 6%, just because its valuation is late  I have increased it to Rs 3 lakh which I had bought as share, so this is what happens, financial influencers will cheat you and they cheat because the premise of the calculation they show is wrong, the calculation is correct 4 * 4 so everyone will say 16  4 * 5 = 20 I will tell you that if you tell me something wrong then people will catch me, but no one told me why he is doing this four five, no one asks this question, nobody questions the basis on why you do 4 5, this is a problem, so you should always question this, I hope Thank you for this rental