Hello friends, this is a very interesting and deep topic, definitely higher order thinking will be required, I am sure that my audience has been connected for so long, they are all doing higher order thinking and whatever is new is looking forward, then you have to think a little deeper.  You will understand what I am going to talk about, the topic is of today, you make the right choice in life, we have to make the right choice, so let's talk about that.  What is the choice, how to be happy in life, the purpose of one of the things in the channel is to have peace and happiness in life, ultimately to have joy in life, so this video will try to take you towards it, if I am successful. So, you have to like it but you have to write in the comment section, if you see a lot of me then that means I am okay in telling some kamyabrah, we have to make a choice, you all know that the first choice is the one which is visible. After 10th, we come to the subject, okay, let's start with the life of the child, then what to do after twelfth, it will depend on the subject, then college, then job, then marriage, okay, then which city to live in. Then it's okay to buy a house, buy a car, buy more things, we have to make a relationship, what to do or not, how to do it, we have to make a lot of choices about what is okay in life and what is wrong with what we think is our choice Deep Video  Now from now on, I feel like a little or the poet is wanting, now don't watch it while walking, the noise is bad, if I am watching this video, if the noise is bad, then pause it and watch it later, it will be lying on YouTube somewhere.  It wo n't disappear. Watch it peacefully for those who are going to get married. Watch it with your wife. Try watching it with someone and it will be fun. Is it okay to discuss or is someone far away? Please forward it to him and then discuss. Whatever I am telling you, we feel like it.  We are closing the choice and  When it is not our choice, then how can our choice be right? What are you saying? It is okay, it is not my choice. Suck the subject. What will your parents be happy with in the society? You are not even looking inside for your desires. Even when we go to wear clothes, people think that how am I looking? How do you feel after wearing the clothes? How do you look at yourself in the mirror? There is no criteria till this point, what should you do for example and Girls want to wear suit salwar because it has been said that in a particular area, if good girls wear suit salwar, then there will be conditioning, so your choice is an example. I am trying to tell you that in the same way, when you go to choose a girl, a boy goes to choose you.  If yes, then those choices also come from your conditioning. If your mother's marriage was such that your father had many siblings and many excuses and Nando had to do a lot for your man, so your man must be conditioned to get married in a house where the girl does not have a sister. I am telling you as examples, as real life examples, then whatever was your genuine choice, did you have any?  It has nothing to do with her, she is his sister. You want to go inside and think that my life partner should be like this. I would be happy with such a partner, but there would be a masking effect on him. I am trying to tell us all this time that  There is a choice on social media, it is good, it is breakfast like a king, that means all the things that we have to sell in breakfast, which are forcefully told to us, we think it is true, earlier they used to say that 30 years ago you used to make yours with charcoal, this is Colgate, now its  Inside Colgate, charcoal came after 30 years, first tell some stories, then I am telling some of that in Our Choices Are Always Influence and we have to see in everything where I am actually. Choice is the biggest criterion for actual choice. You should have date experience. Only you can give her genuine choice. For example, I have eaten a lot of Gulab Jamun. Eat a lot of Rasgullas. Now you can tell that I like Rasgullas. My choice is Rasgullas. Next time when Gulab  If you are given Jamun and Rasgulla then you are now giving the choice because your tongue has taken that taste and your body knows.  Who knows how full the stomach will fill, this thing is called choice, the one who has done that thing, you have never gone to an award in your life, but you have made the choice that I have to go to Canada because my parents have put me through so much trouble, there is a job here.  I am not getting any sexy education, I can't do much else, I am getting old, so I have to escape and go to Canada. Now after going to Canada, I will tell her that it is my choice. Okay, many people call their compulsion as a choice because you are a helpless person.  it  If speaking seems to be a bit correct in the society, then every person forcefully calls it a choice, whether it is the selection of your job, whether it is the selection of your spouse, whether you want a car or something, you want a car which is robotic and does not require much maintenance.  By doing like this, it should actually be your choice at this price and you have driven 10-15 cars but society will influence you otherwise it should not be like this, it doesn't look like that at least.  It should be like this, now that you are under influence and they are going, then I understand the difference between choice and conditioning. Conditioning is what is happening. There is no choice in conditioning. To make a choice, you have to sit like this and think that man, I am doing this.  I will do less and I will enjoy it because when we take pride in the choices of others which we have been advised, then if she does not work out tomorrow then we think that she is an athlete.  People will not tell us anything, plus I can tell them that I did it because of you, so in this matter, people are not doing what their man is doing to live their life well. Food is such a thing in which there is a choice.  It comes out very clearly that brinjal bharta is not a match choice or if someone likes Litti Chokha, then even one likes less than choice but de choice bikams, you like any C, it is fine but that is not the choice for them. Those who have had experience will like it, then you will be able to make the choice generally only where you have had first hand experience yourself. That's why if you are a young person or even if you are not young then try you have maximum experience and try generally. INTERACT WITH PEOPLE WHO HAVE YOU EXPERIENCE WITH THEM Suppose you have to do some kind of job, you have to see the lawyer's lock, should I go into law as chartered  Should I go into accountancy, how much are they enjoying, are there challenges, are there fun, are there not, and today it was so much, it will be so much less, whether this profession is fit or not, it is because this is what is happening in India.  It does a little better, there is a concentration of all the population there, the numbers become more and then that thing does not last that long, then there is conditioning in the choice. I was trying to tell you that there is mobile at every level.  If you want to buy a phone, if you want to buy clothes, if you want to do anything, like I made a video on blackening your hair, there is a conditioning that if your age is less then the hair has turned grey, people are your uncle's, he is 4 years younger than you, his own  All the houses are white but they empty them and they feel that if you don't blacken them then you have actually become old because in 70 years people will blacken them and in 65 years they think it is economical.  Repaired is like it is reduced in the official language, then what will be your choice? I saw that video of old Vedant, you must go and watch it, but when you say that it is my personal choice whether I dye my hair black or not, then you have a question.  Is it your personal choice? That's what you have to check, is it actually your personal choice? Now winter will come. It is the month of November, December and January. It will be so cold and your Apply it on your hair and keep it cold, cool, cool for 1 hour and there is no drying, there is no sunlight and brother, I don't want to blacken my hair, it is my personal choice, someone's personal choice can be such that it hurts the body till the body calls it.  What are you doing, but the conditioning is saying that you have to do this and then you call it a personal choice, this is what I want to warn the society that do not wear this mask out of compulsion, if you have to do something.  You have to flatter your boss, you have to reduce some things that you do n't actually want to do, don't tell them this is my choice, tell them it is my compulsion to do, I am facing hate incidents, I hate from within and want freedom from it.  It's my choice, so people forget their genuine choice, so when they get something in life, they don't even realize it because you have done layer upon layer upon layer upon layer upon layer upon layer of Chadha's conditioning.  By doing this you have come, this nonsense was my choice, I hope I have been able to explain this thing, no one is making such topics, the poet needs a little encouragement to bring such poetry, no one else is making such content.  It is being built anywhere, so I have peace from within that I am making it like this, if I am successful please do it and everyone in the society will condition me, everyone will say, you need a big house, you need a big car, this is your choice only.  It is very difficult for them, these days you are being forced to choose, and women know this very well, men know less that women make men choose, do not call them very successful by giving them positions, it is necessary that men understand this.  So, if you don't know what to do in life, then the women who are old women are not able to understand gym life well, the girls nowadays are doing it every day, they do n't even know that art, the subtle art of being a wife, are n't you?  It is her choice to make her husband fool. Nowadays, due to conditioning, it seems as if she is being forced to do it, it is not the leaves that are forcing me to do it. Those were sensible women and the marriages that were so long lasting were because the husband felt that his choice was right.  If so, then I have told this last line as a joke. Don't get the wrong meaning from this, but this is the way, okay, women will probably be able to explain this thing as much as men can understand how it happens.  Inception is also called the word ' putting it in my mind and then you feel that it is my choice' and sometimes in many situations, I am fine at home too. Women do this ultimately, then there is no such vice for the growth of the family.  But if someone from outside is doing the same thing then why do I understand this because I understand marketing and also at a deep level, it is not me who just learns all these things which I  Now I am telling you that this is not being taught, that is, it is being understood, in this way, at this level, what I am telling is correct, so conditioning is being done in the system, wherever you are going, it is from newspaper to Political party, everything that is seen on TV, whatever is coming on the news, you feel that it is your choice, whether you are voting in the election, what you feel is your choice, is it yours?  There is a choice, this is a question, make the video interesting, if you get confused, then write 'C', to understand a little, I have succeeded in time, if there is more 'C', I will come again sometime and try to understand it better, but if I have succeeded, then please keep it, thank you.