Hello friends, you are lazy, this casting is you gem in real estate, I am going to tell you about this in this video, watch till the end and understand well, it is a very learning thing, you want to buy property, these are premises, you are having fun, passing time. Want to know the rates, they are not applicable because when you don't want to buy it, it is not costing you anything, you are genuine wire, you want to buy it for investment, you have money or you want to buy it for the end, further below  It can be more or less, your package is ₹ 20 lakhs, you earn approximately 20 lakhs per year, so yes, 20 lakhs, if the package was 20 lakhs, you would have got only 15 lakhs, you know, the rest goes away and that is 15.  Out of the lakhs of rupees that you get, the whole year's expenses including everything, food, rent or travelling, children, everything, it would cost you 10 lakhs of rupees. Hardly 5 lakhs are saved. How much does 5 lakhs cost you?  If your package is Rs 20 lakh, then this is a savings of Rs 5 lakh in one year. Because of your lethargy and buying real estate, it is increasing by Rs 10 lakh. In many places, it is increasing by Rs 7 lakh. Two or four. In five days, you convert it, that is your savings of 2 years, it is so important, you went back 2 years just because you will go on Saturday or next week, I will see, this is just a presentation.  Friend, today I am tired because it is a bullish market. I would like to tell you from the example of Gurgaon real estate. People were asking last week. You are asking, there is a difference in the rate [Music] Which is ok because Sher Aaya Sher Aaya Sher Aaya Sher Aaya So, when the real lion comes for the third time, the villagers do not believe it. You must have heard the story. You must have heard the story of the child's shepherd. In childhood, the lion used to enjoy. When the real lion comes for the third time, the lion comes.  This is how marketing used to be in the market, this is how nobody will date, date is not, date but here is the only way, you see this happening, this is being alive, you are in the situation, and go and see if you have taken it or not, then next week.  Go and check what was being told is actually a big lie because if you ever get to learn then for that I am conducting web oil D rate D final rate 5 days 10  After a day it is said that it will happen like this, it will happen like this, then it is told that no one will ever oil price, if it is actually 100 and brother, it is actually 120, for you it is 105, by doing this the story will be told, the actual cost sheet level has happened.  Go for annual pay or what is done in smart marketing in that, if they change the payment plan or if they remove the features which are being given to one half, then also this  If you are not giving the thing, then the new one will not get it. No, the rate has not increased. The rate is known only to the one who takes it because at how much did I take it and what were my terms and conditions and now what after a week and 10 days? So, I have an offer to all of you for all the subscribers who have purchased it, no one asks you, you keep listening to the connected end rates in Vinash, who has taken it in which project, you can write in the comment section.  Are  You can write to me on WhatsApp and give information about it. I had earlier also made a video that the transparency of the price in Gurgaon Real Estate Stock Exchange, where I am, will not work like that of the course teacher because it is not changing within minutes, but  The days are changing, now you have reach, the days are changing and you have to be connected, you believe it, brother, which one is here, how is it, what is it, okay, I was getting this plan, you have changed the plan, okay.  Now they are not giving, now they are giving, now if they are not getting this, then this will be the end, which is just seven-eight days, there is a lot of Krishna, 20 days will be spent for Shraddha, after that October 2.0 of real estate will start and there will be many festivals in it.  There will be a lot of discounting and system of freebies and gifts, but the price will have increased and if you get caught by paying ₹ 100-120 for all four, then the children get excitement in it, I say Kinder.  The one who gets that kinder joy is called Joy Syndrome. In it, you get a toy worth ₹ 2, this is ₹ 40, it is 45-50 and this small one, those children enjoy it only for the little ones. Maybe, how much value is this for?  If people don't pay attention to what a gem is, then it is not everyone's child, it is not left behind, it remains in the subconscious mind and it is done completely in marketing. I also teach this marketing on both sides.  I understand it from both the sides, so there is no mistake in it, it is not marketing that is being cheated or stolen, it is marketing through sales, everything happens, you have to understand when is the right time to take it, which project is it, what?  According to the accounts, the one who is doing VT in Lethargy, the one who has to take it, the one who doesn't want to take it, will have to wait even for 6 years, but the one who has everything clear, his wife has also told him, his parents have also told him about the down payment money.  I also have it  I am completely in the mood to take it, now I am thinking, so I am thinking slowly, sometimes what happens is that people are not decision makers because they become overwhelmed with the information, this bro share and every person like I teach, every person somewhere  Somewhere he takes it, friend, he collected too much, this syndrome definitely happens, you buy a car, buy a little phone, it may be some friend or relative of yours, what did you take, for how much did you take it, I would have got it better, did I have that or that? takes away the phone  Why did you buy this one, this one has this car, it has air bags like this, it had this feature in the back, it was getting a music system for free, even if you bought a car from here, even from one showroom, another one is giving this.  There is a never ending true feeling in this affair, what is the decision parallelisses happening and this decision paralysis is casting you real Mani, I have explained so well by example that the package of 20 lakhs Your savings of ₹ 500000 gets ₹ 15 lakhs by knocking out ₹ 10 lakhs, your expenses, if these 5 to 10 lakhs increase in any property, nothing happens in it, just look at it and the property increases and you are left and then  You had to buy, if you buy then your savings of 2 years have been destroyed, you have to see and why just because you could not take the decision, I am helping in decision making. Doing valuation comparison, I am answering all the questions, so those who are connected, it is very good and new people are joining, you can WhatsApp me and for webinars, those who are already connected with me, don't send those 1000 messages.  Hey, when you are ready, you are the new people who are listening for the first time, you are not connected, you can connect with the WhatsApp number below my number, there will be multiplex for three to four to five days. To understand the different projects because many a times you say that it is like 50 properties in a five star hotel on a Sunday. They all say, brother, tell me which one to buy, there are 50 like in a shop.  Let's go, which sweet to eat, you say brother, which good one is good brother, you tell me which one is good, okay, then for decision making, somebody needs you to explain H project.  Tax about 45 minutes, you 50 minutes, now you are investing so many crores, so 40 50 minutes, now that is a way to understand, so if you want to understand then take out time even during the week. Now I will start giving notifications on my maybe community page of D channel also so that everyone knows okay so they are connected in real time.  It's okay in time, after that if you ask, I will repeat it. If you haven't watched the morning show, then watch the evening show. If you haven't watched the evening show, then it's for the next day. It doesn't mean that I couldn't watch it. Now record me. Do this because recording.  It takes a lot of effort to do it, if all the effort had gone into it, then everything would not have been recorded properly every time and many things would not have been mentioned on the recording, you know, okay, you know about the related projects, thank you very much.  mech