Hello friends, this is a video for teachers. If you are a teacher then watch the entire video or you are married to a teacher. The meaning of teacher is that even after becoming a teacher, there is power, it means qualification, maybe you have taken a break for some reason but  Did you ever have to take a break? Have you taken a break now or are you having to do it now? There is some wish of the private school. The topic of the school is yes. Teachers can make the children a brand and should make them brand and they can increase the fear. What happens in 5x10x teachers in income, there are some cash subjects, brothers of 11th and 12th PCS, so they are doing whatever they are doing, although they can also be made 5x10x but there should be one more teacher, sixth class Hindi teacher, seventh class culture teacher. No one is asking the 8th class social science history student and they feel that brother, we are only 25-30.  35000 is the case, you have to see that the condition of teachers is like that of some farmers, you understand that the wheat or whatever is our food society, the vegetables are not cheap but the condition of the farmers is still bad, this is how the education fee is private.  If you see, school fees are so high, all the parents are worried, including the teachers, if their children want to study, then all the teachers know that their schools are among the big lions.  What is his fee but his comment rate is not his salary, there must be one and a half star teacher, I am not talking about him but I am talking about a general Everest teacher, what is the condition of the teachers, here I am very good.  I am doing a workshop this Saturday, if you want to be a part of the workshop, where you will be given a tangible history because what is the school has become a mess in itself because I  I have taken 4 acres of story, sometimes I have made something, sometimes I have taken all the licenses, now it's all about me, money, kutung, how many years old will the teacher's salary keep increasing, teachers have to see this today, they have known this in the last 5 years How big is his salary, how much was it and how much is it today and asked about the broom that came to the house for his maid, compare it with the one who does the utensils, do the percentage wise, Nisha is not saying to show.  I am saying this to show that the story or the story is getting messed up. You see this, the teachers who have been there in the last five years, they themselves know the idea of ​​school fees, whether they or their children will also have to study, the percentage of school fees in 5 years.  Look at how big she is and how big her salary is, but what is there, most of them are women, they think of second income as 'come on, this is my pocket money, is it time pass or not? Very serious money can be earned by being a teacher.'  And  Again and again I am bringing those subjects which no one asks, brother, Maths, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, this is definitely accountancy and your commerce etc. subjects, this is definitely what is going on, I am talking about other Monday subjects. Also talk about it, no one even asks the 7th class history teacher, the Hindi one, no one even asks the poor one, even the parents come to the parent teacher meeting, they speak Hindi.  This is the pain of not meeting the teacher. This is the pain of Hindi teachers. This is your pain. If you are a Hindi teacher then please write to him. If you want to be a part of the workshop then please WhatsApp the teacher on the number given below and spread this in your circle. This is not a competition as many teachers spread this video here and there in their staff rooms. This is not a competition. There is a power to do better by getting more teachers, which means you can do better in the group because how can you learn the best? What to do, what to do, how to create your content, how to digitize it, because you see this, friend, these are 22 23 24 25 year old boys, okay, they were not teachers, this is age, they are 22 23 24, they have created a unicorn, friend.  So you have been teaching for 15, 20, 25 years, your conditions are so bad, sir, the teachers have money in the platform, should the person who created the platform become cashew nuts or  Be it scabies or any light or light, whatever name you keep, he is making money, teachers are laborers, you are understanding that teachers are laborers, I am calling these laborers who are laborers, teachers are laborers, I am one of those big  I am telling Khan not to show Nisha that brother, you are not a laborer, what is there that you cannot do, okay you cannot say 8000 crores but can you be 50 lakhs, now with a smile on the face he is addressing women. am men  I am also doing it to anyone, be it a teacher, someone is also involved in coaching, if someone wants to earn money by studying or is working to earn money by studying, then that person please attend this workshop and this will increase your clarity a lot and your ability to earn real time money will increase.  Any teacher, be it of any class, of any subject, can add it, you will get something suitable for you and time table, I will also bring some exports, which is such a platform for digitization.  What does Banta do, I will also do hand holding, then I will tell the whole note only, for those who are interested, I will also do it, brother, do it like this, this is a workshop on Saturday at 6:00 pm. Answer: You are watching the video. You will be watching this video on Thursday.  Friday Saturday morning is fine so I will not say dates in these two so it is a matter of 72 hours from the time you will see this video and after that you will see it otherwise it will be Saturday  After 6:00 pm, you will not be able to see it. Okay, so please join, please share and please also make notes as part of it. Just like you make notes from children, making notes is a 2-hour workshop. Your answers etc. will also be given, complete history. How every subject can be monetized will be given on a big scale and in this I will also inbuilt that how can you do good to the society also, how can you do good to the society also, now you see this or that.  It's a dagger, do you know that yours on YouTube is Aman Sattarwal ji? Okay, your Physics guy is a great guy, looking at him, how do you feel that I should become his teacher, I am saying that brother, it is better to do my bit than to subordinate myself to someone.  Do less and earn more money from it. Sticking is done, people's sticks stick, that re period of time is mine, so I am the master, I kept you today, took out your juice, tomorrow you make more noise.  They are making noise, threw you out and then took someone else because his name is his, the teacher is anonymous, I will tell you the five best teachers there, tell me, I did not know that the brand is of the institute, so I belong to the same, when you have nothing to do with it.  No, Goodwill saree is his. If people are passing by, children are passing by, he is studying, he is doing something then it is nothing of his, no one knows you, are you ever teaching here, is it a school, speak like a school.  giving this public  School Date Public School: This is a very good school but the teacher does not take anything away from it. The name of the school is the school's building. The fees are to be paid by the school. All the fun is taken by the platform whether it is the proprietor or the trust of the school or whatever.  Even if all that is of benefit to them, there is no benefit to you and even after you have taught for 25-30 years, you still have nothing left. Like Master Dinanath Chauhan, son, you have not earned much money but you have earned a lot of respect. These are the teachers.  They are very busy in the pursuit of respect and money but if they are not able to work then I want to give them training and workshop to earn money along with respect. Please come and see it once, understand and butter your life. Thank you.