Hello friends, today I have brought a very revolutionary video, this is the first video of the year. This is the video. If you want to benefit from it in reality then you will have to forward it to at least 100 people and when you watch the video further, you will understand.  I will understand that why should I forward it to 100 people, I am a tea totaler, I do not take any drug, now you will think that I am giving this disclaimer because some people may think after listening to what I say that  May be, I made this video under the influence of something, so I would like to tell you that I have never taken drugs in my life, I have never given up taking drugs, I have never done drugs in my life. Many of you know me personally, so you will know this.  Fact, coming to today's topic, the topic is how to earn 1 crore in 15 minutes, so in the next 15 minutes in the video, I will make you earn 1 crore, there is an English proverb for you people.  A penny saved is a penny earned, everyone has heard this, so I say that a penny earned is still a penny only. Now many people will say no, every drop fills the ocean, so today I am going to fill the ocean of all of you.  I am going to tell you that if you save one crore rupees, it will be equivalent to your income. This video is for upper middle class, middle middle class. You will stay connected till the end. A template. I am an upper middle class middle class person, he has two children. The cost of higher education and marriage of two children is around Rs 1 crore. Higher education is around Rs 25 to 30 lakhs, which is the trend of the market. Even in marriage, it is Rs 20 lakh.  If it's a boy, it's Rs. 20 lakhs. If it's a girl, it's Rs. 30 lakhs. There's a marital counselor. There are a lot of fights in marriage. So, the market rate. I know the price of marriage.  How much does it cost, including all the expenses, I am telling you, even gold jewellery, food, drinks, dresses, etc., everything including lily flowers, venue expenses, food and drink, everything is almost market rate, Covid has spoiled the party a bit but  Generally people who do budgeting are of 25 to 30 lakhs. If you multiply these things then it will come to 1 crore plus. You will have to spend a little but that is one.  You have to save crores, now you stay connected to know how to do it, I divide it into two parts, first is studies, then is marriage, so first I will talk about studies and in this you people should look carefully, those who have passed the study stage.  You can still save your 50 lakhs because they have already spent it on the education of their children and those whose children are now in 10th, 11th and 12th, they have to look very carefully and those who are younger than them, even more carefully.  It has to be seen because if this society changes, the way of thinking which I am going to tell changes, then a lot of money is going to be saved for many of us and those who have a child should do all the calculations from 75 and not from F because one  Divide expenses are more in the case of a child too because if that only factor comes then it will be 75. If it becomes two then there is one and if there is one then divide it by 75. So, I would like to tell you that you can spend money on your child's education. Don't spend, they won't say, what are children for? Spending has to be done. People have made up their minds that 25 to 30 lakh people are wasting it. They are not getting jobs. According to that, the return on investment is very poor. What I have discussed so far in this video is Said things, if you are feeling a little irritable that you are not enjoying it, I do n't know what to tell and what is he telling, if you are not enjoying then still stay connected because if this irritable  If you are an education institution, they are taking Rs 25 to 30 lakhs from us, then it is understandable why you are paying Rs 25 to 30 lakhs. You are a party giving Rs 25 to 30 lakhs. I will give you two examples. Hotel Management and Law. It is applicable across the sectors.  But I will take two examples and tell you that you have invested a lot of money in hotel management. Requirements of hotels today  It is not enough that they hire people with the same qualification, they will put a boy worth Rs 15000 in a tie suit and will say hello ma'am, welcome, what is such a great work that the one who will come back after studying there will be given that much money to him.  It is not enough to get a job, job ji, everyone understand that I am sitting in the market, I do counselling, I do career counseling for children also, every job is 20 25 30 35, this will be just this much, many are gone.  That's why I am going to give you a hint. Here, your children have done jobs and business for 50-55 years. Those whose children are still 20-2 years old, what work will be done and what will be done. If you do n't know then when will you know?  If you don't have it then what are you preparing for? It's a transition face world and it is transiting so get anything cheap. Why can't a 32 year old child study? He can do a course. Why can't a 35 year old child do it? Why can't I study at the age of 40? Why can't I study later? Why now? To freeze the money, Artificial Intelligence will eat many things. Come on, let me get a test done right now. You have 10 children in your friend circle who are older than you. Couples are older than you. Children, see what they are doing. 25 Those who are not in government jobs and what job did they do? What education did they give? Is there any coordination between education and job? Is there any coordination between those who were doing this work?  You could not do it by doing normal graduation, you have to check, I am talking about today, the child who got set in 2015 14 16, not about the one in 2021 or whatever is the past year, those who got jobs in 2020, now you can use the template of 2012.  Don't assume that he is such a topper, he is doing well, then it is wrong, find out 10 people whose children have lost their jobs. Only six months ago, you will be surprised that middle class and upper middle class children are sitting unemployed because they are not enjoying the jobs they are getting and the jobs they want to do are either  No or they are not that strong or they are not interested. Even the IIT IM people are roaming around without it. Not many of them are there and their salary packages are very less in the market because of this people are saying that the business models. They have changed, people have realized that we do not need as much as we had kept because Covid has opened the eyes of the people as to how much payment they were giving and how much work is going on even without them, so this will give you your 25-30 lakh cold  If you don't have two children, you have saved 50 lakhs, then what to do? These are saved, it's not because there is love, you have to spend even 50 lakhs for the children, do n't spend beyond that, buy a residence for them, buy a flat to live in.  Buy a place and for this you will have to live in a big city only. The business will be there only. This template will not work in a small city that I have children somewhere and you have to live somewhere nearby. There is a basic theme line in each of my videos, so in this In three to four years, you will be getting around 25 lakhs, 30 lakhs or even 24-23 lakhs. The good ones are of 600-700 carpet area, take that rent of Rs. 0000 and you will save four years.  Later, when you get it somewhere, it is 100% sure that 20000 return on investment is almost 100% sure, it is fine, we will install AC in it and give the child a car, give a safe car where it has air bags, good steering, par steering and fine.  - Give me a nice car and two things worth Rs. 6 lakhs. Why am I telling you that in our jobs, you look at the people who have been working for 25 years.  I went for these two things for 45 years, bought a car and a house, kept giving money for it, you are asking me to make a bypass, I am not asking you to leave the city, the government makes a bypass, I am saying bypass the whole system.  Those parents who do this will see that their children will be able to do very well in the future, because I want to tell you one thing about the brilliant children, on whom water should be spent, it should be spent on them, but mostly our children are less than 85, 90. Normal Average Category: You people who do jobs will recognize that when you are doing a job, like example of government job from lets, then if your promotion is to happen in 13, 14, 15, 16 years from lets, then it is not that you will not know in 10 years.  It is not yours to be or not to be, it is not for the late ones at 50 that 80 and 85 of them come to know long ago where they stand, the destroyer is only  It happens to people at 10, 15, 20 who were thinking that it could or should be ours and if it doesn't happen, that is, when we have such a small pool where our chances of promotion are up to 50, we relax that it is not going to be ours.  And we prepare for it mentally also. Whatever selection of children is being played anywhere on page 1.2.5, that game will help your child in 10th and 12th class.  You can't guess from the marks where my child is going, it is necessary to waste money on it, that is, on education, you love the child till the last breath, you have to keep his accounts correct, then you yourself sit with the child and talk to him and much more.  There will be job opportunities in different gig economy in which there is no need to spend any money, this is big money, you save the education part, I hope I have cleared it, now I will come to the marriage part.  If you have any issue or doubt on education then you can connect with me. Secondly, I would like to tell everyone whose children are not brilliant and are between the age of 21 to 25 years and have completed graduation, join me while sitting idle at home. I will get them jobs, I will get them trained and I will do that for them, what is there in this, they are not from IS category, this is some 1 lakh 10 lakh jobs, I don't know what is dreamy.  They are not worldly people, they are hardworking good children but they don't have clarity as to what to do, then you can connect with me, I am the one who does jobs, not the one who does career counseling, but the one who provides jobs, brother, in which you have to do some work from the first day, then it is your faith, how much do you want to do in it.  So for that, you can join me, for this, whoever is watching this video, I believe that tell everyone in the society, there is no need to spend any money unnecessarily, children are doing law by giving 23 lakhs but lawyers.  so one  It can be done even in Rs 1.5 lakh, by paying Rs 253 lakh it is not that you will get a job or the lawyer is very good or someone asks from where you have done law, these children are studying from Jat College, they are studying from Maharashi Day University Rohtak. They are also becoming good lawyers and there is a good environment to become a lawyer. They are doing it from Ghaziabad. Chaudhary Charans is doing it from University. Are there less lawyers here? This is the real meaning of them, they are leaders connected to the ground, they are called from the ground.  There are connected lawyers, they know where and what problems are happening, how to deal with them and what to do because there are only five or six books of law, how many books of law are there, go somewhere and read them, somewhere you can read them for Rs 1 lakh, you can read them for as many as four years.  There is a course somewhere where you can study it by paying 23 lakhs. Law is changing in India, so I have given only two examples, they will be applicable for hotel management and law people, so you can run your permuted combination.  Take my advice. There is no need to spend money on education in the next three-four years. Put your child directly to work and he will study side by side. It is important to have the stamp of graduation in the marriage market, psychologically, do that.  Will take exams for all government jobs, you can give them just being a graduate from any normal place, he does n't ask from where did you do it, how much did you do, so I have covered all this, now I come to marriage after marriage also.  25 to 30 lakhs are being spent on children's marriage, I am saying spend 2 lakhs to 3 lakhs, feed them food, take them on nice trips, wear very cute dresses, take very nice photographs, may the parents bless them.  Make an album, spend as much as you want, I believe in rituals, what do they call court cases in the court, marriage is not for them, not that much, do it cheap, do it yourself, give 2-4 5 lakhs, whatever it is, do the party function well.  But don't waste 30 lakhs, the money that is saved, 25 lakhs is saved for the girl, is saved for the boy's father, first meet each other, put it in both your FDs and tell the children, both the boys should call the girl, the girl's father and the boys. Father, I am going to tell you this very important thing, society can change if you send it to everyone because it is necessary to send it because if the boy's mother is not agreeing and you, being the girl's father, are applying this formula, then it will not work for both the parties.  have to understand  The society has to understand that revolution is an idea. The channel is small but the idea is revolution and how much you can understand and how far you can spread this thing will depend on whether this thing catches on in the country or not, then you will get that money for your children.  I have to give it to a marriage counselor. I have spent Rs. 50 lakhs. It doesn't take 50 days for the marriage. They come forward and sit down to give consultancy because I didn't enjoy it. This is not right for the children.  There is an issue of attention span and there are many issues of marriages. 50-60 lakh marriages are taking place. Now I look into the eyes of those parents who come and sit, I think that they are feeling sad about the breakup of their child's marriage. Or they lost 50-60 lakhs and their loss is more painful, I don't understand, because things like this happen and I am telling you this live thing, I am suffering what I am seeing every day. And what do you say to people, I see those fights every day, if what I am bringing to you was in front of you, then you have to understand that you should not have any dreamy idea about this thing that what is my daughter, 30 lakhs, so I have to spend 25.  A boy is also a father of a boy, let's do 20, so we will also do it, you don't have to, you have to tell the couple that you should spend the first anniversary without fighting, without quarrels, without complaining, if you remove yours then it is okay for the parents. Will give you a reward of 4 lakhs, one parent also says, I also got 4 lakhs, so 8 lakhs, this couple has to be fed, yes, 4 lakhs is fine, 4 lakhs, one got a bonus, 4 lakhs, one got a bonus, they will not even do that.  Will not say mummy, does the girl know how to cook? Doesn't she know how to cook? The girl will not say anything. Both of them are to get a bonus of 8 lakhs. Those who get incentives and bonuses, do they open their mouths? Then keep the incentives. Yes, now it is time for you child.  The salary has been paid well, the girl's job may have to be relaxed a bit, okay, she does not want to have children, that is my job, how much is the job? Yes, do you have a job with a package of 80 lakhs, if you have a child,  If there will be a loss, then perhaps it is understandable. It's okay, it's a small job for everyone, and on top of that, you have to incentivize the couple with the same money that you had to give them. They spend the money in the wedding by doing things like this, or by dancing. remained  It happens and the music is being played, the hydraulic lift is coming, the dust is coming from here and people are busy, meaning then the eaters say, 'Dude, Paneer is not good', someone says something like this, some uncle is angry.  Some people go, some are fine, some all that, there are all the worries of weddings, suit, saree and all this, you all know it is okay, there is no need to fall into that trap, bring this couple, tell me children, this is our budget for your wedding, both mothers-  Father  These 50 lakhs are yours, these 50 lakhs are yours, it is not that we have to give them to you to save ourselves and keep giving them incentives every year. It will take seven to eight years to give incentives for that much money because interest will also come. I did the calculation on Microsoft Excel, yes?  10 years have passed since then, it can be such a soothing track. There are two or three people I know who have applied the formula in the last two years. Some say 100, 200. I can tell someone.  I will not impress, it is only two or three, okay, they did it, they are very happy and grateful and said, 'Man, you have told a very good trick, so how did you guys like these two things? Please give feedback on the one who is able to understand it in his mind, then he should tell everyone about it.  Please forward it and those who have spent this money do not need to say that yes, this is us because it belongs to someone who also spent Rs. 30 lakhs on the education of his child and Rs. 3035 lakhs on marriage.  Now he will not get any savings, but he can be honest and say to the society that man, this guy is doing the right thing, look like this, weddings are happening cheaply during Covid, doing something like this will reduce all the wedding expenses.  It's got nothing to do with the quality of the marriage. Marriage is an independent entity, so when we buy a fridge, we buy an AC, we ask for a warranty, something like 200 thousand rupees.  We will buy something worth Rs 40,000, we need a warranty of 5 years, a compressor of 10 years but for Rs 50 lakh, what do we say, we will get married but beyond that there is no guarantee either from the girl's side or from the boy's side, so when we are like this  How does our nature change so much? If we are Indians, we are middle class, we are typical, we are like this, how come we change so much, when we go to buy a flat worth 24-25 lakhs.  He says, he is a builder from Mavan Construction, how is RERA, how is the payment plan, how is the location, how much is my rental, it is good, I teach all this in my other videos, you should ask everything but the education people do not ask even one person that brother, you are my job. What will he do with this and that is not even for the job, there is a big scam going on in many institutions, I don't want to name them openly, they do campus placements by telling some people that this is the same hefty fee. Give some of them, you take such a package, 40 boys will go, five-six will turn out to be useful, he will keep them, do not train them, do not hire them for the job, once their margin is exhausted, they will print the photos. Yes, placements are happening here.  It is true and it is also happening but it is not told that after six months the person who is taking placement is fired from the job because that too is a big scam going on. Telling all these things seems a bit strange and also strange.  Is That friend, why am I taking so much but sometimes I feel like giving clarity, this was the first video of the year, so I hope it is received well and the things I told in it, if you watch them and spread them in the society, then everyone will think. Every education institution will be asked, brother, what are you doing, what will be the job, what will be the accounting in this, you are taking 253 lakhs, don't spend this much, teach from Delhi University, from any college.  People turn out much much smarter, it is okay, otherwise get it done from some other college, it is okay, at least that money is being wasted, what hurts me the most is what I get from children when I am 22, 23, 24 years old.  I also sit on interview panels etc. at some places. A 23 year old child does not know anything, he does not even know practical things, so I tell you that you have wasted four years of your life in that study and there is nothing else, do you understand?  If I come, I need mentorship, children need guidance, money is not needed that much, which is 253 lakhs, you people are looking for expenses and what I have told you about marriage, I am very very passionate about this aspect because I am a marital counselor, I have seen marriages breaking.  It hurts a lot, it's okay, although my shop will run well, no matter how many fights there are in it, but still I feel very bad, okay brother, save your marriage because marriage is life. Neev ji because this channel is all about family, how did you like the video, please tell me, share it with people, thank you.