Hello friends, the topic is: Are we parents? Will there be something between us parents or the most parents? Have we seen colors in the life of our kids? You can tell in the comment section and this is a little introspection in it, I will tell you, I will tell you some examples, it is okay for you to tell.  The first thing that happens is that whatever marks a child got, why did he get so many numbers, were the numbers so many, we check, okay, so many numbers should have come, I will end by making a small video here.  I will not elaborate on this but I would like to tell you one thing to the parents, who are husband and wife, who are father and mother, they have to see what level of intelligence and talent and skill set they are carrying with them. From the mixture of their children, those children were born to you.  If you don't know how to sing, if your wife doesn't know how to sing, then Lata Mangeshkar is brother's intelligence or something and her skill set can be changed from 19 to 20, from 21.  22 can't be done but that poor man and his child's outlaws lawyers can't note Wickham normal people don't understand base rate they don't understand probability just don't understand ki bhaiya out of thousand lakhs now don't tell you which agent was inside the poor man Which DNA chromosome made his child? He will not be his buffalo but you just have to tell him one small thing like you keep telling your children, look at that, Neha is their daughter in the neighborhood. See what a good slave she is, does she do slaves or look at Rohit, what kind of boy he is, what manners, what studies he has, look at his numbers, look at him, tell me if your children come and do like this some day, mummy, yes son, it is called food, that poor girl cannot be a talker.  After this video, these people who spoil the children, you should burst out laughing or you should start answering like this because you have the power to do so. Hey Papa, yes, Ramesh uncle's house is heaven, why don't you ever fight with his son?  talk  They were saying in the park, my father and mother do not fight, my father does not even drink alcohol, in your house you children come and tell the judgment every day because for how long will you tell the story that you crossed this river and read Jai and what you did and  If your grandfather had done this and done that then I don't know where I would have been today. Nowadays, the fools who are not the ones who turn around will turn around when you ask them to be rational, which I will explain to them about a small thing, and you will understand it in it.  Tell me son, we are a bomb team, we are such a team, either we will succeed or we will fail, so when nothing happens, it would not have happened to you, your father and mother also have some failure, when India loses the match, Rahul Dravid  This equally affected Rahul Dravid's notes are less than these, he is the coach, he is the mental brother of the team, he is the D coach of the team, the World Cup is just going to be the final from 7th June to 11th June, so Rahul Dravid is already this Riching brother-in-law, everyone else is playing IPL, he goes there and puts his mind to it, bill on this situation, parents have you on this situation, like this, they can't comment, if there is pain in your stomach, then you should have cut it on this strategic.  planning tactical planning long term planning short term planning plain A plain too plain C everything should be in placid D parent He can't say that I  You are not talented, I sent you tuition, I gave you some cashew bajju bajju, you did not study, your problem is that parents are doing this, they came in our time, population was less in your time, competition was less in your time. At your time, the children of poor people were not in competition, so if you were a little beaten middle class, your father, who all were there in that house, there were a few of his books.  It was okay, those books, you got the Mil Jati, Kar book, Moti wali or Tata McGraw Hill Mil Jati, or Herodo Mil Jati, I Don't Know Ho, it was okay, so it had a big role, that book was not available, okay, so it is very important.  You have to remember this thing that because you had the resources at that time, you were ahead of the world. Today everyone is sitting among the poor with mobile phones, so the competition of your child is with the children of all the poor because of accessibility.  Information is very easy, competition is increasing, money is multi food, opportunities and not increasing comments, if you rate, then nothing is going to happen by putting pressure that I tighten it, that belly in fire which is of poor child is that of middle class child. There is no power and this thing, you do not have to be disappointed, you have to be happy that you have got it out of there, now you have to find something else that your child can do.  If there is, then only those who are after 12th are doing career consultation for the children. My tax team has set it. It is okay for those who try in such things where there is not much competition, then you can join the court team. Practical on children because our practical advice is that there is no one who can reduce water expenditure to zero. I have to say that this is very very important, so please do not put pressure on your children.  Like your DNA is your wife's DNA, your intelligence is there, they can be the best of both of you, they can be a mix of both of you, so we don't know how they are related, but they will always be your window, they cannot be above this. And you cannot go lower than this, you are right in the middle of this and you are the owner of the production factory, your product brother, it was your matter with which you are related, which is bigger than your matter. When you see your children be very happy, friend.  Brother-in-law de best of astutely start thinking date bill de bill vikam de best of you now what do you want that means verma ji sharma ji should do it to someone else's child then go and see him if the child says papa he is like this his father  Look at him, he has so many fathers, you are my father, there are not so many of his fathers, see how much he talks and how much he supports, how much he adds, child, one day you will speak, you will not understand where to go at the same time, note in you.  No what is it right on you, you are a person, no what is it right, so date you can guide me, talk about it, look, even we don't know, even this one doesn't know, let's discuss what is happening in the market because what is happening in the market What is the trade of jobs? What is the trade of earning money? What is the future? Will this be good? Brother, this one will be good. Some will not be good. 10 things will have to be done. Some are a little good, some are less good, some are very less good, some are a little more good.  And that saree will have to be worn and the one who is doing a little well today will do better tomorrow, the one who is doing well today will not do well tomorrow, so what is the good in doing this, don't spoil my mind. Have some multiple skill set.  Be open to possibilities. You will have to do multiple things and remove one thing from your mind. Together, the experience will be set. Children will no longer be set by anyone. Just like you were set, this flexibility will remain like this. You will not be set now.  It will always be like this that some work is done, nothing is of use, it is a situation that children are getting used to it and according to this, they set themselves bigger and bigger, the rest of the mandan things are six hours, 8 hours, 10 hours mill.  There are many children of the lower class who are willing to do the pissing, they are ready to do less on Adi Tankha than your child because the Adi Tankha that you have on your child is also a big thing for them, so if you give it to them.  If you compete at the level then you will always be a user because yesterday an employer like me was sitting on the interview panel. Both children are similar and one child is ready to reduce his salary to Rs 25000. So why am I 40 less? It is Monday only.  It is not great, we will keep the one with 25, if you tighten it too much with the one with 25, then he will not even cry because he is different then how is he coming, he is the one with the hardships.  Those who are children in Chhui, the bed seat is not changed since the day of middle class, nothing is less, they are not selected at all, I am telling myself, I mean, I am not making a big deal about myself, but I am.  By the way, I am telling you that friend, this is Chui, it is tightened a little, this is what is happening to the middle class children, do a little less or more for two-four hours, if a little round is broken then do only a little, they collapse because brother Chui.  the one  Why are you coming to this job and there is much more for you, date him, message me today, I hope you have found some people, please like, share, thank you, identify with Vativer Toll, thank you, very match.