Tandav Hey friend, answer question, village, I am going to our topic, basic concept of problem, engineer couple, typing millionaire, this is going to be very important, you listen to it carefully, I will try to do some calculations by sharing the screen and in this, what I told you earlier.  The two which were taught and which were cleared are correct, these will be of some use in this, it is okay for you to see them, I will share the screen and tell you some calculations, Dollar Millionaire, its 10 million.  Sorry, if 1 million dollars is 1 million, then you will have 1 million. So you will not cry in the parlor. No, your networks will be this much. Okay, I don't network. You can calculate all your properties - liabilities - immovable liquid assets. Plants say that  Do n't exclude your house in this. I am asking you to comment on your house too, but I will tell about it in a separate calculation when I will tell in the network how it should be done, okay.  And for that, how foolhardy you are, buying your very expensive house should be the first target in your life. You Vikram were not near in dollars. Now many of you have been told that you have to participate with me who is in government service. Now in the webinar. Let's add, write down those who are in corporate service. It's okay because I have to convince everyone, so I should know who is willing to do a job inside the corporate, etc.  If you are doing business, write that also, it is just self-imposed, write that, everyone should participate, sir, orders will be given and DSP's Edwards got delayed and completed, BJP also very few decades, that subject is just self-imposed, these days, self-imposed is also less, maximum speed. These measures are district Bibi hai GBR of self-pride bhi toh bhi have everything to behave  Everything Notice Be Coming Almost Bakhtawar Ok Everyone Mein That Post Also Please Send To Admit This To Send To Difficult Dates Admin You Can Be Called Development And Is Because You Are Not Able To Understand Outside Is Ok So Sent To Everyone Jha Is Written Send to admin post by writing 'St to host' I can't see, okay then I will take some of it, it's saved. Please write quickly, I am in a corporate job. In government job, there is 'G' and in 'self-employed' there is 'S' and 'edited' because which of these is the best and for this the most difficult page is found by everyone because I because this should be your purse target below Rs 1.4 crore from you at 7.30 which today  If we take it with calculations then I will do the calculations, at that time I don't see anything, what questions are you asking about that calculator, after that you ask questions and I will tell you  Today I am going to do battery discovery and copy to be taken Lexi come also quarter is ok and tried to share screen and show them a new ok ok to Ajay ki shravan ki x x Jhal Jas Main India Mein Seven Needy People Pal Melt People Art and Mini Bus Ok That I Think You Not Able To See Can See Ko Once Ek Hum Technical Age A Is One Of The Loot Sari Now You Will See  Seventh Maths People in India are from Aadya Miniatures i.e. it is more than seven crore rupees. Where is my favorite number? Okay, so this white income is made up of Byte which belongs to Tata Government. Okay, if you understood then the rest you can't expect and there will be more now.  What we have is that we are telling that there are seven lakh people with ₹ 70, so the total population of our 7 lakh is 140 crores, if it is fine then it is like suspend, it is fine.  If you calculate this, then which zero point becomes 105 percent. Okay brothers and sisters, our five percent people are these people who are dollar millionaires in India. So the victim asked, what is the meaning of percentage brother? Rumor Android * 1001 will go to five people selected to find the percentage 10  OK, one man in a thousand people is an engineer in a dollar in India, catch 2,000 people, if you catch 2000 Indians, two thousand Indians are spoiled.  Catch it, how many are there, please remember this, note down this figure, it cannot be done, this is a man from 2000 Indian Space, OK, this is the quality, back address, I am telling you that data, you listen carefully, now whatever you want to become in life, that is it.  You will become what you don't want to become. How can you become where you want to be? Go to Kanyakumari only then if you don't know what to eat, you will eat it. I am going to tell you the best thing and the puncture is going to be okay.  So one person out of two thousand is becoming a dollar money rate. 10 lakh people appear for IAS exam and 11 lakh apply every year. UPSC data is fine and if 100 become IAS out of 10 lakh then you will divide.  This will figure out that your Warn in is 1002 i.e. 10,000 who want to become an IAS is one and 2000 if we think that every Indian  Population wants to become an engineer in dollars, which does not want. Even among you, you do not want people like seven and a half crore seven crore. You people must be doing it somewhere in your job. Main, you are okay if I assume that the child of India. Child, old and young all come for Rs 2000 so if they want Rs 2000 then only one out of 10 thousand is reaching it, but their parents also want their child to become an IAS so this is reaching 30 thousand people.  Chahat 1 ke chahat 2 is necessary if you want parents to also account for their children and the academics who have opened so many Redmis, so I was not counting those who provide IAS coaching, okay and one hundred and fifty.  This figure is around 760 to 750 in a year in UP 80, okay and there are so many IAS Academy skips in it which make them batters, at least 20 to 25 thousand 30.  Out of 25 thousand teachers, if even 5 are included then I question, art teachers are giving money to IS, it is okay that your riders are robbers, 65 teachers are being given money, then look at the dam point to file of IS, teachers, the provision is coaching.  Come in your hair, tell me brothers and sisters, who are these top teachers? Is this teacher earning more money to become an IAS or IS, if you feel like it?  Your basic salary is 5601 rupees, your given is 28 cents which will be around sixteen thousand, you will not get it because you will get government house, there are allowances and alarms, that too will not be available because you will get car etc. Okay, we will talk about salary only then.  Only only only only only only 500, 600, 800 will come out okay, it can be seven or six, but think of the year, your nine lakh is from eight lakh, this is the one behind which.  The world is mad, okay the world is mad, will I ever make a separate video in the room or not, should I be mad, people will say, brother, this is power, this is power, in which it is to earn money, so ultimately this is for whom else, even glass monkeys are better off serving the country.  You have to read that the sweeper is doing foreign service, eclipse is foreign service, Kabir is giving birth to two children, the hills are being written to them, she is also being made a citizen, she should serve the world by doing service, those are the words to fool, if you would have understood this.  You get time, it is near, it is closed, the problem is that if you want to become an engineer, then my target is for you, you all will be different types of people, he is such a new job seeker, no one has got a job, someone has been doing the job for many days, you  There are different types of people, so let me show you what I want you to become, this is my journey, there are three stages in it, first stage, second stage, first target, all the people you are, should be here, if possible, a network of seven crores.  I am sitting on one, he is sitting on two-three, some are sitting on 4 and maybe among you there is no clear discussion on it on the professional side and maybe the one who is starting in question on that day is that whoever is at the speed of seven hairs. If he has to achieve seven crores, then okay, this is the first target of his journey and this is for the child who is currently at zero, who is above zero, he can reach it quickly, so if you are already on this, then pop this.  If you have done so then the next step for you is to double it to 14 crores in the next year and double it to 28 crores in the next year. So here we will discuss depending on the journey from hot S0 to ok ok, make the journey from zero to 28 crores.  If you are here then you can make yourself fit anywhere, especially last week, it is okay, now I can laptop it, how much do you guys know that I can reach 50 lakhs in just a few minutes?  So I have reached 30 immediately, I can tell you how you can reach it quickly, if you are already at that age then yes, then you have to follow this for your children, you have to teach this thing to your children, okay then this is for you in the network.  Now calculate and tell you that contact is ok. Now you have to understand that if I want to earn seven crores in a year then I want to earn one crore in a year then in about a month I have to earn Amla.  You should work only 20 days in a month. Okay, you are in the job here, have a nice piece pin work i.e. actual work, earthquake is killing, drinking tea and traveling, all that time list is 10 days, you got arrested, have to hydrate, ID.  At this very important thing that I like to tell later is that if I am working 20 days only and I have to earn Amla in a month then I have to earn Rs.  If you want to earn 40 thousand rupees, then you will have to take a risk. Now people must be very scared that what should I tell them, how will I earn, what will I do, this will help you understand the concept deeply, I am telling you the run rate if you want to win the match in cricket. Bauji, as much of my life as I am with my brother, Kareena is with me in my off hours. I have taught people and got them to do it. Okay, so if I want to earn Rs 40,000 a day and I am into art.  I will work only for an hour, one day back then I have to earn Rs. 40 per hour, that is, in 1 hour, brothers and sisters, how much do I want to earn, ₹ 5000, that is, if I do anything for 1 hour and I am earning 5000 rupees, then I am on my track.  Ok front which is called that to win the match it is easy if we move with four currents then later on we will study by hitting fours and sixes otherwise I will lose the match so what will happen from this? What will be the most important thing in your life that you have learned my calculations, seen and understood how to do the leaves, we will discuss it, Ravindra, it is 2 hours now, I can't tell for one more minute, I will tell you depending and if you understand, then you will have realization. Listen carefully that if I have to do a worksheet worth ₹ 5000 in 1 hour, then you will stop wasting time in life, okay, Netflix and web series are over, okay, end of arguments, point of discussion.  Modi ji is good, Rahul ji is good, Congress is good, Hindus are good, Muslims are children, this circular is coming to an end because you will not do any work which is taking you away from it and use that time, first of all you should  This is to be saved because this is the only time I will get, if the consultant asks for the part, then it is the function of time winner. Right now, I am just doing the mathematics of dealer near. Okay, so what I don't have to do is these things, that is soft, and if my if  to me  If you are getting Rs 5,000 for 1 hour, then which person can get such a job at a dentist's root canal treatment raid? Can he do this much work for half an hour or will you keep it in your mind every day? You will not get it. It is okay if you forget any work in which you have to do it.  You are getting five hours and repeating that work eight times is not physically possible and it is not possible to get so much business. Initially, it is okay, it is also very big and you are in a government job, so that is why.  That you have a factory salary, do it as per your choice, it is okay, then I will beat those people too and will update the bread too, but now I am not telling you that chatting in this is cheating in the sense, that what should you do, with this you will earn these seven crores. Run towards the early marriage of your child or you too, people spend 30 to 40 lakhs. It's okay, only then we will discuss, what kind of people do you spend so much and 30 to 40 is it a boy or a girl, are these both?  If there is a couple, then first couple can become millionaire. First of all, are such couples different from husband and wife? No, it is not different. First, we have to pay couple millionaire. It is more, if I am a boy and I spent 25 lakhs on marriage, the expenditure on marriage was less and if I am a girl, then  They are not net safe and claim that if they like it, then can this sixty light be saved and given to Kapil? Think about the society, you should inform your parents, boys and girls are sitting here for information, because what is the target?  The target is 7th CR. If I save it directly, can it be 1.2 in this year? If it becomes 1.2, then just by saving this thing, I have to play only 5.8. If I play 5.8, then he will see that ₹ 5000 which is  You have to match the target powder of earning an hour, how much work has been done, I am giving you ideas teacher and will solve them further also, you do not understand a simple thing that  How can we do this? If we are not thinking about it every second, then we are wasting our lives. Argument for this, add this target of 5,000 hours, your mythological story is very difficult for you people.  It seemed that how simple I have made it, by telling only one healthy thing, I have reduced the rate by telling only one thing for marriage, second thing, if the rate is ₹ 5000, it is my hour and my wife.  Ayya ​​is also doing a job, 500 rupees would be enough for both of them, CBI has gone to my eyes, that's why I am lagging behind all this in the world, to get the work done in India, I have done whatever I wanted to do while I was alive. What has happened by reducing the rates of marriage? We will do our calculations. We will also see the records that we are looking at. Now after that, your point is that we spend 25 to 30 lakhs on higher education. 25 to 30 lakhs.  We spend lakhs instead of many, are we getting so many jobs, it should be spent on this, many people will say that brother, if we spend 30 likes, we will get something somewhere, I am saying that I am going to tell you in this job also that when you spend dollars  You go to the minute, after that you start working on the top, you know the big setting type of cost, people want, the biggest thing of this is alcohol, what is the biggest thing, will you tell this to anyone, parents will take them to their successful children, their parents are beautiful.  picture to  That person will kill you while sitting, I don't know whose spoon it is and you have wasted money and time on your face, I am going to tell you the most important thing very quickly, you all listen carefully, he is our biggest enemy, should I write or is he the enemy?  To achieve this target in our life, after which life automatically becomes jingalala, I will tell further who is the biggest enemy of the society, of our parents and of ours, write down this desire to become something, the desire to become, the desire is right, this is the biggest enemy and the second one.  To illuminate the name, to illuminate the silence. What is the name of the President's father? If half of the people of India do not know the name of the President, then the name would have been illuminated. If the index finger is made, it is a very big thing. I do not know the name of the President of the country, certainly not that of the father.  If you do n't know, then it is a deity concept to illuminate someone's name, it is okay till someone's name is illuminated, from the past, the specific Prime Minister is not known, people do not know the President, no one knows the Cabinet Secretary, all this. Do you want to become an IAS? It is up to the minute to ask. Tell me the name of any remedy in India. You have not seen any remedy till date. Tell me till date. No one knows and this is the type of post. This is its and IS Puran.  Everyone should know where they want to go. We have to go today, so now I will tell you a little more about what is the basic rate for this, how much you have to do in dollars to become an engineer. First of all, like I said, waste time.  closed because i saw your  The target is 2.5 K absconding husband and wife, so what else is there to do, you have to select yourself from those people who are pursuing this, like me, I have already launched one or two products and got them done, so  By coming and saying number one, I am showing it to the world. Okay, so we have to fold it with those people who can give this consultation and those who understand it, we have to remove the rest of the people. Our dreams are actually our biggest ones. Enemies emerge from our growth, opposition, those who say no, neighbors will not speak on your side, this is the death of a time millionaire and this is what a dollar I am doing, this is what our parents are doing, our wife is this, this is what any of our brothers and sisters are, this is what will stop us.  By going on this, if we teach them this, then they will also join in. If I tell you a concept, which I told you, it is time, this is also a consultation of Dollar Millionaire, you people have to become close to active in dollars.  So in that I will tell you that the most important awards creation on the screen is not important that I buy again and again and if everything is fine then I suggest that in this we will have to use leveraging which many of you are using.  Okay and on that also Hammalon, I will tell you something. You bought a property in the 28th plan of 1.3 CR. Okay, you just paid 20 cents. Okay, only okay and  After this property is built, in 5 to 6 years, what do people do with their time that sometimes it will be worth 1.4, in between it will be worth 1.5, so after coming out, you have earned 20 lakhs as your profit, you have to see the trajectory of this property, will it last for me in a year?  It is giving 7 to 8 percent return when it is falling and my money is invested towards 20, then 7 to 8 my money is increasing above 20 and I will not be in the middle. After selection, this property  It is growing at 4 to 5 percent and 500 is growing at 4 to 5 percent at that time, the entry is one and a half hour at my today's cost, you have to understand it, I will give you a free example in Santosh Problem Mixi, then you will understand that pension from note.  What they do is that the property gives the percentage, they do it and if they talk about the calculation for winning on today's website, then this is the verification of Sadhu Mahatma Buddha and all these people. Mutual funds are important but properties are important but the most important thing is math and understanding. You understand what I am saying. Some brother bought a DDA flat of ₹ 3 in 1995 and the rent for it was Rs 3000. Okay, so its cost for so many years.  Earlier, 3.6 Sahil Khatri Lakh is being given to you, so how much are the returns. Now you are happy with the return and this mental stress will be clear to you as its value will increase.  1.6 was defeated and then it will fall to 1.3 CR. Now I tell the man not to buy the black and yellow taxi book pav, but which brother, how to create a 35 year old belt in Germany? Look, please explain that thing to me. Bluetooth, the man who today bought it 3.6.  Don't worry about 1.3 CR, he will tell you the details of 2.7 cents and say that this is useless but this will be the service percentage of this mike fort, won't it?  Life Milk is an extreme example. If this interest is said to be of 35 years, then the switch is switched off there because everyone has to become so much, it has to be made in 2 years, I am saying this year, okay, I am speaking simultaneously, so now if you are a government employee.  I am a servant, I do a job, keep doing my job, give a job to my wife, and now I will record these 15 ideas and give them to those people who are watching the recorded version, I am sure that they will not join my belt.  Now I will give you people they can stop the recording ok ok ji now you can comment as much as you want