Hello friends, after watching this video, you will get some curiosity about the topic. The topic is very interesting, it will be a lot of fun, it will be reflected in the original topic, okay, there will be talk of real estate also, there will be talk of investment in it and how to follow whom. Recently you must have seen one thing that all the people on financial YouTube are now coming towards real estate, this is a very good thing, okay, I was telling them for 2 years, now which song do you know? Again in real estate, I am talking about very good cricket. If you want to enjoy cricket, if you want to enjoy cricket, then please listen to them and enjoy a lot. There is no shortage. Similarly, many commentators have come in this also in real estate as well as in investment.  But if you want to learn cricket, if you want to learn cricket, then Rahul Dravid ji will teach you, no one will teach you better than him, I am in Rahul Dravid of real estate, if you want to learn, then if you want to enjoy, the commentary is sunny, I have heard the commentary, yes, it will be done here, take it there.  Take it okay, the focus is there because people will stay there, then like it, Harsha Bhogle, listen to the commentary, enjoy, there will be commentary on commentary, every match will come, statistics will come, it will be shown like this, so many matches, so many runs, everything will be played and again and again-  Sometimes the teacher will also come but brother, if you want to learn then only Rahul Dravid ji will have the knowledge, so this thing is playing out, you are in all the things of life, so if you ever want to learn a song.  If you want to learn any skill in life, then you have to learn it from someone who brings a 360 degree perspective to the thing and understands it well and the master ji tells him about the thing and says that there is no one better than me, so you have to connect with him.  And if you join, you will understand. Those who are passionate about real estate, want to learn very well, want to know real estate education, my course type of platinum membership is childhood, there are videos of real estate that you can take.  Platinum Membership And now you will say, friend, you are marketing your app, so I am not selling any app, I am selling mine, I am marketing mine, so I am not doing anything for anyone else, I am telling about myself and not about anyone. Banna Maa Lo, for some reason, still, you can join my Real Estate Info Group, which is given in the comment section, you can join it, real estate education of real estate is also given there, it is not simple for  For example, if you have seen in those videos or the way people talk about real estate, it is said that there is no liquidity in real estate, what are you talking about, how can you send Rs 2 crore, you cannot sell Rs 2 crore but 15  I can sell it for Rs 20 lakhs. It costs Rs 15-20 lakhs. If I need Rs 15 lakhs then how will you sell it? Will you sell one room of a flat worth Rs 3 crores? Is real estate not liquid? Is it the Panchgaaz of the plot? What is there, brother, I don't know, you have a lot of liquidity, the second thing is that there is a lot of liquidity in mutual funds and the market has gone down by 30%, my new one has gone down by 20%, now I can say that I can get liquidity.  Hey, at low rates, there is liquidity anywhere, buying a property worth Rs. 20 crores for Rs. 5 crores because the valuation is there, if you want to sell it for Rs. 200, then you can also buy it in the stock market.  There is no liquidity here, there is no stock market in real estate, you heard the rate of 160 rupees and saw the price of a stock, now today its price is 100, so your mind does not think like this, I am thinking of 160, take it at 160, take it at 160, take it at 160.  So you will sell the stock at the shop with zero liquidity, it will be sold at fat price, it is real estate, real estate is also the value and sometimes some liquid.  There are stocks which are big stocks, if you look like MRF or Page Industry, these are not liquid, meaning those whose size is big, not called magical but small companies where the price point is very high, then if you invest less in your company, then  It gets sold quickly, this is also a fact, so this is real estate, when we compare both the things, because the best way in which I cover and compare equity and real estate, I don't think that my videos got delayed on YouTube.  This is a big oversimplification. Yes, it is a big oversimplification. The children of class 10th and 12th are 24 years old. They are all roaming around on YouTube, so brothers, they subscribe to them. They do n't know why hamsters don't get numbers. Youngsters have it, so whatever age they are.  If you are an elder then your children also want to learn, so please request them to subscribe too. I am fine, so this is my request, not over simplification. Real estate is a very big thing, if you want to understand it properly then you will need matter, Master Ji, Guru Ji, you will need it completely, otherwise everyone will come and simplify so much that your property is not very liquid, then in 10 days a week.  That too will be available, there is no such thing and there are properties worth Rs 15 lakh, 20 lakh, 25 lakh also. In the coming days, I am going to cover them in real time. Real time is not just like that, anyone see, do it according to the theory.  There is no benefit in this, it is necessary to do practical also, so according to practical, I will definitely do it. Now I will tell you the secret which I wanted to tell. I am spreading the topics of the channel in such a way that the one who is my audience, who knows my content, will come in and out more.  Because my algorithm is mine and YouTube doesn't understand me because they do n't come in my search results. I am not even searching my topic. I am searching this Rahul Dravid and Harsha Bhogle, you go and see all my.  Topics I also understand that many people have guided me, sir, but then I will become like that country, you know what kind of system it is because it comes in the search results, when you open it, the fish is tight.  I want the thumbnails of my videos or the topics to be a place of curiosity and to quench the curiosity. Another big thing of mine is that people complain that if you put your content in Hindi then those who only know Hindi. He is so big, our population is so big, he is not taking advantage of you, either you speak in English, either your audience is English, it is all Hi-Fi type, it is okay or even if you do it in Hindi, then I am the second one.  I understand the secret and also know Hindi, due to which I am telling again and again that my audience is middle class, if people from very low strata will come then they will not understand my point, it is not applicable for them. You have to define your audience journal.  Every actor will have to have one, like all the initials of Shahrukh Khan's movie were hit by many NRI people, that Banati Bharti was a core audience, then from the core audience the rest of the ordinance gets added but there is a core audience, so now I am introducing myself to the audience.  I understand very well that my core audience is thinking individuals who want clarity in life and who want to connect the dots and who want a little second, third and fourth order. Those who are ready to think are simplistic, those who do not have the patience of three minutes to punch, those who cannot watch videos of 10 to 15 minutes, cannot understand things in totality, not for them, if they do not do it deliberately, then they are like that.  I add something to the topic in the name and just oversimplify the topic. I say that everything is Lord and sometimes even real estate is liquid. It is just a date in our mind.  The rate has entered and we do not know the real rate. We do not know the remaining alternative choices. In the share market we do not say that my stock had touched high at Rs 210, now it is at Rs 130 and I will not sell. You know Rs 130.  It has the same status as if you press a button and will buy it at Rs. 139, there will be liquidity, so do the same at low related rates, it is fine anytime, but I don't do it.  If you want to sell ₹ 210 stock, then stay in the share market, that too is not liquid, but as simply as I explained it, do you find it relevant or not, tell me, but how is it being shown because there is an advantage of the system.  On that side, all the people earning money in the stock market, all the listings, all are happening, all are investing their capital in real estate, someone has bought a startup, the things are understandable, everyone understands, so you  If people want to understand a thing very well, then this is the method. If you want to understand the syllabus type in it, then you can join the real estate information channel on platinum membership, which is given in the comment section. Thank you.