Hello friends, today's topic is how to be happy, crores of famous videos have been made on this and lakhs of books will be written, so I, who consider myself original, what new thing will I bring which you might want to tell, only then perhaps you thought, why else?  My claim of attainment should be tied to the bed because if after listening to this video of mine, you did not become actually happy and did not go to the path of happiness, then I have not given it to you in your life.  I stole 10-15 minutes from it, which is not my concern at all, my international time is limited, no matter how much money I get, my intention is to add value to you, can I please write below the video, edit value if I have been able to add different.  Perspective is ok, NDA is my own original find practice is made within the quality ok then listen to the house that happy is ok then we know that normal is that in life which  If we get what we want then we have onions, this is my job, my wife, money or some porn, if it is according to me, then we will be happy, okay, this is the definition of people, but I say, this is my definition of endless.  This is that the song of this you are hot miserable in your clothes to be happy happy happy is not an apps loot number, this number is also 182, the temperature is 98.4, it is velvet.  Is there such a quantity that you should also check and subscribe like a quantity like minded butterfly that if there was a movie to watch and a home movie then I was just happy, the food tasted as per my taste, then I got happiness and that is elastic by drinking.  I will put it, then I listened to it in Happy. I drank alcohol with my friends. When I was drinking, I don't drink alcohol. But I am changing the image that it must be like this, it is okay that which  If you are drinking alcohol, then you are enjoying that time of drinking. Gusal, good things are happening, you are eating pakodas, you are on this side, at all these things, Finnish personality, Greed and in the last 10 years, subscribe, definitely subscribe, like and subscribe, which problem I have. Because that girl and boy's son think that marrying her will make her happy, I am so excited that watching this video is very important for happiness, everyone wants it.  You have to stay with the apk till the end, this is a very good video, I am already saying this with confidence that it is very good, you are interested in it, it is okay and you also have to share it with your friends, only then the happiness will increase, do not do this in isolation.  You can never be happy You can't be cured by this miserable And I was happier than normal In hota normal is not normal You can win in one state Okay but you have  Tailgating to your near and dear one's tips to avoid you father, mother, wife and children, there must be six people and brothers and sisters and their children have been seen, okay, their children are Dasha's family, wear a swimsuit, [ __ ] 12 wife's sisters.  15th is ok so go to 15 16 in this there are some far away and some close. Okay so now if we all know that we do not get happiness from each other. And I don't have to hang on to each other, I can get happiness from others, if I want sugar candy in life, then I ca n't improve from my wife, I can get it from my brother, I can get it from mom and dad, I can get any amount, no matter how much I give.  You can find happiness there, but you will not find happiness. Let me find my own happiness. Let everyone find their own. This is the biggest lesson for everyone because man is looking for happiness outside that if my son or daughter will listen to me, he will not ask like this, then I am happy. I have become something  If I go then happiness should be time conditioner, first of all happiness history, you too episode, then I will understand how to know practically, what we want in life, we do n't know what will make us happy in active life, we don't even know and the thing which will do something for us today.  I will not do it tomorrow and the meaning of that happiness will also change but what we know is that I want to tell you that what we do not like, we know very well that it is very good to scold someone.  No one likes to eat garlic  Someone doesn't like to work from morning to evening as declared. Someone doesn't like to live in the absence of money. You have to write what I am telling you, write what you don't like because when you know yourself more and more.  The questions which I am not speaking and you will make notes only then you will get happiness, then write what makes you tired. 24 things, write what makes you tired. The work which you like very much, does not make you type very fast. The work which you find boring or which does not yield any results, the work which has to be done forcefully or under compulsion, you have to decide that I cannot remain mine, it cannot be a driver for you, something is mine, as if Nowadays, I see many girls of 18 to 27 years of age who are being used as drivers at home. Come on, son, a relative has taken four of them to learn to drive. Now that child does not have a job, he should prepare.  now he is his  The utility will tell that now the parents cannot say that when they give him food and drink, then they do something and sometimes he has to do it like this. When he has to leave mom and dad and bring the aunt, then the uncle has to do it.  You have to leave this mask, leave it, then write this, will you ever find happiness and tell this, whatever I am telling you, make a list and share it with all the husbands, for your lower wives, for yourself, for your children, for yourself and for each other.  In If you change the notes then don't see her vision in it otherwise if she is like that then first of all you should know what is the thing that tightens you, what is the thing that sends you, you write down what are the things of your date so that whenever you know  You will read all these patterns and understand them, only then you will get happiness in life. Hey, you are not forced. What do you know? Good night. You are good at cooking, you are good at driving, you are good at yoga, you are good at talking, you are good at share market, you are good at helping people.  You are good at giving knowledge to people. You are good at doing something physically. Or you are better at doing something mentally. Orientation should be known to you, write this because then water will come next. Write what are you want. Good night will not be achieved by me alone.  I don't want to do this, I get tears of blood while doing this, so this is the thing, something happens to everyone, 3434 Look, write it very well, what I am excited about is whether there is something in which  Website morale increases: A movie comes out on Friday or Tom Cruise's movie comes out, Shahrukh Khan's movie comes out, Ranveer Singh's comes out, there must be something exciting or meeting a friend or some environment, there is something that makes you feel excited, which you always like me.  For Anjeer ki Barfi, Ajeer ki Kulfi ice cream, that Bigg Boss has stayed in Gujarat for allotment of a friend, Puran ji, it is fine in advance, in many videos.  If you see pimples then it's okay for me whenever fig barfi comes and fig kulfi we are excited in the evening okay it will give me drink spoilage many things happen like this, they last for many years it always happens like this so many times many people like a when  This is known about you, you also know this and any of your relatives also know this, you will feel less tension, what will friends do, kept modern, everyone knows this and that.  If there is a cost, they will get marchar, if there is barfi and summer, then take it brother, eat it, if you people are clicking, then it happens, big will, you write all these things, discuss them in your purse, you should know, beam and alive, then that happiness  That happiness originated from within my own body and that it is never ever lasting. There is always work to be done in relationships. Delay in life is never a test of this darkness. Fluctuation is when you should be as happy as you can be.  You will be so sad also, remember that you should be as happy as you can be, then you will go to an ultimate and then you will see that if happiness is not much then this one cup level, we will choose this one, Jain like that some things will be good, some will not be very happy and some will be bad.  If it happens then you are not hungry then it starts appearing on your face, calmness and calmness appear on your face, that calmness and calmness are the ultimatum, that is my state on happiness, from this very-very leadership unit.  Is doing research on services on paper but is different from drinking Mostly your 222 Airplane Investment Where you like what you like then you list what are you good Night view of doing Most needed to what you are not good that you are not doing  But What Makes You Tired And Side You Avoid All But What Makes You Excited You Are Going To Asset So When All These Things Are There You Are Well Once you write, you will start getting clarity in life as to which direction you should go in general and here because if you don't like her job, this job is government sector and this boss is toxic and this convent school, you can never be happy, after all you are a wife.  Your Aarti should be performed, parents should say Namaste to you, your child is a topper student, if something happens, you can always be happy. Research, it is not possible that even the pain in the leg is terrible and  You are not addressing it and you can be happy. If you have a toothache, any kind of pain in your life, happiness is a compromise. Try to address it as much as is possible. Now research is something which comes chronic day.  YouTube twitter The Channel That yes, it is not for the soul to drink the body, the soul can still be happy, so when you go to the level of the body, which is called a picture, then when you go to those levels, you will see this.  Despite the pain of physical things, it should be like happiness, but it will become a little deeply complicated. I will not go in that direction in my mind and - that will test my mind. But today I wanted to introduce in a very simple way how to be happy.  The first thing for me is not to depend on anyone because as much as I am dependent on people for drinking, I have to drink myself. Brother, from where will I appeal to you, so you have to be happy yourself. First of all, it is raining. If you want to make pakodas, then make them now.  Will your wife not come and cook but is your wife in a mood or not? If he tells you that you have put your happiness on the condition that your wife will make pakodas while standing till she comes from the office, she is worried that she is busy with something else in the country of the child.  I will be happy because pakodas will come in my wounds, then I will be happy, then I will not get happiness like this, I will get happiness because it is raining, the weather is good, I am happy in the absence, I am happy, so I want something good.  The food should be programmed, arrangements should be made, then when you will have such a feeling and go to your wife and see that there are difficulties in making a pakoda, then take out the oil, take out the pan, you can do this, cut the onion, you can do this with gram flour.  Take out how much water is there in it. * That is the technical quality part, your wife will do it, so tell brother, I am offering it, darling, I have taken it out, the oil is getting hot, please do it and come when you  They will talk with the feeling that you have done 30% of the work, 70% will be done and the woman will do it but you will become a lot of people and say yes-yes, bring the pakodas Begum, I don't know what kind of care they will get and that is the same thing for women, the man's first husband is tired.  You have been wasting energy in the house for the whole day.  I also saw a butterfly from a friend. You are sitting in the AC. You are feeling fine. You have already prepared some lunch. It is evening time. You are getting bored sitting at home. Your energy levels are high. You feel like eating Golgappa only when your husband comes. Now you think that brother, if I get Golgappa, I will feel happy and my husband will bring me this happiness that I don't even know how to drive, but I have to do something.  I was at home the whole day, so after having fun in the object, he came to the office in agony, review inside the house, so my happiness depends on inside, the husband is the husband, toe take up, the husband comes and speaks, but he means it, brother, poor man.  It's o'clock in the morning, he is having gas because he had a meeting going on from one to three o'clock, the food you packed in the morning was cold, he has eaten the food, he is also late, now all give WhatsApp.  Definition of and have a cup of tea and web Relax a little but you are like this Let's go to eat at home tomorrow This is like this These are not imaginary examples This is a real example of marital counseling young couples Well, there are a lot of audience among them who have come up with this thing and how I taught them towards the handle that brother will feed you Golgappa to Surili Aayega bhai aaj din jaayenge  Avoid eating and don't depend on your husband. I am feeling like eating someone. I feel like eating on the World Cup. I have to take out my happiness. That sweet fruit and sour water of that sweet and sour brother. And tell your husband to cancel the tea.  Eat these golgappas, I will call you darling and settle the account. She is also looking for someone like her. Yes, Modi ji, in the heart of Haryanvi, he says 'ji', it has different meaning in different places. Drop by drop, at any time, for your happiness, you have to rely on someone else, it means that you yourself have to depend on someone else, it is okay, just like the boys will drown on someone else, or you will also drown, what has happened that he is not mine, friends, that he is mine.  It will always come to you everywhere and in it you have taken the contract of your happiness. You yourself have to take the contract of your happiness. Remember this thing and I will tell you through examples in small happiness, but the person who is happy himself is the one. Na Thee Four does ready-made energy, then after coming under its umbrella, people start meeting them in the same way and they do not need to do anything. In fact, this happens. I know one such person in my life, who is myself.  And if you become like this, then I will tell you its benefits. If you become such a person, then you will be very happy and those who come in your presence get happiness, now you are happy, you do not need anything, they get happiness in your press.  so now for  You can tell them that if he comes, he will be happy, so if I want to stay here, then I will get some chords, if you want fig barfi, he will bring Guru ji's, what else do you want, tell me, how big and deep it is, but in the end  I told you that if you are happy, you will get half of what you want, because you will become like a mirror, if people say that I will get something, then I will be happy, I am saying that you should be happy, you will get everything, you will get everything, try it and see.  everything means everything  World universe and I will not do that big thing, all the people around you will start giving it to you, first you tell them the list, your likings should be clear that if you want to bring fruits, then I like this one, Barfi, I like this one, I don't like this in cold.  The crop is fine in that, in such a situation, the crush is open very simple, children like you have to be made happy, very clear in their requirement, they need such a complete Chanakya factory, there is some sorrow, some but cannot tell, to understand the next, there are many allegations.  It is clear that if I give it to the tumor, I will get it, then I will stop crying that now as it grows, pollution is created in it, so that is my requirement. Actually, I am unhappy in life because of this reason.  He has come out for some other reason and Tej, who is unhappy at home, is unhappy due to this feeling of worthlessness because brother does not do anything at home except worrying about the housewife and giving birth to children, don't say this.  And housewife software mothers too, you don't know this, everyone knows this in the middle class, take more digits, it is useful, it is 24*768, do it in a week, how much work do you do, 80 hours of it is to worry about the family report, work is worthlessness.  There is no reason to be happy because there is a stage when children grow up and you have to grow up with that suit, party, bathing, eating, drinking, drinking, homework and all this. That's why the children have grown up now, whose tail will you hold on to, I get the work done, this is that I stand up and the supervisors, this woman is looking for her own happiness, in fact, there is only one cure for married life, to get well, or to get a job, when  If a woman does this then she will buy her own happiness and whatever money she gets, she will not think that this entitlement or this leaf will make you happy or mine, so this means that here I am never demeaning the wives and I am demeaning the man.  I am not doing this to the children, do it to the elders, then it is not like this, everyone does not say anything against me, I have to like everyone, you have to see that happiness will come by itself and when happiness comes, everything will start coming automatically, become so happy.  That whatever happens, it is good, I am very happy, Mukherjee Dali, she will go to watch a movie, she did not want me to go, okay, A, she will go to Chinese food, let's eat under charges, okay, she will do this, she will do that, she is so judgmental that the next person will enter without any time. buddy, let's take curry  How many because now you have not seen the movie put in your own condition, no problem, eat food, do not eat outside food, do not eat outside the house, do good to the members of the house, you are a human being, such a person will be infectious, it is effective and not in this.  If I am, then stay with such people, these are such people, become yourself, if you become God, then you will just be a magnet to you and people will seek death, that I am very happy, there was nothing in speaking, feeling was also a thing.  It is very good, how is it a happiness, okay yes yes, I was happy, it should be visible, so it is very very very very simple, so that Happy Birthday Notizi, you can just be happy, tell your mind and happy moment, you are very happy.  Big please write below this very very grateful for your feedback and please share this video and subscribe easy simple simple simple little okay  Thank you