Hello friends, today's topic is very interesting, you can buy jobs for your kids, how can you buy jobs for your children, there is no clip weight, listen completely, understand, this is a very appropriate video according to today's market conditions and your  Share in the circle also and the children can also tell their parents that brother, please buy a job for me, the method is very simple, these days it has become more difficult to find a job than to find one at home.  Look in Bengaluru, there are crackers going off. Where are the rents going? In Gurgaon, rents are going up. Rents are going up everywhere. What is the result of the salary? Do nothing with the cost of living.  Off D city, it is running according to an independent economic condition and the program here is different, due to which there is a huge advantage for the children of those parents who are parents in  If you are living in a lion's share and give the owner real estate to the child and if you don't want to do your own work, then that child can easily earn Rs 50 thousand in a job because he has all the savings and in the beginning the child has to earn some money in his job.  Savings should be seen, if he is working for 50 rupees and after earning 50 rupees he has to take 5000 rupees from home, then either he will give some of the money to his parents or someone in the society will give it to himself or he will realize that by doing this job.  I am taking, that is, to do a job, I have to take Rs 5000 from home. It is better than this to go and sit at home, which is the condition of many people. Well, the biggest problem is that if you ever get a job of Rs 40-50000 in the beginning, you will never get it.  If you don't start it, when you get it in the market, it will never be worth Rs 80,000 or Rs 2 lakh because it is not going to be worth Rs 2,5,3,000 in the beginning, bearing point zero.  Five percent point zero zero one percent which is the Janata Party of IITM, normal people, normal graduation, normal degree, normal jobs, the rate of big lions, there will be some variation in this 35 40 big city, small city, but this is 30 35 40 45 50 55, hit this limit. This is so if you buy a house for your child if you do not want him to live in the city and the little lions  Like in the small lions of Haryana or the story is also in the small lions, now no one here is telling you to buy the most expensive thing from the most expensive power society, whatever is according to your budget and status, for your child.  From or whatever you feel comfortable with, you should take it. There are top seven in the market and I am also doing this. The real baking off with the message that I have brought are those assets which are Rs 50 lakh, 55 lakh, 60 lakh.  65 lakhs  There will still be a place to park within 70 lakh metro shares, but it will not be available within two-three years, something below the budget, still you will get some small amount according to the carpet area, so please do it, many parents will say no, if we spend so much. If we do this, then how will we take care of our old age? Our solution is very simple. The rent that will be left for your child, which he had to pay anyway, he can pay for Imai's lessons. His share of the income tax benefit is his. The expenses you have spent on his marriage. Tell me, son, whether it is a girl or a boy, go back to them and tell them what they are doing, and in the beginning, keep the ownership in the name of your mother, that is, your wife and the child.  There is a son and a daughter in his name and you can issue a condition letter on his transfer. You have to give a stepping stone. I am not asking you to give a gift of Rs 50-60-70 lakhs, it is already a gift, not a gift.  The child will also contribute in it, his rent is also back, I will also give him the income tax benefit, maybe your wife may get the rent, maybe she may go to the story in between and then she should come to the city, whatever.  There is a promotion combination but if you do not do this, then the child cannot do it, that is why the topic is, you are bye, when you give your child a house, he or she will stay there and then he or she will get married.  He has to live in order to have a house. Having a house is a big constant in the equation of life and science youngsters cannot buy on their own. I had made an earlier video which was very popular and had explained that bill not be able to.  They can't afford a house, they ca n't afford it without the support of doctor payment, they ca n't take the support of second third payment, they can put some of their savings but ca n't take it without parents and those parents have now started taking it.  Did Google, I request the parents, I am seeing a mess in Haryana, many people of Haryana are buying commercial in Gurgaon. You are a resident of Kaithal, you are a resident of Jind, I do n't know which small town you are a resident of, are engaged in commercial here.  There is a living thing for your child, there is a lot of money in the commercial, here the pay is over supplied, there is an uncertain market, nothing is known but the parents have the money to make that investment.  By putting your money in mutual funds for investment, you are getting the security of your old age and the security of your old age, that house has given a lot of headache to your life, whose children have settled in India and who have not settled, I am very upset.  There is more difference in the words of difference, we will remain hanging, because what is the matter, Americans, we will be with the mind set that that picture of ours at 18 will be kicked out of me, they don't know us in old age.  Old, go ahead and look at your setting, do you want to do something, it is not like this, my heart is beating, there is relief, it is beating, there is relief, it will keep beating, it is my own headache, I have given you a headache and it is yours, I am saying again and again, Sir, I am money.  Do n't think so, I am saying that as time comes, his salary is not that much, his salary will increase in two-three-four years, he and I will give it, gradually you can draw from him and maybe when he gets married. you say son you say this  You take the mother's share and the loan will be done like this because 80% of the loan is already available and the loan will be done like this and this is the power given to me like this and now it has become yours and this is what you have done.  What about one child first? Then many people will ask the question, brother, how can we do this? Will we have two children each? This is reduced. Yes, the problem is that as soon as the marriage takes place, the other party should also meet its parents.  If all the parents go a little  Give support to a couple, one of them is a boy, one of them is a girl, there can be any combination, everyone is equal, according to this formula, you give a little support, 15-20% of the girl, you, 15-20% of the boy, you, 15-20% of the girl.  15-20% boy, 15-20% loan or income tax rebate or your rent, together this becomes a thing and stay alone, you have invested 70 lakhs in the girl's marriage.  The benefit of Chaudi is not given to the girl, not to the chaman, not to the son-in-law, nor to the boy, nor to anything. My daughter-in-law has come. 12 15 16 It will be kept in the locker later. Okay, this is our saree, new suit, this food, this function, this Teej, festival, customs, know.  No, both the competitions did not come to their share, then they continued to struggle. At the beginning of the troubles in the marriage, no one got the taste of the money that was spent so much because they  It flew in the air like a firecracker, please do it. It is a matter of lions and in the coming time, all these jobs will be concentrated in the top 10 lions of India. Currently, Gurgaon is also in the join D number ninth list of income tax from where the collection is done. Yours was on top, it was Ahmedabad, then there was Pune, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Pune, Hyderabad, Bengaluru and no, this is Gurgaon, so these are no cities, these are very big cities where your ethnic color community religion.  According to your food, language and tongue, wherever you want, do it in any city of these nine lions. The future is here only and there is no great future. This is also a message from the small lions. If from a small town then the person is going straight to Toronto.  I am not coming here, I am sleeping, then I am going straight there and I explain this in detail also. Real estate workshops I am planning. To understand real estate very well, you can read the information inside the comment area. You will see a group, please join it, it is a group, whenever those workshops are held, you will get the exact notification, so you can also join them, there will be 2 hour workshops on Saturday, you will get the notification.