Hello friends, today I will tell you about the difference, the topic will be thinking, how to avoid and thinking and is there any such thing that instead of thinking, there should be some more thinking and if we have to do that, if we are born in it, then first we  Will understand and thank you all think that negative things. If I say this in simple language, then on more information, someone will say something like this, why think more and why thinking comes, ignore thinking.  This is something which stops us from taking decisions and living life. Gulhad, that brain is going away. Brother, only the beats are going, the brain is going away, so people said that I should do meditation. This is a dot, this is light, concentrate on it and then the brain. Control the hotspot, calm the mind, do all this. These are not practical things. It sounds like this but it does not happen to anyone. Controlling the hotspot is such that you can search for the events happening on Zoom.  Do n't worry, it will be painful, it will cost a lot brother, you cannot control yourself while sitting in your purse, you can control yourself for half an hour. If you are sitting in a meeting in class or office, then you have to control yourself for half an hour. If you have to go, then same things with thoughts, question as do not.  Control Thoughts Let's reduce fuel and fit less but do not be controlled by thoughts Please write the sentence I tell you the video like this Write this Do not control the flame  Thoughts, an industry of meditation has been created to teach something like this and we will tell you that the egg fund is fine, keep it like this, whatever you find practical and you can do in the next minute, that is the only knowledge. The knowledge which cannot be implemented is only that.  I don't know what that is, put it in front of BA, you CH, that audio is fine, it is nonsense, it is nothing, according to me, you tell me, that's why Giri to Hotspot, you also thought point Hotspot is on Gyan, so why?  If I try to control and find out if it is old then the diet will only happen when you can drop thinking towards beneficial beating, I will tell you what it is and that in this hair tips and thinking comes from fear after result fifth same result which you want to know your thinking, this will happen.  It will happen, which is tourism's and Singh 's apple, this note is the solution and and it happens when you want a particular solution full.  In knowing this solution can not come with significant that I don't want this solution I want this solution and this is what I want and think think think think and answer 11 Answers Friend, every time this and every time this is coming so brother, there may be something wrong with it. That They Nude Deep Thinking You Will Follow Templates Sexual Deep Into Your Wisdom Knowledge Experience Data Bank Your Past Experiences What Happened In  And you will not go down into contact with me that I want the result, you will go that what is right, people say in life, brother, I don't like it, come, you saw that this house plot has such a budget, you don't like it in life.  You have to do what is right, take what you like, don't go back, because when you are not good enough, then what is good is what you want, that is, if someone likes alcohol, then drink alcohol, someone likes teasing a girl.  Is So, there is a girl who likes to wear war clothes, then I am the one who likes to wear the clothes in reverse, who likes to harass people and harass people, that is also there, people say side and side, what do they say, side, if she likes this type, then what should I do?  He is right because it feels good. What is the logic in this that you have to do whatever you feel like because when you want to do whatever you feel like then it should be that much or we should have 50 crores in our pocket. 5 crores.  It's not a thing, it's a lesson, John C.  If you like it, then there is no question because you have shown your capability and capability without any problem. If we want to take those things which we like, then more thinking will have to be done because the solution is not coming, the solution remains that I want a house for 12 and 15 years.  The room should be there and the bathroom should be of 10:00 11:00 Unnati and the kitchen should be of 1412 and such and that product does not have history, it is not in the market and where is it then water  Your budget debt is Rs 22 crores but you also need more wings near the city, in the middle of the road, then take it, there are a lot of lines in Rajasthan, there are a lot of liners in Gujarat, make India big, get your farm house, build a house somewhere else. I want a forest in the middle of the city where there are deer and peacocks and birds and animals and fun and a girl like this with a dimple on her left cheek and a job with a good mother and a good cook too Namaste  I am also going to do this, you will not find so many of them in one, you will find only this, there are many girls who are like that in real life, they were like dogs, they were over him that he was not working but allowed to get married, I am allowing him to stay late from home and is happy in the job.  Are you letting it be? Kushwaha and Harmony will give a decision in the relationship. Now the money will not sink somewhere. Yes, it sinks. Go into property. How much is it in crypto? How much is it in FD? How much is it in Mahalakshmi bumper draw. How much is there in Nagaland lottery? What are the chances in dream11? What are the chances in HD? What are the chances in PS? What are the chances in 100 grams of gold? What are the chances in becoming a brand of top player? The problem of Gosai probabilities of poor play. Litty of hundred percent is this. Only One Thing in One Thing That's All About Sudden 120 Words for Rest Everything The Probability Is  Note 0 It's always something in between will come after this life Life Properties Phone Believe in this world Properties Hundred percent So only this 0 Can be the answer to this question Everything else there is something To sum to go back From British reaction Will come in use in India  More will come in it, India will win or lose the match, your wife will always love you, children will say hello, they will not, it will definitely happen, brother, your  The daughter-in-law will be fine, the mind will be fine, they will never have a fight, I will not drive the car, I will not have an accident, brother, when will you learn more printing? Yes, you have deep thinking, you can leave thinking, thinking will take you to probability, dating will empower you, the printing will give you clarity to pass.  Do n't disturb you right now, for these days, the heart is under the superficial level, taking things in, not going above water, hot water, cold water, dirty water, good water will lie above.  It will be fine, it will be fine, it goes deep, go deep inside, go deep inside or not, otherwise you are going in the eighth house with positive Scorpio zodiac sign, that will be the fear or in the previous depicting, this realization will come that you are a good man, you are an old father.  You are a bad husband, you are a bad mother, you are a bad wife, you are a bad daughter, such things can also be known because you are super fashionable but you all think about yourself, the cobra could not even know that it does not want to drive, why all these things are yours and you have control.  Want to send a notification that this polythene left over property should be sold or grinded, each party is saying no to sell it, if it is sold, then I do n't know who will go to the money, who will eat it, who will ask for it, till now I have control, a career in my name. Sell ​​the base quickly and just record this level, I am not saying that it is wrong for the family, so do n't go to this party and this party should also do something in life, these are the stars instead of waiting.  Parents, children, I want to make my life exciting, my life history, prosperity, the one who is the father, the head of the house, the leader, he should know defeating and teach him to both, then this deep thinking which relaxes you, the thinking which relaxes you, which gives you clarity.  Give me whatever fun you want, when is the purpose of my channel? The purpose of every video of my channel is to take you towards deep thinking, to save you from further thinking, to give clarity, but people still worship the results.  Brother, this is a builder, it is good, it will not become like a woman, guarantee people, practically, I will tell you, you can take yours, for the next 43 days, wake up at the same time in the morning and give water to the sun, ventilation will be blessed in your life, then you will give full amount. 07:09 But there are a lot of 433. 07:09 Only 710 can be given, seven can be eight, but together and together, 11 votes can be given, what can you give, if there is a guarantee, then the hospitals.  People are not guaranteeing themselves, people are taking the guarantee of others, you have to change the bedsheet every two days, you should sleep wearing clean clothes at night, tell me these three-four things, look at the value in the middle of the video song, listen to the whole, how much in the middle?  Do all this work for the first time but what guarantee can you take? You will value this thing that I will always say never again. You don't give 1627 guarantees that will lead you to more thinking is nothing with every work.  In progress will be updated, this hand's wife or her husband will be yours, depending on whom you like, you will turn on your back, leave everything and run away, you are not guaranteed anything, if your friend will remain the same, I will make a video on this. Don't change it, it will be very fun, that's fine, write it down, it will be a lot of fun, it's fine, so another thing comes from not having knowledge, wisdom and mental tools, if you look carefully at my decision-making series, it has been told how.  You have to think that when you are in the trouble of controlling the hotspot, then it is Rahu, blessings cannot be controlled, it cannot come anywhere, but you can infer which hotspot comes, depending on what you see, what you take, what you do not see.  What would you think if you read some newspaper, watch Netflix all day long, watch the news channels, talk about religion, religion, vote, politics and the like, you live in Maharashtra, your name is Marathi boat, you are so much In Maharashtra, people have wasted 15 days of their lives by paying interest. Now what has happened is that what is going on means they are earning money in IPL. In IPL, the teams are different, today they are hugging, tomorrow they are abusing and we.  Seeing them wasting their time and seeing them becoming rich and saying that nothing is happening in their life because what you see what you want to this year will welcome your thoughts when is making this video then this Thoughts You Stop This Thought Gina Robin Thoughts Will Come With Not Right To Control And You Will See Resort Saari What's the benefit to me and I have to structure me so when you share the goat hot flushes when you structure your thought process So Denny was a member of the Earth Hot Skeeter line Have a Different Thing in a Way Which Will Help You Think What I Want You Think It Will  Think what you want to know, what do you think it's logical, so what will this child become, what can he become, do you know his soil, how educated he is, how hard he works, how much brain he has, as much brain as you have in your wife.  As much as he has a mind, his mind will be around them, it cannot happen that neither the wife sings nor the son's husband sings nor sings. Identification of cancer and their second child Kishore Kumar Lata Mangeshkar means it is very difficult.  You may want to become a lot, but what is not possible, but you will not be born with natural talent. You understand, your father is right, so know yourself, what am I? Know your wife and children will also turn out to be fat, so now you know.  Know what can happen in the present world, then start the thing when you did not know, what will my daughter do, what will my daughter do, and this is never a solution, but what will happen? Brother weight should not come from lack of understanding means if you cannot solve a question then how much worth should you do, you cannot do it. If suppose you have to divide MP3 by three and the answer of 11th is then you do not know that thirty three.  I will write and this is 3ed and this first will be done with 303 otherwise it will go then I will put free this will become zero this will come free and this will be 3131 answer this  Reminder is zero, if you don't know how to do this then how much can you think, now you can't do it, you will have to go to someone who will eat you like this, Pooja, you saw the template that brother, if 33.3 comes then you have to do it like this, then tomorrow 77247 will come, then you will use the same formula.  Will you apply this twist everywhere, brother, these are templates, so now you know, know your deep thinking, big things in your experience, your account bank balance. Experience, its knowledge member, you will become superficial, how to do it with 000, how to do it, how to do it, just think about it, if you don't know how to do it, you ca n't do it and if you don't know how to do it, then whenever you have to do it, pin the same thing on it.  What you need is mature thinking and doing more thing, this is what the reader has done till late morning, so don't talk to them but I can give clarity, you can solve the equation for you or I.  Can tell you all she continued that brother, what you are thinking, it is not like this, you are sitting this solution and the input is this delay, from this input only this solution will come. To get this solution, you have to give this input.  It is necessary but if you do not want to give this input then the solution is this one is not going to be found. It happens in every decision making I hope this video is health money people leaves write in comment section below.  Caused more you write in comment section and like if you get 201 then I feel like making such videos, I have a research template, I have 500 more videos written but it depends, this is a tree consultation, I eat chilli.  It teaches things in a structure, so platinum membership helps people learn a little better, so you can take platinum membership if you  Who would enjoy this video? How is it? Tell me, okay? Thank you.