Hello friends, today's topic is 'Do you keep your children away from peer pressure? Do you know what happens? Okay, so how to keep children away from it? I will tell and explain one good thing about parenting for children. I will explain it by taking examples so that you can understand.  Come again it is a topic which is not discussed at all my aim is to get real topics which affect real life next time whenever you visit my channel  I am a subscriber, whatever topic comes, you will feel from within that yes man, this is not happening, this is not happening, I do n't know what we are looking at, but it will give you a real effect, if it gives you a real effect, then it is fun.  If you know, then please write below. It is okay. You may be the one who will tell you the solution. Tweet them. I am going to give you the whole idea of giving you a template as per your situation. Parents have a lot of problems first of all. So they say that they don't listen to us, don't know whom they listen to and worry about whom, and don't know that they are roaming around with them and taking a lot of peer pressure, so first of all the parents have to assess within themselves that in such a way, you take peer pressure from your relatives. You listen to the words of your aunt, aunt, sister-in-law, aunt's sister-in-law, how much do you take, the child is above him since childhood, those whose parents are not under peer pressure, their children are not botada in the default setting. What d'old is that whose father and mother love the child very unconditionally and do not judge and guide him according to his capability, most of the children do not come under other influence anyway, this is a big factor but those who do this are in the minority. Then the child also looks at the parents and then the next thing comes that the parents are having a miserable life, the parents fight with each other many times and are not happy being a mother and housewife.  Father is not happy, if he is not happy with the job then children get very confused and they come to know that these people do not know the syllabus of life, we are not going to pass by following them, so now they go left right i.e. Then the Bhature people are ready to set them in the guide. Parents' say, whether the parents know anything or not, the intention of the parents is still at that level of normal intention of the Indian parents. Raita does not spoil even if you spread it in your child 's life because of stupidity or because they do not have any idea. It is certainly possible, but the intention of the parents will always be right, but as soon as the child goes outside under influence, our intention also becomes weak. This is the biggest thing, so the first effort that parents have to make is that do not get too impressed, pressure also works on the phone, you have become on Facebook, you have gone for something, what is the pressure there?  One thing to do is to go on a trip and I would like to tell the middle class audience here that you send the children of very rich people to colleges in the schools of your middle class audience, thinking that the children will do well.  Because it is said in the market that these schools are good, those schools are so good because these colleges are good, there is a lot of money and the children of the rich are coming there, the pay and faculty is very good, I will give you a classical example of that.  I will not tell you by name because that would be very direct type and would be like a bee putting its hand on an umbrella but I will guide you as if there is an institution somewhere on my GT Road, there are many such institutions in India, it is not the only one where  You do not need to give any exam to get selected but it is rich there, the expenses are very high, the annual fee is Rs 25-30-35 lakh and the faculty is very good because off  If the fee for the course is so high then the students also stay on That my child will go here and the subjects that are being taught there and things that are being understood are also a little different but there are children of the very rich and very rich children and now I am among the children of the rich.  I am not doing classism but there is one thing that comes forward which spoils her - alcohol, cigarette, drugs, boy, girl, living in sex, all these, you know, they are less till 18, 24, 25. Now, this is my experience of many things and with these people.  My experience is that those who are the children of the rich, they do not spoil themselves by doing anything like this. No one has told till now that these things are happening in the families of rich people and they know when to do right and when to do it. When to come back to work, when to do business, a good middle class child does n't know when to come back, he gets spoiled but does n't know when to come back, after doing all the work, it just ends with this, now you can see the girl.  It happened just like that, meaning it is a big LED video, by the way friend, let me tell you, you have to do very high order thinking, it is feeling very difficult, I hope I am trying to explain, children, anyone can pass, I am in class, there is no level here.  doing that all  Rich people are like this, all the middle class people are very innocent or I am not doing this but what am I trying to say to you, there is a rich person, there is a penny which is very historical, he has it in his family, he has a specific color, he knows how much to spoil.  It is worse for him to know that it is a temporary Rahu type and he never accepts it, it is an illusion, he does not accept it as truth and I will not let him enjoy it because of something.  It is not worth enjoying and after experiencing them, he again felt that yes, after wearing Dun Understood, he is completely normal and then starts moving into his story, this is our middle class, the people here are fast, they love emotions because what are the rituals, what are the rituals?  Those middle class people have entered the world by giving the same exposure to others, so they themselves have put themselves under peer pressure. It is your fault here, children, but you have gone for this thing, that it would be good.  There is nothing better than an institution, it is better than an institution because most of the people going there are from the rich people. What do you people do by selling fruits of your plot and say that the middle class is the one who gives food after eating the food.  They send that yes, you will probably be set, no, you will not be set, because that knowledge is that knowledge of retirement colleges going further in England or somewhere else abroad, after that they naturally go there and then your  What does the child say that I also want to go there but you say son, I have become a fish from where should I send out, I was thinking that this will be settled and father, what are you doing, he is going, he is going.  He is going because the whole crowd is going and what happens is that sometimes friendships also become very emotional type, then they say no, I will give it to you, I will give it to you, so these parents are losing a lot here and then they  I guess it's our child?  They say that he is gone, he doesn't even listen to us, he is under peer pressure, you have to see who your child is, your child is like you, he has become what you are, there is not much difference, it is your actions, it is your thought process that is right for them.  Do what is best according to you, look at the money and education and this is not the best education, I would like to tell you that you will have to search in the market yourself, you will have to learn it practically, you will have to do it yourself. This type of Hi-Fi is less and I can see that the middle class is sending, what do you say, okay, you will reach this kind of thing, after doing university, you will see more money there, then after that the child will no longer be a child, I don't know if some more spices were sent to you because  You had heard the reports that if the report comes from here, the report will be good, it means Rs. 90 lakh 1 crore is being spent on education and the people who are sending it are doing well in life because they are taking them ahead.  on the neck  You have to sit, do not strangulate the revenge of your child, there is no system to sit, there is no one in place, although my father was so great that he put me in this college, he invested so much money, now everyone's father has everything.  I do n't have the one I have, I was born in the wrong place, this is what I am in reality and then by inculcating those wrong habits, your intelligence also gets corrupted. I am saying that you have the whole time when it goes from first class to 12th.  does he have influence Look in your life, everybody will get influence on the relationship which is coming from energy plane and coming from confidence then parents are high on energy and if they are high on confidence then you are not influencing.  Your kids, I am also an influencer, I also give training to influencers, I am similar to influencers and you also see us all on YouTube.  You will see a common ground with everyone else, otherwise no one will listen to you, you will have to catch some of his traits and bring clarity and if you yourself cannot bring it, then no problem, it is okay, you can connect with such people who are like you.  If we teach this to the child, then this is a very very important aspect. I hope I have been able to make you understand that it is okay that whatever class we come from, whatever social status our children come from, if they are much below or much above someone else.  If we interact, then that system of values, thought process gets shaken a little, views get shaken, then we say man, what happened, can you tell me about this aspect, initially only happens when you go, you will find rich people, this is  Ho they will behave you are also like that because they will come and say, hey he will drink milk, milk is the father's baby, it is a small baby and if you offer it like this, then he says, I will just drink alcohol and show it to you alone.  If he is not drinking because he can't digest then we hit him, at least do something so that he joins our gang, that pressure is very high on the children, especially when you have thrown them out of the house, they say that it is okay otherwise.  I don't know what all I will have to hear, so I also lie down, smoke cigarettes, drink normally, naturally for good children, who were not exposed to these things, who are the scoundrels, who are already  And they know that they will get trapped, this is seen everywhere, as you must have seen, the one who is cheating from the other class is less likely to get trapped, okay child, and the one who is doing it for the first time in life is the first one to get trapped in this innocence.  It is the children who need you protected and friends, now he will tell them that yes, I should not drink alcohol, that yes, you are on your period, so I am all for it, ultimately the child will not be able to get jail for so many people, you will have to come there, then it is the best.  The solution I am telling you is to avoid it only inside Plessis Alto, where he will get to interact like this because we are hopeless, what should we do, you will have to live life, you cannot do it like this, it is in your hands, there are still many such systems where the child  I have gone to my house after getting educated, because I am telling you this too, now it is in a small town and that is a different matter, respect is vices everywhere, it is ok to write about decency.  If I see it, I will feel that yes, I heard it till now and some people understood, thank you.