Hello friends, today's topic is how to improve communication skills, many videos have been made on this, there is a lot of content, there are many rains, many webinars, seminars, many things happen, many books have also been written, but I am going to tell you one thing which is probably not mentioned anywhere.  Not told, if told, then please tell me where. According to me, this is the original. I am telling you my experience. If you want to improve your communication skills, then you  What is necessary for you, but for which you need 6 cloves, the way it is posted, you should have command over the language, attend this webinar like this, teach the confidence, do it on the stage, do it in such a way that it is now English, I do it, no way Indians have  Rich a stage in life, this is the brave time, I am being impressed by everyone, actually, there is some benefit to be had, so my audience is connected with me since the day, they also recognize me that my  This channel is best on practice, quality is the approach of a leader connected to the ground, so today I will tell you that if you want to improve your communication skills, then you do not have to focus only on improving the communication scale, people who want to improve the communication scale. Don't Worry Channel They Don't Have Left I 'll Explain and You Tell Me Whether Agree or Not Agree  What have ever told you take you agree with please right agree with you not agree right disagree you have information in your life ji ki jawan ki communication skill hai zubaan zubaan kya batali hai it is manufactured here it is like one is he is cooking  It is similar to the one who will be prepared, he will bring the sweater, mostly the focus is on the traffic, how the waiters arrived, whereas the main thing is the quality of the food. If the quality is good then in a democracy people will line up and there will be no need for waiters, so it means that if the content you are saying is strong then communication skills are just a little icing on the cake. People who are confused are often told.  No-No, he is not very intelligent and no intelligent in communication skills, that person is not intelligent, that is why his communication skills are not clear, some are not very clear, many people who tell you  It seems that he is very intelligent, he has so much knowledge behind him, he has degrees, all this but he could not add to the company, he is actually a fraud in the husk, that is why people are earning so much money on the basis of communication skills because people have  Is it proved that you are very intelligent and knowledgeable and this may be India only and there is a lot of technological thing in your communications, isn't it related to Albert Einstein?  Scorers, I am not discussing them, they are not even five percent, they are not even two or three percent of us. If you can explain anything to a 10 to 12 year old child, then it is okay when you say no.  You will not understand, then it means that if someone says this, you hear that no, you will not understand, now you do not have command over that, then the most important thing is for you to focus on clarity on the content. If any topic is extremely clear on your mind that under the influence of Mughals, that battle took place there in 1526, that Panipat was fought first, then it was established with Maharana Sanga in 1527, it came out, how did the number of Mughals come to be complete, if you know it well then sorry.  We will tell you comfortably in the form of a story, but if you have read that subjective 15, 20, 25 percent and you are nervous, then you should ask the question.  Can't answer, you do n't have hold on the whole subject. Urine folder. Renew communication skills. For communication skills, neither that English is good nor any Hindi is very important. It should be good and not any other language. You should follow the thoughts that  Now whatever those thoughts are in your language, they will be expressed in simple language, they will be expressed as an example, this is the biggest thing, the second thing is the most important which no one will ever tell you.  Communication skills will be good only when you are talking about the benefit of others, when you are praising yourself that sister divorced her when is what is this when I was like this when I was that when there was someone below me like this when I was on the side position Then I was praising myself like this, how well you can do it in English, how well you can do it in Hindi, how well you can do it in so many sub-supported banners, how well you can do it in pronunciation, give the next one, he will not be interested, Krishna, he is not getting any benefit from it. And this program is 80 cents people get stuck in this track, so much time in singing their praises, so much time in creating a role, I also speak directly, I am number one with relative clarity and in the country, then only one was finished, after that  You listen now, if you have any question then ask, I did it and showed established confidence. What is the appropriate thing to tell about my 10 years, 15 years, 20 years? What did I do, tear it apart, reach it, climb the mountain.  This went up, that went up, if you want to make yourself stylish even while playing cricket, then there should be a topic, then you tell the next person on that topic, brother, I will add value to you on this, but I do n't have the eyes and courage to tell the next person.  That I know this thing very well, I am telling you and you tell me that I have explained it well, I have not been able to explain it to you, I have not been able to explain it, otherwise no one would ask, then only good communication will be successful. Which teachers do you like? Remember everything in your class in childhood, Dhawan Suveri used to shift and forget some things like this and you did not understand anything, if you were considered a subject, then what was considered a subject could be that which is the perfect definition of communication skill. This is the web, this is the pronunciation, body language, this is the festival of Hey, why focus on all these things, why do I have to pose myself like this, it is good to wave hands, bra is good to do like this, this is  It is not good to do that by watching the lips, does one learn something by doing this? Why ca n't we be natural? Why can't we be natural? So the first thing in communication is you have to have work content. First is communication and to be good communication is its To achieve the target, first send your content. Whatever you have said, your content should be good, then you should have good clarity on it. 19 It is okay when the content and clarity are good for you.  If both the C's are good then it is natural for the third C to come on its own which is confidence. Confidence comes to you only when you are speaking, then it is correct that you have tested it and accept it for some reason. For some reason, something is under your control. If the mistake is found, then you should have a very humble personality. Okay brother, perhaps there are mistakes that I will reach. You should not put confidence in all those three things if your aim is not to impress others.  If you have to give importance to communication, then you will never like confidence, if you go wrong, you will never be insulted because you did not go to impress, you went to velvet, in this I will tell people that whenever there is communication,  Two things happen, it's okay, dialogue or dispute, it's okay, they call it in English, dialogue is okay, I and you are talking, we are talking, or the second bad thing happens, argument or dispute.  I am saying to myself, this is correct, then you are saying this is correct, that is a different gas stomach, so when you have to improve your communication skills, then you have to connect with people only with them. Dialogue is possible because what happens in dialogue is this is a. Lock I'm Contributing Towards That You 're Contributing Third Person Has Contributed Every Body Contributing What is Most Important Is What  IS CONTRIBUTED IN THIS DIALOGUE Who is doing what is the importance Amazing Something very super intelligence in something intelligent Looted property but Khichdi here All this here All focus from here Will decide later but focus in argument Focus on this right side  The focus is not on what is good for us in life and on the other hand, it is not on humiliating someone, so when Bhima insults someone  You have to humiliate and no matter how knowledgeable you become, urine quarter is true people and true people in this era too. You have to see whether you progress in life by doing right or by constantly becoming a tail in life by learning new things and never separating people from yourself.  This happens because if someone is trying to explain something to you and he is telling you the thing is right, then he is right and you are arguing with him, it is okay and you are wrong, your understanding is wrong.  Post this yesterday, that man once gave you the feeling of winning, but the next time that man will ever tell you anything useful, never tell you that he has lost another thing including you and he is trying to tell you by leaving the wrong flat. His view contact if you are very clear what ever his sayings may not be very correct and your understanding counts a little bit. Take his opinion also, his OPD is countering but yours.  The boss is giving the opinion, you are getting to know that there is no girl in that case of mineral water with opposition and it is possible that someone else's skin is next, the same person comes into your life again, now he brings something in which he  Add value to you and if you don't know about that thing then you have to look at the end of the day. Don't keep focus on communication skills and communication skills will follow.  The company also has Sanskrit verses and Lakshmi, they are offering their land, they are offering welcome, they talk about the benefits of the next person, some big leader also goes and has very good communication skills, so which one is there?  Those people there who talk to them about their benefits, they have good communication skills, they listen to what happened 20 years ago, what happened 40 years ago, how it happened, how it happened, they stand up and tell the commissioner in the buses that this is how it happened.  And the communication skills of such a person are not considered good and you will see that even in senior positions in corporates and even in your government jobs, he is very senior and he speaks only English and his junior employees are forced to listen to their mind. If you want to test this thing in life, then it is normal like I give a 180 apache to myself. If I talk about work, people are connected. I can see that there are free winners, trees also have people.  You can tell from this that you are talking about work, YouTube also does the same thing, now I am making this video in 1 minute, in the video you will surround yourself with people, you will like it, if you are doing anything useless, then you will come to know that my communication skills are useless, I understand.  If you are not able to explain what I was trying to explain, then for this you have to improve your communication skills, this is life support, this is just an end will have to ask people that how can I explain, something seems interesting in me, today the question to  Your friend's relatives Devi too, very very honest answer, friend, you find my words interesting, they seem boring, no way, you will not mind, it is true, it is not of any use, she does not seem to be useful because you are not talking about work in them. You tell them, start talking, budget can be maintained, the receptionist is from this, money will be saved in these PS by taking this and STD will increase like this, how can you save on home loan in section 54F.  If there is capital gain then how can a person cheated of Rs 2 crores be happy? Even under section 24, we have capital and the principal interest rate is Rs 2 lakhs, we can do that but if the interest loss is more than ours then we carry on forward.  You can also do this and this simple thing interests everyone, it is a matter of money, for him it is a matter of money, it is a matter of property, but if you just type the things, he is like this, his wife is like this.  If his children are like this, then you are destroying your communication skills. You are having a hard time passing. Add inches. You are sitting and passing your time. Communication skills and communication skills will always be there only when you have content when you are talking.  With three people and two people who were standing next to you, they will join you, as if inside the party you feel that you are speaking, three people are talking, but after you, the more interesting you are getting, the better, others are benefiting.  If you are talking about giving, then give people like this on your own, then you will realize that your communication skills are good and your communication skills are good because you are telling such content, so this is the method, initially you will get first four  People have to chant, five have to be done, friends have to do it, if you can fold the conversation, the next person is interested like this, he also has to be listened to, all his own listening, worship has to be done again, the next moment. How did you like this video, starting?  There can be more on this that I am selling everything on practical bread on my channel. If you like it, please like it and share it with all your groups. Now I am different for platinum members.  I will also come to take small courses like this, I have got good manners and things can be told openly, such a teacher under Khel Room, talk about a little formal environment, my plan is to try, it is ok.  Otherwise normal people will also be mine, you guys can also join me thank you hey a