Hello friends, fresh topic should be the best topic and in the Indian middle class, controlling your wives is a very good topic, women should see the saree but men should see everything and in the beginning if the mood is getting spoiled then do not spoil the mood because in the next video as soon as you will see this complete.  He will come and have the same Indian vibes, he will be equal in control fear, you have seen that my content is absolutely a mirror of the society, here I am not taking sides, girls are good, men are good, women are good, all are good and all are bad.  It will be shown as it is, it is very good, you are married, woman, see for yourself, this snake, you are going to get married, it is a man, see also, I will also tell about the collection, I will also tell about the freedom, I have to tell both, I can tell only one thing in one video, otherwise.  It will be a very long video, okay and it will come in the second part. How do ladies do it and who else is there? We can also call it power dynamic within a family, that would be a topic too, but I don't understand that topic a bit if I  He has to say that it is a game of power dynamic, so let's start first of all, sir, how do we do it, first we will know how we do it, then why we do it, we will tell you because how we do it is very simplistic and why we do it is a little leaden.  There is a little complex, you identify with it, you enjoy it, you feel liberated, then please see, Jim has done this and is doing it, it is time for introspection, you see that with this you can liberate your wife.  If you can or not, then let's start how to do it. Well, this film has been made for him, so what is the right thing to tell for him, otherwise for the middle class, there is only one way to control, not 10000 ways, people say physical violence.  It is not that, it is not like that, there is only one way, give making financial slaves I bill him D word strong word financially dependent, I could also use it and how to make that you will not do the job and if you are doing then  Let's stop you from crying, how does that happen, I will tell you more later, but you put your hand on your heart and say, any Indian middle class man with any amount of salary, how many lakhs, two lakhs, two and a half lakhs, anything.  Is it true that he also gives his wife Rs 20,000 a month regularly? Simran ji, I will not ask for my life, even if he spends it here he would give Rs 50,000 and in that there will be society, there will be grocery society, there will be fees.  But there will be electricity bill, there will be medical expenses, there will be 50 alambalams, all these expenses of milk, vegetables will be torn, that is a different thing that women do something with the household expenses, I am not discussing that but there will be accountability, they had a different system.  This is a big trouble these days, I am telling you that no husband is giving, if he is giving then you tell me that my husband gives me pocket money every month. 20000 children will get pocket money. Middle Inside the class, I am telling the truth of life. For the one who goes to college or is older, the son is 2003 thousand. Whatever belongs to everyone, women do not get it. This is the pain of women. To express this pain as a lari, when the marriage is old, caste.  And the women are in their late 30's and 40's caste, the husband is very big, he also has no premises, I am going to the dark side, I will name the property of the society, Rs 2 crore 5 crore flat, property, shop, anything, it will be in the name of the wife or most of the loan.  take  If there is a joint time, then it will be done in joint time and the woman will feel that the property has been named, it will be my security. This is the best way to fool men. Men know that if they get divorced tomorrow, then she will go anyway, so there will be no point in naming etc.  It is not a big deal and if Puri is also named then she will also come as Adi, if you are not found above Adi anyway then make Puri whether you want Adi or Adi, the second thing is the loan against him, the third thing is his woman.  Can't even put Rs. 250 in mouth, I know such women who are so tortured in their house, who still have properties worth eight crores in their name, which have become now you will say that the one with Rs. 7 crores is middle class, I am middle class.  Had I explained in the new pain, is it a game of cash flow? Sir, you have a woman who has a property worth ₹ 5 crores but she does not pay the rent when she goes to work or her husband is late or something else.  becomes clear  How is it that the woman is so rare in paying anything for it, that this property is in your name, the reason for it is also yours, go Simran, live your life, we don't know what she does with 50-60 thousand.  If it was not so then if he had named the property then it would not be a big deal, I am telling you one more thing, the money committee is coming to your house, 3 4 5 10 15 20 30 thousand, whatever defending. How are you at home? It's fine, it could be the driver too, it could also be the maid, something has come down between 345 and 10,000, which is your wife, I have been verbally abused many times, till now all the men are angry and there must be others who listen. I know that now I will say a few words and a half. Women should also be angry on Shakti. Fact: This housewife plays the role of a butter. In the middle class, you understand butter. You mean she asked about the broom, not the utensil lady, but made it herself. No, but she manages, my words don't hurt, if you get an actual message from this then I will be successful, watch the video further, watch with an open mind, you will get a very good solution and you will get happiness on your husband's face too.  There will be a smile on the wife's face. The channel has only one claim - to make you happy and to make you rich, both things become happy by becoming rich, become happy with me, whatever you decide and watch till then, if both husband and wife watch it, it will be more fun alone. In  Also, if you have seen the video, then watch the joint again so that by changing your life a little, can't the husband give peace to the butter? If the maid makes three, five, six, along with him, she takes eight thousand.  The one who is managing everything is the butter, the clothes are coming, the food is coming, the vegetables are coming, the food is being prepared, if the maid is not coming, then who will come? A chali or a fortune, a small broom lady has gone.  The utensils will work, it will work like this, it has become like this, if the washing machine will cost, it will cost Rs 20,000, then she deserves it in a middle class family, where the husband is working for ₹ 2 lakhs, to reduce the household expenses, her financials are Rs 20,000, then dead minutes and if she has children.  This month mostly falls to women, so try monetizing it, otherwise we give them free food, give them clothes, you just have to bear the rest too, which you have to bear.  Told that it is a family channel, I will not tell you in details but you know, if you want to talk about the same then this Karan is in control like this, the story is not able to do anything, there is power in the story, you can't do anything and what is the pain of his pain, I will tell later.  I will tell you why this is what it means to be a financial slave and how to control it because you cannot do anything actually. You are doing it through the internet, you are calling it, you are calling it, it is paying the phone bill, it is giving you self- esteem, a lot of journey.  Well, what is said to be the reason for this? What is said in the society, which is an actual reason and that is to darken it a little, I will tell you later, what is said to be the actual reason, Journally Lip, you, what is said for that, who will take care of the house, society?  I and Sansa will also speak like this, elder ladies will also speak, we too used to take care, you are educated, look after yourself, who will take care of the house, second will be the children, who will take care of the children, the third narrative is created by the middle class men.  Made by and he shoots women then he has also drunk them that if we women go out to do less and children follow Jai then this happens in lower class children then children can become your criminals and do less wrong.  There will be wrong upbringing, the society will collapse, the story of Falna, Bullying, Halam has been created by the middle class, today I am going to tell you something based on research and an actual thing, whether the children become criminals due to absence of pregnancy due to the woman or not.  Bane's role is not in it. A lot of research has been done in this D. Absence of D. Father West. A lot of research has been done in that. Wherever there is a missing father, the children are going to get spoiled. If the mother is alone then how can you see anyone, he is of any kind.  The woman does not do less, the husband is at home, even if the husband is not the father, the children get spoiled, nothing happens due to the presence of the mother, the presence of the father alone in the physical life, the father will go to this important job, this is a big misunderstanding because  Those who see women as girls, they get inspired. If you have studied well, you have gone to Marina House, you have gone to Hindu College, you have gone to Venkateshwara University, you have got good marks from Delhi University or you have studied in other good colleges and you are a housewife while sitting at home. If you reduce it, if you have a daughter, then why do that much to her, she will not become a housewife, my daughter will become a good wife, but I have children, that is, the daughter will not give birth to children, it means that after the children are born, if they will study to take care of the children, then this is Sir Message Middle.  Class  Are you confused? Are you fooled by telling all this? The real reason. Do you understand that it is a basic trade which is called medical time or is it the one that controls, will earn money from within, will become free, cannot be controlled, cannot speak directly.  So he looks for excuses every day, his mother has also written him a paper in a journal, there is a current in the society because if a girl is interested in an offer then it is immediately correlated that this is a money committee, good money.  No, you don't do the job and if her mind goes off, then you say, you don't even earn, how come your mind is off? Well, Baba Mayer, it means that a woman's mind turning on for any reason is like a punishment for them. What can happen, rich man, if you are becoming a hero on his money, then we rich people will not take yours, if the money itself is useful, then perhaps his mind will be disturbed, if he will not listen to us, then we will not take this either, oh brother, there is someone like this who is nothing. what will you do next? Then what will you do, this is changing now, it was going on till now, that is why now the man is not ready to marry, this is what happens nowadays because till today it is very clear that make women financially dependent on them.  Dame your financial they are born you behave in debt minor eat roti ji go ahead ji pack tiffin like this one looks good ji have not come yet such a one only then am not ready to get married because the syllabus is only this much  Do you know what will happen till now, its story is further see the region, further what is the region, narrative has been told, all these are the talks with mother, I want to tell one thing and also tell one thing about government jobs, why women have less husbands in government jobs.  I don't allow it to be done and before telling him what are the excuses, let me tell you one last reason. If the elder woman does less, she will go out, then she will be punished. If you want this to be such a poor idea, but by giving a hint here, I will just tell you about the affair.  to be  For does she have an affair with a man, nor does the man even go to the office, so all the men you are going to the office, you are doing it to everyone, it is the woman's fault. Chances and affair in NBG Officer Very readables, fear two houses.  But it is sitting empty, there is no one there, there is the African MP, I am opening the sails today, ahead is a marital council, I am an unaffiliated country, these think and cases come, now the data will tell you, tell me your name.  I will not tell you how many more are there, it is thousand, it is 1200, tell me, most of the cases are of those who have affairs at home, just listen, the office people come to know about it, the only difference is that you are understanding that there are not many affairs in the office, there are affairs in the office.  So they get to know because there are 50 people who share their happiness and sorrow, then when they get to know in the market, any husband or whatever is like that and then the society at large gets to know about the married woman. If the one who goes out has an affair, then if out of 100 girls, she is doing everything, then both of them are caught and the one who is going out is doing it. If 5 out of 100 are sitting at home, then it has to be done among those five.  If one of these is detected then there is a 50% probability. You understand what I am saying. I am explaining this on the basis of an example. This is not an actual data, it is perfect that something is there. There is more empty mind, there is more energy level there, there is more opportunity, what used to happen earlier that this mobile and WhatsApp and this Twitter and what is this name Insta and all these inverted, straight and ridiculous left soybeans, this was not up, this thing was not there much nowadays.  If it has been facilitated, then the one who is alone is not monitored, so now if you want to understand something, then this was also a very important thing, that is a government thing, I was going to tell you that in government jobs, women work for men, women, there are a lot of such organizations. you tell me if  You identify me according to a lot where women have to do less on the default setting, there is an organization for men for men, there is an institution, now everyone has a name but I am not going to control that here but you understand there is a lot in it.  One is doing the job, one is making money for us, two are doing less for us, the woman is making her career shine, you can understand the meaning of all the women who are above the government servants, especially the officers, who are above the group, the lady's involvement in it is this. Also the scene is the husband's promotion, big think and story or story, story or story gets stuck, whichever story reaches the top position, whether it is about to reach in a Czech corporate or in a government job, I am about to reach the maximum post in some organization, those people are very  They are very less in percentage and it is worth noting that if you put the whole family in it, women in government jobs are gateway caste, mostly by doing this, our transfer table when transfer can be done everywhere in every city is very less. Teaching is one profession, what is the benefit of life, if it is so good then it will make the husband's job shine because this will be considered less as an officer, the husband is such a big officer, the woman is 30-40, ours is 30-40 and in many places the salary is only around 25, this is the color of thinking.  Now I will tell her how to get freedom and power in it. Caste is very simple. As many women are listening to you, economics is not live, you have to reduce it, I am not telling you to do a job to earn money, I am saying less and  I am also giving you a hint towards this, at the top of my comment area, you will get the link of a course of UP where I have given a template for becoming a primal, that is only a 2 hour workshop, after listening to the two and a half hour workshop, you will  You can start this from home, in this then your husband will not have any problem nor will you have to go out of the house because women are not the ones who reduce the meetings at home and do not even want to learn. Who thought from us how it would be like this, listen for two and a half hours. so much so that you  You will be ruined and you will take I do n't know how much you have taken, you will get it in the comment area, which is the scope of earning more money than your husband, I have explained to you, so I don't do it even out of desperation, I have been there again and again.  Money wish is very important for your selfie stick and your peace because women say this very very much na Venus Buster in Australia I want to learn astrology they have small desires home improvement people my little my fennel  Well, let's go to the story, if it is the birthday of my close friend Jain or my brother or sister 's children, then I should give them some gift, this is my father's mother's anniversary, don't give it to them for everything, when they ask for money from their husbands.  You get scared, husband files an audit, husband has to say, I don't give my mother's shawl to you, you came to give a big pashmina shawl to your wife, I made money from it and along with it, my father-in-law gave me such a shawl which I gave to him.  Reciprocate back Woman's heart broken due to small things Butter has partnered too much I am telling all women too much Waiter has partnered O re pro time late ho ke ho ki ho takes the form of two-three diseases in the body  One is Arthritis, one is Osteoarthritis, which causes bone pain. Check yourself for all the women whose mothers we are hearing about are not young and their wives have this disease.  You have harassed them for money, now you will tell them that saree was harassed, it was like this in those times, everyone there has this disease, check everyone, women of one generation have saree, 90% of the women have this disease in their body.  Bone pain which has come due to bitterness, if you are a woman 28 30 35 40 years old brothers and sisters and you have not suffered from any disease but you are suffering from this pain.  If you are roaring, then take it in writing. If you do not earn your own money, then you will also get sick. It will come at the age of 50-55. Now neither any doctor nor any other social worker will come to tell you. India's number is coming.  One Clarity Guru is telling you and all the men who are listening please tell me whatever happened till date, whatever misconceptions happened with Karan, there was no clarity, there was pressure from society, there was pressure from your mother, you yourself were lazy because you were very lazy.  Men do not want to take the responsibility of the house, they do not want to contribute 15% in the upbringing of the child, they do not want to contribute 10% of the time, they do not want to accompany the wife, there is a little lotus and those children also do not remain children all the time. A stage I child 10-  When he turns 12 years old, he seems to be in control and the women also have to keep an eye on him, when I will tell the second one, how women control, that is also dark and why does it have to be done and who else wins and lives?  Whatever you want, family and society lose and body aches, women's pain, so I had told in this video that in this video there will be talk about men's elders because the next video will be there. How was this video? Please tell in the comment area if you want to know that.  So it is not only for housewives, mothers can also do it, anyone can do it, so here is the link to the course, do that or take it from platinum membership, John Saheb finds it more convenient, you can see it, excellent, very excellent.  the one  That and much more happened in it. Tell it in good detail in two and a half hours. If you know, a 2 1/2 hour long video cannot be shot like this. If you had done it like this here, then it would have been everyone's defeat. If you don't tell everyone everything then its value would be zero.  Yes, it is caste, you know it, then it is okay, then he can do it, I am saying it again and again, I am paying rent to women again and again, brother, if it is difficult to throw them out of the house and do a 9 to 6 job, then the Indian economy is at a stage today.  Reach  Because of technology and opportunity, you can do a lot of work sitting at home, now husbands should not face issues in earning money sitting at home or the only issue is that if we go, then my Namaste will not be there, not even money, it is okay these days husbands.  That is, husbands also have to be encouraged and not controlled because there is no benefit in creating a financial slab. I want to tell only one thing to the husbands, if you want to become a king like Awadh Bhojaji used to say.  If you are a king then if you want to become a king then you will have to make your wife a queen. The husband of a maid is a job and the one who makes a maid wants to keep his wife as a mother of Indian middle class and that too for free, the maid is free.  As for the rest, the one who has come will bring you money, she will run away for a minute without money, it is okay, but if you want to keep a free maid, almost free maid, then you will also remain employed, if you do not become a king, then you want to become a king. So try to make your wife a queen, encourage her, tell her how it can be possible for her to earn 10000, earn 20, earn 50. If someone opens a YouTube channel, it starts with zero subscribers, it does not start with 1 million, it does not start with 2 lakh, 3 lakh. People know that I too have not subscribed yet. If you are watching first then subscribe. Every day you have to beg like this and that is one of them.  There is peace of our own and we go to read the numbers in it and he is ticked, he becomes a subscriber, if he likes the content, then who is his, he becomes yours and he gradually grows, there is relief, in this way we have to tell it to the wives also, if you start any less then it will be 105000.  15000 stick on stick on because that less is yours, less is yours, there is no less that you can just go outside and do a job outside, then do it outside also, you can do it inside, do it inside.  There are a thousand ways to be a housewife, and I have done Wagner, I will also give the link to it. This one is the latest one which has become very hit, so the latest man's picture that has come out, he promotes it, so this latest one, this primer is very much in demand.  There is a demand because you can give this kind of clarity, there will be no problems in dog weddings, this kind of love will remain in weddings, there will be clarity for a long time, wrong, no one wants to be a man, India does not want to be a woman.  It is a power dynamic and in this society it is wrongly taught to do like this and do like that and no one else is like this. In this politics it is thought that women are not important in home politics, they are women, I am not agreeing but such men.  From Ekta Kapoor 's serials, it is shown that the men are just there, that is, they are just standing there, that is, now the game of women is going on, the sound of trouble is coming from behind, which daughter-in-law has come these days.  ok and mother's Chowki is singing or there is some politics going on inside the kitchen, then it is shown like this in the serial, men are very straightforward, they have to play big politics in politics, it is okay, there is no less, but it is dynamic, there is no less, but  It is better to fight in the power dynamic than to do politics. You can make butter in the family. When the middle class family does very good, the country will also do good, then it is a service to the country, it is a service to you too. Mental health will also be good, there will be no irritability, there will be international happiness.  channel  There is only one thing to increase happiness and make you rich and both the things need to go together, if one thing is left behind then it will not happen. If you are becoming very happy then it cannot be that you are not making money but wealth is flowing.  The pain will increase in direct proportion. Both are related. Very looser type is taught that both are independence. Yes, by doing independence, the day is in your house, see how much happiness has come in your house and why it has come because you have it.  have money  If you can't afford it, give it in your house, see how happy you will be, it will let you live something like your woman, when all those people will read it to reduce it, then please share this video, like it and wait, now the ladies know.  How not to be in control, how to do it and men came to know why not to do it and how. Now next I will tell you how women do it, when they do it and that is also a basic and to get men out of it, I will share the knowledge with both.  I am so Being a consultant, I have done good to whoever is sitting here, so now I have made the video a bit women- friendly. It is being said that if it is feminist, then I will make the next one of NCP type, where I will only help the men and tell them that women.  How do you do it? My old audience is enjoying it thoroughly. It is good. Those who board the boarding bus become a little negative. This is the first time that the story has been forwarded. It is only on the basis of this video, so I  In this video I told that brother, that one will also be defamed for you. I am not on one, I am this mirror, it can never be the fault of the mirror that how your face is visible, an attempt is being made to show you as you are, okay.  It is fun, the content in the video is original, so please tell, discuss, share, thank you.