Hello friends, this is a very interesting topic, it affects many houses, especially where women have money committee and even if they do not earn, it will still be applicable, but more focus will be on double income people, how to manage their money, so this is a very good topic and it is very  The reason for the issues is infidelity in marriage in India, it is not as wide spirited as in western countries where relationships break due to infidelity, it is very less in 100.  The rest is 2 to 3%, there is a lot of trouble, this is one of the biggest things regarding money. Okay, so in this we discuss that the wife is a money committee and what is the complaint of the husband and what is the complaint of the wife and from my side I am a medical doctor.  I am a counselor very short because I am also an astrologer because there are many other things, so I bring 360 perspective, I have solved many things in couples, so the success rate is very high. Today, through this video, I want to share some tips or knowledge or some good talk. You have to spread this message because if whatever I do in my consultation, I will give it for free here.  If I am telling you, let it reach out because after that, what will I tell in the consultation? I have told this, okay, so it means I am giving something from my side, it is the time of Diwali, it is okay to give something.  trying  If I am, then please make so much effort, it is okay to spread it with your family group, friends etc. and also yourself with your wife, you have to see, it is okay where the wife is a committee, there is little money, apart from money, there comes some trouble in her life.  I do n't get enough hot bread, he also has to reduce some things, the wife has her own stress, so she feels like this, the husband feels like a normal man, who is normal to him, then everyone is a husband whose wife is at home.  But she lives in her life, she is thinking that she has to make some sacrifice, she is thinking in her mind that her husband is okay, so now he is thinking that if he has to do this, then he has the money, she has thought like this in her mind, now that is okay.  There is a wife who is short of money, she thinks that a normal girl who lives at home, keeps her feet up all day, gets on the phone, it is okay that she will take the breakfast that was there, who will prepare it separately and give it to her, mother does not bother me.  it's all about money  If she is doing so, then this woman is doing less, her children have also gone to school, she has also taken tiffin, she has also made a husband, she has just started working, then this woman thinks that her life is miserable, in comparison to the woman who  She lives at home because I am also doing all the things that are happening in my house, which are happening in her house, plus I work, so she is also in self mode, this is also the case, both of them are not being discussed, okay in their own way.  And both of these  They are also doing a favor to others, now when that money comes, the wife thinks that it is my money because if I do not do the job, the husband has to do the job, it is written in the society that the husband has to do the job, that is why marriage is not a job. Brother, no man does a job, he does not earn money, he does not get married, it is okay, but there are many women who are sitting at home, they will sit, it is okay, there is a new trend that even before marriage, we should do less.  Type it in, that's also a trend But normally there are many women who sit at home too, majority is okay in India, 93% 94% in middle class pan India average is 19% only women do less, in which less than a particular level goes, then this is for both of you.  If it is going on then now the husband says that he wants to invest in something or buy something or what does the husband always do in the household expenses. The wife's journal has been seen because Also tell me the solution to this problem. First explain the problem. It will take some time. Interesting, good video is going to be made. Great video is going to be made. You have to stay connected till the end. You have to tell me more, are the thoughts of your heart like this or did you enjoy it? Those who enjoyed the video.  Just write it down, the husband says, spend the money at home, show me your help in the house, because many husbands complain about this, let's take the news, Jio, wife doesn't spend, that means I am travelling, I do n't even get hot bread, my man does n't even serve me.  Doesn't she give me money and is absent half the time? That woman who is not at home, works less than 8 hours, comes and goes, does everything, so I am not getting any benefit. Such husbands think very short term and wrong.  There is a mistake in this, I will first tell you that I am releasing the question paper first and what they have to do, what should be the difference in thinking and how will be the benefit, I am telling that the husband is big, husband is big in the relationship, it was said that God is God, today I do not believe in it.  Women but husbands must obey  That He is God and He is God but not to enslave Him but to give for Him, I am speaking from the point of view of having a big heart. Here I am God is not speaking because if we are some lap or some big person.  He is the elder brother but it is read in the relationship like he is a father or a husband who has been registered at some time as God's heart, so his heart should also be big, not Han Yaar, if you are okay after typing the kamariya, then what else do I have to do?  I will tell you the psychology of women. She can never see her money being wasted on small things because in 2 years there will be a fight with you, so she needs to count. I brought in the TV, I gave her the down payment for the car, I made the down payment for the flight, this microwave is mine, this one is mine  I mean, there will be a fight as to what are you doing in the house, it is mine, the wife wants it, so where she can write the name in all these things, the wife is ready to spend on the children, so on the default setting, she will spend on clothes etc.  whatever you have at home  If the wife has to give clothes, birthday gifts etc. to the relatives, then the wife will do it on her own, then the wife is not proud of the brother-in-law that she went to the party, she wore it like this and the dance is going on, and like this, what is the wife doing with the money, the poor girl?  He thinks these two-three things, he thinks that my money is psychology, he is also working very hard, what is the psychology of his wife, what is the psychology of his wife, count my money, I can live all this. Only the husband has to see that man, whether he holds his nose like this or not, what difference does it make, I don't do anything, everything is on your mobile, the children's money is being deposited in a lot in the account, his investment is going somewhere in the investment.  As for you, you are the wife, that is fine, you do not have to keep these security, as per the rule of husband and wife regarding money, if there is a divorce, it is 50-50 because when there is no divorce then it is yours.  If it is the worst case, then the house is 50-50, someone gave the money, whatever is yours after marriage, it is 50-50, so when it is 50-50, then why are you worried about the date, it is the worst case, no God.  Do not break any marriage. I am telling the story of reconciling a marriage but we should know the scenario of the year. So the wife gets an accomplishment of sense of purpose and is considered to be younger in the relationship in the Indian society.  Small in relationship, I am not calling her small in famine or small in that, but normally in husband and wife, the age of leaves is also big, wife is her wife, so look after her [music] If she does n't sip, doesn't do mutual fund, then make her aware forcefully.  They do not normally earn a salary of Rs 15-20 lakh. Very few women in the middle class who have so much money normally earn Rs 30000 in 50 years. One and a half lakh two lakh.  If it comes to textbooks, it will be collected every 6 months. She will keep it somewhere as per your request. Make her aware of investment. Wife gives money to her husband only when the wife has faith in him. Three things were the first of four things.  I believe that there is a good locator of wealth from my husband, lest it happens that I give money to my husband and the husband is giving his money to his parents, then what will be the benefit of my doing a job and I sit at home, this happens a lot.  what happens in  What does a husband do secretly to his parents? Rani Man, father should not be killed. I will make a separate video in that. It is not right to not raise a Quebec Man father. No, I am very poor. I will make it for the poor too. I will make it for everyone. I will give complete clarity. Second.  Patti's wife feels that her husband is a spendthrift. If I give him money, he will feel comfortable. He will spend his money, spend it on parties, drink alcohol, spend it on friends, he knows.  If the wife sees that my husband is an intelligent investor type, has little thinking and is transparent and is okay with money, then the wife will have no problem in giving you money. If you invest and internet transparency is very necessary, husband, if ever in the relationship.  Why does a rift start in everyone and I am telling this for the wives also, Sara, it is not that I am finding fault with the wives, if the wife is a money committee, whatever amount this husband also earns, no expenses are incurred.  Before doing this, you have to tell each other that I will not say exactly that, you have to learn permission that darling, can I give you idli, if it happens then nothing likes it, date this that I am buying the phone for myself with my own money, take this one.  I am saying, should I take it, it is okay, then maybe the husband said, no, don't take this, take a better one than this and take money from me, or friend, she is taking this very expensive date, this is between a couple, but husband, this is not it. What do husband and wife do? It's my money, my wish. Why are you telling me? Then you have to give feeling in the relationship. And here, even those people who don't earn money should be taught permission because it is the family's money.  You will treat your money in this way. Ask each other in the family. Idli can be asked, but in the worst case, she gives the committee, not the money herself, and she also gives the money by taking the entire money of her husband.  There are no homes left anyway, there are bound to be troubles, many women are like this, they got the husband's money without telling him, without asking, look, they are picking up and bringing gifts and that is rare but it is quite common and vice versa too.  It is said that in cases where the wife spends her husband's money even in her own house, it is a theft. In a way, no matter how much your parents need, the wife cannot give money to her parents. Similarly, the husband too, the wife is her parents, the husband's money.  earns his butt  I can't give it to my parents, it's theft, many people think that I have earned it, it's my money, why should I tell my husband, I can do whomever I want, the money has to be understood that it has been earned, it has gone through me, but if you ever make it into a charger, then  Children also have a right in it. Now people will say, what nonsense are they saying? Children sit at home, they also have a right. I see that money is earned by making compromises in childhood, and that money is used for the children.  Big desires die and when a stage is reached in which the man grows meaner and wiser, his money goes away and the children go somewhere. Now he is spending such lavishly in childhood, that money also belongs to the children.  This is what they adjusted in their childhood. What do they call this? Barbie doll and one was a good one, some were less good, some were better, some had a toy, this was a robot, this was a car, this was an automatic one, this was a bicycle, this was a good one, this was a good one.  want to take one  If he had not taken it, he would have made her wish to have a child as well. He has made a compromise with the family only, so if we understand the money at the family level, then it is nothing like it. Children also have a right in this. It is okay, but perhaps they are not that much right now.  It seems that maturity will come now, but at least transfer the money to your husband's wife, but the wife has full rights on the money earned by the husband and the husband has the right on the money earned by the wife.  It is his full right and such is the family's right, now he does not care much about the money, how it has to be spent, it has to be spent, it has to be spent, it should not be wasted, so now even if the wife gives money to the maid, even if the husband gives money to me, he should go from the combined income only.  Okay, so who is giving help to whom? Idli speaking, today there is a rule of thumb which I normally tell in a normal job, 10 lakhs, 5 lakhs, 8 lakhs, our work formula is, try in a normal job.  What should be done is that all the wife's money should be saved, meaning as much as the wife is ours, now it means that the wife's savings should remain in the wife's account and the wife should become her owner, but I am telling a ball figure, so I take the husband's 2 lakh fan of the wife.  If there is one lakh, then there should be full savings of Rs. 1 lakh. Our wife should save it completely, so whatever savings you have to do, you have to invest money in it. Income tax has to be paid by you as husband and wife.  It is also important to check the liability of yours that all your savings are being taken up, both of them are taking a debt of Rs 1.5 lakh, they are also taking medical insurance as far as they can, they are taking house loan if they can take it.  So their ID combination rebate is being taken, now both of them have two lakh rupees each. In the best scenario for capital gain, both of them have name in the property and if it is sold tomorrow then both of them will be worth two crore rupees.  If you can take then whatever logic note in your investment decision and decision of spending money, buy in security, I do n't know, he will give it to his family members, he will leave me like this, he will leave me like this, there is a lot of in security and it is important to talk about money, you should never say this.  Don't ask my wife, I mean, these relationships are equal. Okay, did I give chocolate worth ₹ 500 to someone's child on his birthday?  It doesn't do, it's fine but the rough calculations should be rough because so many are going into your PF, so many are in your account, if your SIP is so much, then so many have been debited in demat, your insurance policy is going on so much, so I know you the rough math.  It should happen that my husband's money is going here, mine is going here, only then together you will be able to go towards a gold, there are certain stages in your life, you will be able to go to them when you want things, okay then you have to buy a car, you have to buy something.  Is  It took my wife's money but darling, it is your car and what a big hint I have given to the men today that I told them how big this psychology of women is, they should be shown that their inferiority complex is very satisfying because a woman should eat, what is there in life, right?  I will tell you the detailed video further, their struggle is physical, they have 5 to 6 days in their life, do you know what happens in a month, okay you go through date menstruation, that is from crime.  There are periods, then they have their own hormones and issues, then after that they are also doing a job, then they are also raising children, then they are also being judged on the basis of society, how is the man, how is the wife, how is the house maintained, is anyone together.  She does not judge any husband. Any man will come to the house and if there is a marriage in the house, then she will never be told whose house this is. They will become who is the woman, then woman is necessary everywhere, whenever she goes to the job. Bhabhi (sister in law) is sitting here to judge the man, hey there is the woman, I don't know how much she will reduce the output, ok everywhere the women are being judged, poor thing, ok poor thing, this is not the correct word, but she is being judged, ok if you know then we should know them.  A feeling has to be given that yes, all the men have to do this that you are a virgin and my house is running much better than that, we have financial stability and I support and we are taking your money, how much such a woman will like it.  That I earned 14 lakhs in a year, out of which 500000 rupees are in my SIP, I have FB worth two lakhs, I bought two fridges, this is a TV worth 50000 rupees, this one is mine and that is the boy's bicycle, the girl has something and she has a fat one.  He imposed it on him, you gave him 12 lakh rupees to live in Salke, the man will be like this that he doesn't know where he went, so the man has to keep his salary in such a way that his car is not known, okay, so my money went towards school fees.  So, those expenses should be borne by the man, it is okay that the woman should spend it here and there, and off course, it does not mean that the woman's ATC is being completed, your ATC is also not being completed, okay, that is stupidity.  It will be fine, if you are in NPS, both of you get NPS benefits separately for 50 years, then you have to look at your income tax, both of them should have the same savings, not that the wife's savings are being completed.  Yes, but he is not tax efficient and the husband is not doing anything of his own and his tag is also efficient, where he can save taxes to the government, he is also not saving, that is stupid but taking this balance to you, tell me how did you like the video, this kind of video.  How do you guys feel about sharing this thing in your friend circle and will give all such tips to you guys and money belongs to both of them, okay, what is yours, what is mine, okay, so it is husband and wife, okay, I don't know.  How many accounts, how many years has it been running with how many gems, how many births will it take in the future, okay, don't fuss about money, okay, that's what happens when you do n't maintain transparency, okay, if you do more for yourself than for money.  Both of us are happy together and the festival of Lakshmi ji is coming, so it is important to talk about Lakshmi ji. Thank you.