Hello friends, Gurgaon is a very important topic of real estate. Many people have been made fools. Bahuton is being made. People should not become future. There is a video for that. Please share this thing with people. It is a game to shift from commercial to residential.  I will not use that D word because budrudh has to be made, you yourself are becoming budrudh, come at the same point of time in the commercial when people are getting relieved, there is nothing in it.  If you get stuck here, then some commercial ones are going for this thing. Friends players, you know, have a portfolio of residential as well as commercial, so some of those who have such virtual space, some of the front shops have started the back shops.  The next shop did this and explained the issues and understood and after that an offer to shift to another shop comes, the man is stuck and doesn't do anything, now he will say what is wrong with this, he is getting exit, the problem is that when  If you go to residential, then you are adjusting on the inflated price. The same two BHK which is actually sold in the market for Rs. 98 lakhs, is quoted to you for Rs. 14 lakhs and the one you bought for Rs. 62 lakhs, you paid Rs. 45 lakhs for it.  If given then those 45 lakh rupees are transferred here and you have to give the rest here. Has this happened to you? Do you know with whom this has happened in your circle? Please comment.  It will be written in the section because of this that it will not happen that I am having such thoughts and this is not happening, not one, not two, not three, many players are doing this, I will not say that they are doing wrong if the customers because they  The thing that was given by putting a gun on the temple, no one is giving it, then someone came here and asked to buy the commercial, now he said, you don't like it, you are doing it willingly and with safety, how are you doing it, I have a commercial series, Six.  There is a play list of the video, I will give it in the description, I will also give it in the comment section, please go and watch it. It is on different things, people have got realization in the last one year, it also came under the series because it was very popular. And  Over a time people have also seen it on practical ground because sometimes what happens is that no one listens to anyone but when one goes there one realizes it, then everyone is realizing it because somewhere a commercial was sold and there is a flyover from above.  It has become like this that there is no activity happening since last one year. It is written on his penis that ' Coming Sun is coming Sun, this coffee guy is coming, this burger guy is coming, this shoe guy is coming, this mobile guy is coming, he is busy doing it, now he is taking it.  No, because ultimately those smart investors have become stuck because the normal retail Musaddilal who used to retire in Hisar, Jhajjar, Fatehabad and his money was  A bright boy or a girl or a son-in-law or a daughter-in-law used to get someone installed to give an exit. That system has stopped because of awareness and that awareness has been spread over the period of last one year. So what is the result now? Now those smart investors know what the game is, now they are being told that oh brother, you are not able to understand this thing, so do it like this and take our residential in this.  What is it that you will throw more good mani tu se your bed mani you are understanding somewhere virtual space has taken some 50 square feet 100 square feet 200 square feet something has not been understood what is happening there what is the calculation happening and that realization you After all, when you literally back the builder and he gives you the exact details in his residential, then you guys read it and feel relieved that yes, I have 45 lakhs left.  I have 60 lakhs left and the same thing for you is 18-20 lakhs which is costlier by 20%. So you can go with whatever is being set up in residential and your money that was stuck in commercial for one and a half to two and a half years, there is no accounting for it.  It is not good usmein, it may be that Kaiyon has played monthly games, it may also be possible that brother, you were there for 2 years but the month is your rent, people calculate the rent and then four punch.  Your rent will be reduced by Rs. 6 lakhs, you would have consumed the same amount of rent, how much rent will be left in 2 years, one and a half years, two and a half years, what you pay per month in the system, many people can reduce it by that much, but now they have chosen you there and have already imposed it.  24 25 The common customer who easily buys a flat worth Rs 987 lakh is being given a flat worth Rs 160-180. To avoid this, you have to do two-four steps: First Step AG Step 6  Videos have been made in the play list on different topics, there is different reasoning on SCO, there is different reasoning on this service of yours which comes inside the commercial only, but please make six videos like this, please go and watch them.  I will also give the playlist in the comment section description, it will give you a lot of clarity and after that, what have people done in the coming time, brother, I need stable income, I need stable floor, I got ₹ 5 crore from somewhere. So the commercial is because of the old syllabus, there is an investment of 20-20, the month of July has started, there is an investment of 20-20, there is no need to do rear view driving for the future, this is only past, you give the game, librarian and historian become the richest people game. Talking about investing, your librarian historian has everything you need about what happened, how it happened.  But Do Four Punch 10% Time dynamics are changing a lot in the future Commercial Gurgaon It will do well Today itself is doing well because there is nothing else around Tomorrow it will come again Footfalls will be divided D Come on D Kind of Commercial  The over supply is coming in your supply, affordable housing shops are not coming, your mall type is coming, there is a glut of office space, so all the things are not working like this.  Two Stopped Clock Syndrome is a video made. Stopped clock also shows the correct time twice a day. Go and watch that video. It is based on Base Rate and Probability, otherwise keep giving IAS exam. Don't you pass the IAS exam? Na 180, you have to see whether your child will pass when he has been studying for 10 years and 8 years, watching coaching, watching coaching, playing a game on probability, then this commercial is future and options retail investor.  It is not about playing, is money earned but they are different and that is Bandh Ghari Syndrome and there is no logic in this on which money should be earned, when to enter, when to exit, risk reward show is extremely high, commercial pay, I have also made a video of Reets.  I have made live investment and showed my knowledge. Brother, this is how you can buy real estate investment trust because they only buy the ones that are ready, listed out, popular and good in your commercial. If there is a safety mechanism, how much is your rental to them? 90% of whatever you earn has to be given to you as dividend. When you see some of the three listed now, you will see someone from us, who is from Gurgaon Central, it's from Brookfield.  Not a Recommendation As per education, I am just telling that every person has a portfolio, every style has a portfolio, which has taken up space, so one brother.  Sir, he has taken a lot of space in Gurgaon, he has taken it in Kolkata, he has taken it in Hyderabad, Pune and here he has taken the top one, Rakhi is from Bharatiya Airtel, which is doing well, it is good, put the money there, you put it there and this.  Let's take it and think that if mine is adjusted, then brother, yours is adjusted. You understand that the cold coffee foam has been sent to you in quantity as cold coffee. If you add it at the same stage like this, then I will not mind.  They will become yours and when they become mustaches, then you will go to the residential for cross change and say, brother, give us an exit, give us residential, anywhere, in any project, then that child, Puri, is thinking of some project, you, the remaining Puri, she.  You will be offered a project for Rs. 25 lakhs. Brother, you have saved it. The builder is not that bad. Look, we are donkeys and got stuck. Things did not work for some reason. What is his fault? What is the fault of the builder?  He said, this is commercial, it is very good, at this rate, I will make it on time. He made it before time and gave it to me, so you can tell him the mistake, neither can you tell it legally, nor can you tell Murali, nor can you tell him what he is doing.  What is happening is that brother, dynamics is there, you are supplying it, it is not coming, you check yourself, we promised a product, we made the product before time, made it better than what was said, now economics dynamics, supply and supply footfal GDP.  What is the name of such and such Dham in our hands and if you are feeling that brother, you are trapped, no problem, brother, we will catch you here in this tower, only then you have to right but you have to see if you want to approach.  Here I'll finish the video with this summary: Normal Retail Investors Can Stay Away Because They Are Same Products Other Things Other Asset Classes Where You Can Put Money But Commercial Real Estate  Specially in Gurgaon usmein 10 6 7 8 types of products are there. Okay, no CO is going to go in the sun, let the heat be so much, everything is kept in children's vairament, you see, I am June July now, what kind of chip is hidden and sticky, which issue is pushing out.  You keep eating, you tell me about the practical tea, I am telling the rest in details in the playlist, I have understood all the things well, please go and watch it and message him.  Please motivate and in one hour the entire playlist will be done, you will know everything, the front and back of the commercial will all be done under the logic already, he has brought quite a mini revolution type thing in the understanding of people's thought process, vande put mani but now time a  Got to understand her once again because she remains calm for many things and then he raises the ghost again. Okay, so it's time to calm her down again. There is more supply of this.  Commercial in Gurgaon in next one year than residential and I am talking of square feet only ok I am talking of square feet residential is less and commercial is more if it means it is 10 lakh square feet then commercial is 10 lakh square feet Take an example, it is worth Rs 8 lakh 9 lakh, so there is no need for so much commercial, the existing one is already very big since 2004.  Gurgaon was excluded in 2012 due to growth in population and was commercial because it started from a very low base. Even today, 29 sectors are lying vacant. I am talking about the best plot and you know the rate.  Where will you eat from because the products are sold on the basis of examples of the same, which used to be in one or two commercial districts, now it is of different types. There are a lot of commercial districts like this, yes there will be activity there, there will be something good there, but you should not take the risk, let anybody else buy there, NRIs are very fond of them, this is what I am trying to give a hint, NRIs are very fond of it and those who  Those people who don't live in Gurgaon are getting very worried. I don't know who lives in Gurgaon. Very few people are getting trapped because they know exactly what is happening. Some people from Delhi are getting trapped. NRIs are getting trapped and those who invest from outside Haryana or live in some other district, brother, take a commercial or let me tell you, I am the only one who is getting trapped. The shop in the front of affordable housing is the shop in the back upstairs.  Don't buy, it's ok, it's being sold at a very expensive rate and the quantity is very high, keep 170 dukanen on 800 flats, no one will come from outside to do shopping, portable camera is ok, so go by D Parameters  Facts Detailing What's Next End Please 3rd Time Request Last Anal Finish Playlist Watch Us Wali Thank You