That Hello friends, in the job series video number 6 Dealing with a Graceful Work Environment topic, the work environment has been chosen very carefully because in this the boss will also come, the kholi will also come, the work culture will also come, everything will come and in this for the first time from the job.  I am going to introduce a filter test in Associated, that is concept made job test so stay connected till the end, the takeaway is going to bring peace in your life, watch it with your wife whose  I have been married, whenever we talk about stress, I will touch only two aspects in it, today one is very ours, whatever job we do, the boss is the boss who gives stress and the power of juice to pay the boss' fees, it comes from.  One particular trait which will give you the greatest unpredictability ever in Bollywood. If you look at the balance, right from Sholay's Gabbar to whatever MS Word you do, you will be able to do anything in between as well as the diseases. People who have pimples have always taken their power from unpredictability, so if it is troubling you, giving you pain, then you subscribe to its unpredictability, suddenly you get judged in the office, a pattern was coming which you had never seen till date. Minutes they were there or used to talk in the same way, used to work in the same way, to drop it suddenly, are always on the back foot, work is different with ladies, that I will make it different for them, that's how it is with them.  What happens will be a separate video in itself. Today we click on gender neutral, then you start editing the unpredictability of a boss. The biggest thing is that it is its biggest weapon and I will give practical tips in that, so I will tell you.  How to stop this thing? If the boss has money-aggressive behavior, then call him, go alone and tell him that what you are doing is not right. Before doing this, you should know two things.  You have to keep in mind that whether you are an excellent anti-aging line or a very stupid person, he does not know how to work, he will never have the strength, most likely most of the people fold in the middle, so he is not practical.  I will tell you in the tips or how to put you through it. Another thing by which we have made our life hell is in our hands at the work place and we have made it ourselves but what is it? Switch sense of victimhood example.  I will tell you from the example of government. In corporate, you find your own example. Its quiet in corporate, I will tell you from the example of government because many of them come to me with astrology predictions of stress etc. and then things come out in those things, then when discussion.  If it happens, it is merging, this sign, this nominal, I have covered the reduction in my mind, it is happening in real life, you can tell me in the comment section.  You have to write 'Identify with Example'. If you want to write the complete line then other people will also know. Yes, something like this happens. Please participate. Vikas used to study with great emphasis on this topic. We will not get it on normal channel. This is an example of government job.  That an employee is unhappy because someone else's partner eats money, does not work, does Makarasana and scolds the boss, you bastard and this is reasonable and he is not  Getting Degraded You, he knows how to do a lot of work, he does n't even eat money etc. His cutting and this is a lot of trouble for the people, so one thing you have to look at carefully is that you understand the concept that if a man eats money.  So what is your problem that he is eating the money and you are not eating the money or can eat it or want to eat it, then you are afraid to see why you are not eating it because you do not have the opportunity.  No If this is the reason, then there is no reason to cry and if you have the opportunity, then you cannot cry about it, secondly, you are afraid of the implications that you will get trapped or you will have some issues, then you should not cry about this.  If you think that I will get trapped and I don't want to do it, then if this is also the reason then that man is doing his own separate karma brother Shirdi UB Dhawan Questioning His Life Style If you feel so much  If you have any problem then write a written complaint to him that Bharat Mata Ki Jai, my porter is messing up, if you do something like this then it's something like you are a vegetarian, someone is non-veg and you are busy, why should you send him kidney non-veg or you are God.  He believes that he is religious, it is his belief system, it is his belief system, it is his actions and many more, then they say to him that look, he is doing all such things and only one person is suffocating, his life is good.  This is going on, there is no problem even in liking, nothing happens and look in our life, even in personal life, immediately tell your mixing, you have started your life, do not have to compete with your own police, someone is doing sycophancy even in corporate. This is applicable even in government sycophancy, one of yours is open and you are not sycophantic and you are having trouble in sycophating him and you either don't want to do it or you don't know how to do it.  There can be two reasons for death, it can be that I don't know how to do it, I do n't want to do it, then it is your individual choice, with this you are giving yourself a kiss with this, either do it and if you do it, you will see that  What a flower and dimple, I have already made a video on sycophancy, I will make another video on sycophancy in job, if you want to understand and see Milana on that, then you can add to that also, after that my next one.  There will be a medical test, this is a concept of mine, you have to apply through your hearing warrant, we put a thermometer in the mouth to check what our temperature has reached, in the same way, there is a medical test in whose homes maids are used to mop the floors.  To do the utensils and Molu deal with their return and I am the one who has to see how much new she tolerates on average in your wife's life before she gives back reply to you.  And leaves and job, there is no need to check it clearly. An intelligent person would have known from the pattern that when your wife used to say so much, how much she would have replied in return, if the tolerance labels of your maid are very low than yours and you have set your total slabs very high.  If you have done this, then you yourself see what kind of life hero you are, what kind of job you are doing, that at the most difficult level, I would consider myself to be the lowest among all the people, but I would consider it to be very low because of the self-respect and salute of the team.  Madam, we would have been insulted, we would not have worked, we would have gone here and there, what is your compulsion or will you say no, I have come here after doing IT, I am doing M.A., I have come here after passing the government entrance test, hence this thing is taken unfair advantage of, crows.  Because you have increased your taxes, you have raised your own, you have to meet 19, I am telling you deep things, you have increased your taxes, you have increased your own, because you want a career, you are a plant, and you want to become something.  If you want, I have told you earlier also that whether it is becoming something or doing something or doing something, this is what is keeping us tied. Do you want me to make a video from BDO that gives freedom, how to do a job, please tell me 21-25 points on that. Tell people, today I will tell you two things: you should listen spiritually, do not be obsessed with testing your boss, the first thing is to go to office five-ten minutes before time, everybody. Of the Shudras, you come on time. Only when you come on time can you claim the right to go on time. There are many people who say that being late by 10, 15, 20 minutes, 30 minutes is inevitable and then they have to hide what is theirs. They have to sit for 22 hours even on a date in the evening and they get themselves stressed that you should leave before the traffic and go to your office first, you are working from home, login at your time, second thing boss.  If you want to test whether this person who is in my Bisar Egress is intelligent or Buddha type, there are two types of pores, one is the one who is also a hunter master, somehow the system has brought him there, he has a lot of capabilities. Most of them are not there, this will definitely happen in the government, it happens in government jobs also in packaged sentences, if it is not so, then how do you have to test it? Whenever you have to make a decision, you should give your boss an alternative by taking a lot of data.  By taking sources and making something on it, friends, Bigg Boss, tell me what to do, I should do this, this cream lasts a long time, I have to decide, this is such a spoon for any boss that you ca n't think, decision-making doesn't even happen, we Indians.  Right from buying a saree, buying a phone, buying a car, buying a flat, buying walnuts, we have this problem, we have the same country problem, only it becomes more problematic, it is absolutely zero address syndrome.  It is fun, you need strength to take a decision, the decision can also be wrong, so when you are using it for decision-making, then you will feel very powerful, there will be a lot of death and it will torture you in the form of this front. So that's the answer, see, he will take it Amit ji, you get the benefit of doing this work, you give me your number, then I will do the work, then you should understand brother, your competition is with the real Gabbar Singh and here the formula will be different which if you  If you are interested then I will tell you all those formulas also but mostly 90% chance is that you will get collected on your boss and he will say that you are smart by taking me and Tata and then ask him, you instead start giving work to the boss and not decision-making work. You can take him for work, he will catch you there and when you take it, your data is already ready, so you please give him two things, then he will ask for another thing and two more things, he is also ready for you, go and give it again.  In a few days you will see that the team will start changing, there is no point in working in a factory, let me tell you one thing about Indian organizations, then what is the condition of our country and yes I am not telling S8, what a bad thing in my heart.  I am showing something wrong. Why am I making this simple topic out of incompetence? What time should I make my topic? I am seeing a lot of stress on weddings.  I am seeing a lot in the family, on being able to bear the worthless debt versus a man who is lying on them, in 2842 years, the man who is not you, you people, who through the enemy, more meaning, we fall into ourselves and come to know that we become  If you can create such a situation then don't give me that I will serve the country, there it will be clear that your  The work of organization in life is nothing. Work is nothing but your life. He has made it like this in his life also in such a way that he is fine with the way his life is going on. Go and see and he wants to make you like this. You will say no, not all are like this, look how come not all are like that, so this video is not made for 5 cents Akshay boss or 10 % good work environment or 20 cents for getting good. This video or thing is also told which is broad.  being seen based  It is being made for her, so when this is happening to you mid-test, when you feel that brother, I can't misbehave with the maid as much as it is happening to me, then this is what is happening to you, isn't it?  Understand that if you are getting advanced cost, then there is an alternative for that. If you feel in this situation, my test of your workstation warming, then what should you consider as an alternative? Which parallel world should you create in your mind? How to create the world first in the mind and then how to create it on the actual ground, it will be very interesting, okay, so this is the video and the request is a little deep video, I have not revealed much, friends, give likes, little by little more on this.  Will keep discussing I want people to leave for peace and spoil sport live match Subscribe People are living a stress free life, nothing else if I get a lot of stress for six months and then I can change my life  That you were there for last 10 years but every Saturday and Sunday is being snatched from your life. If you work from Monday to Friday in June then your skin is the same person. If you like the video then share it thank you.