Ok the topic is how to sell your flat and property now the question is before you I answer this and you know this first of all before this there will be a topic why do you need to sell let's discuss beyond that how to sell that is a different thing but selling  Let's discuss why it falls, there is one reason, if there is an emergency situation, that is a rare occurrence, let's leave it aside, second is the purpose for which you took the property.  Its purpose is no longer valid because the time has passed, the property has depreciated, there is no future growth and you are in a position to sell it and buy it somewhere else. Whenever you decide to sell, which property should you buy before that?  Clear it quickly, it is very important, otherwise what will happen, I will tell people, look, when you have decided to sell, you will definitely sell, sooner or later it will be sold, I will tell you the tips.  I will also give it, but when suddenly the money comes, then if it comes in cash or it comes anyway, now people get so much tension about disposing of it, they don't do the homework, after that they take it anywhere, they take anything. Because as soon as he goes to pay the earnest money and then the registry comes, he immediately takes anything and if he does not take it, it would put a lot of pressure on himself, so you should be very clear about selling anything, whenever you decide to sell anything.  in a day Not selling in month, two, three months seems normal but many people are not able to sell even in six months or 10 months, that too I will touch so this is very important year and goal should be very clear that why I am selling it and sell.  After doing what do I have to do, many people think later what to do and then they keep asking, we have a deal, the money has come, you tell me what is it and then if they are not able to understand the things in it then they would have been like before.  Isn't it adjustment, we take it wherever we get it, a big mistake is being made wherever you guys get identification and power punch, a lot of good things, if new information is found, then write down PP, give R to things ID and PP, then if power punch  If it is done, then write the PP. Now we have decided that we have to sell. Sometimes what happens is that it is the parent's property. If both brothers and sisters cannot use it, then selling is inevitable and they alone.  Even Bhogi cannot go, there is no rent share, no maintenance, so this could be a reason to sell, another reason to sell, and it is possible that a very good opportunity is available in real time and you have to do it. What is the best way?  By the way, let me tell you that you book a property that is easy to CR, you have the money at 20, money at 40, you have the loan taking capacity also and you have taken it now you sell.  The property is comfortable because what people are doing is that I will buy it only if it is sold first, so the one who was thinking of selling it for Rs 1 crore may not sell it even for Rs 90 or may get stuck and the one who was thinking of buying it for Rs 20 will get it for Rs 40.  If this happens, the gap of 50 becomes very painful, then the property is not sold, this is also a big psychology, this is a fact, so I will now start how you need to sell a property first.  Thing when you have to sell any property The first thing what you need to do is which many people don't do is vacate that property Many people say yes rent is high 000 rent is coming 20 is coming 30 is coming 50 is coming, whatever is coming, I will keep taking it. When it is sold, it will be sold, it is not sold like this, valuation seems low, it is sold late.  And the rate is not good, I will tell you his reasoning, whenever a tenant is staying, he is giving you money. Do you want him to get disturbed? Every Sunday, Saturday's dealer is coming with the keys, some customer is coming with his underwear.  The women of his house are lying there - girlfriend, boyfriend, husband, wife, parents, old parents and he is going to your bathroom and seeing, the buyer will see this one.  There is a lot of misbehavior on the part of the landlord and in this misbehavior, the tenant, who is not only a traveler, but also tells the prospective buyer like this: No, no, he doesn't even have water, he has a feeling of revenge and is unable to do anything because many a times.  He will come once or twice, somehow you convince him or he is forced to say yes, but no one is the owner of the property for that time, he understands, the pace has been taken.  The right to stay there you cannot bulldoze your way into that you can come to see yourself once a month on the pretext of landlord inspection, it is written in the rent agreement separately but you are not like that you have been evicted for six months and those 15 people  Sometimes people come and think, why doesn't the dealer also take it? There is something or the other that happens, the tenant spoils something, this is not right in the colony, the society is like this.  Ask him why are you staying? Okay, so the first thing I hope is that someone is getting people's ID on this thing, so tell me what is this thing that is telling or is PP happening? The first thing is that among many people, you decided to sell.  And many people must have decided to sell and that is why they are not selling. How many such people can you tell? Many are getting PP. Thank you very much. Okay, okay, actually we meet the landlords. Okay, so people tell me.  I am practical  I will tell you things because I don't say, my self number one just likes it brother, okay so this is a basic thing, now I will tell you the second thing, many people will be troubled by this, but this is true, whenever you have to get some work done quickly and  If you want to buy tasali bakha in India then you have to pay a little more on the property dealer's brokerage. The lot in Haryana is also charged at 2%. You know this, you can take 2% now. They also charge. % It is not that some big asking for you approach good dealer of your area local area ok don't go to this 99 acre magic bracket waste of time ok this is waste of time 50 people will ruin your property whole world  Need Not Know Your Property Is For Sale This Is A Great Misconception The Reason I Will Tell You Because If Your Property Is For Sale  And it's been four months and it has n't been sold yet, so his fight has been defeated in the property market, they know this, brother, he has been withdrawing for so many days, your five 10 lakhs have been deducted, he is talking about a small property and there is also a big one.  More You Have to Be Little But Secret You Don't Have to Tell the Whole World It is not told like this because you told it to everyone but the tips that I am going to give further are not true, otherwise the property will come and we will see if someone will buy it. Otherwise, what you have to do is one or two maximum, do not tell any dealer more than this, how much one or two maximum, the good ones of that local area, don't go to some others, don't tell some big others, he is from that area and you are telling anyone.  Yes, his boy should be nearby, open the key in the office, now you offer 1.5 to the dealer and tell him that your raise is at 1, but I give you half percent.  I will give it to you if you sell it before that time and at this rate, this cut off rate, how to decide the rate of the property, I will tell you all, this is very interesting to you people, this is the rate, like you give incentive or give bonus to someone.  Also, there is something to achieve, if you are not able to sell it for so much then brother, then you only have one, then you have not done anything according to me, there is a tip, there is a reward, we give it to the waiter too.  If we give money to someone who does good work, then here people would have lost their lives even if they had to give one per share, that is why the property would not be released. Well, the dealer would know what kind of a person he is, they would consider one and a half per share very good because the syllabus would be short.  The big thing is that they do not understand how the property is priced. Tell your wife or relative to go to that area posing as a customer. The wife should note down the rate that is being told to you. The seller should note down the rate.  If the answer lies in between then someone is quoting something worth 1 crore 5 lakh to the wife as a buyer. If he is quoting you for 95 lakh then the answer is 1 crore. If it is a bullish market then yes you can.  Gate 1.010 2 If there is a bearish market then 9796 lakhs towards the lower part this is a thick ball pak figure this is one second thing if you have to sell a property its ram  I am the solution giver in the bond and if anyone gets a PP on this then you can write me a PP because I am bringing something from deep within, through paid consultation, you don't want to sell in normal times, okay you will.  Sell ​​a property. Who has a property? A person who does not own any property cannot sell it. If you have six or seven properties owned by your parents through lets, someone is an owner, someone is a flat, someone is a plot, and of course you are not.  Interested in selling because you need not sell it as you are. Even if the rent is coming, you have to sell that property every quarter to get the rate and note down that rate and if four quarters is one year of the property.  If the rate has not increased even after 5 rupees, that means now is the time to sell that property. Especially today in the bull market which is real estate cycle up, your property will not depreciate in a year.  If it is happening then it is the time so that you will get realization of rates. How much PP will be there? On this matter, people of 56 sector Gurgaon had heard 1.6 CR rate, when their property will become 1.2 CR, they did not even know because they did not monitor.  Have you ever heard that brother, the one next door to us has sold 1.6, so give me Ajum's 1.6, the property is not less, he never wanted to sell because of this. They had taken a loan of 10 lakh rupees, 1.6 would be happy, 30 32 Haj, when the rent comes, they are happy, but now that society is getting old, there is an issue in it, the tenant calls daily, there is some issue, it is not fun anywhere else, Shapar ji Palan.  Yes or the rest of the projects I will be telling about today's webinars, if you try to sell it, then you come to know that if you become a 20 person then you become a parrot of someone who has heard a 60.  If it was Rs 160 then did it go from Rs 160 to Rs 12 in a day? Does any property lose Rs 0 lakh in a day? Does it lose in 6 months or years? The properties which peaked before November 2016 have fallen from.  That by 15 to 20 but in the next five years see the kind of opportunity loss that will judge what happened in the life in which you yourself are living then it is a good thing.  I am living in it myself, not selling, what to do, it is going up and down, but just imagine, if you had more awareness of real estate, you would have known what is happening in life and you would have been monitoring every quarter and making graphs.  This rate is the actual rate at which the customer is ready to give the money. You do not have to sell your money. You can quote Rs 5 lakh or 10 lakh and go away. You do not have to sell it in three months. It does not take any effort for you to do this one action.  yes among these  You can use magic bricks to know how many times does the owner call you. Put any rate when you don't want to sell then put any rate. This is a big big big learning for people who want to sell. Because one you want to sell, then it goes to the seller. Hey sir, the market is down, it is not selling. Amit Sangwan made a video of my one. They are buying all the old ones, they don't write anything. This is what people say in the market. Taking my name from Gurgaon, I am telling the awareness now, my little more videos will come on in which a lot of this is going to happen in the market in two-three years and what is going to happen to the rates, I will tell you and many more in this webinar. Record I will be telling certain things ok many are getting PP so you monitor the rates as per which customer is ready to cut the check that is your rate otherwise you will never be able  To sell, you will keep thinking in your mind that I have one crore 35 lakhs and that brother, the market is not offering even a single rupee to him. Tell me, old man, how many of you know the rate of scrap paper. Now how much does one kilo of newspaper paper cost?  Please type in the admin section below, Don't write right to host, please write right to admin. If someone has sold newspaper scrap 10, 15, 20 days ago, please tell me the rate. Those who don't know, don't write to DK. Those who don't know, okay now look at the replies I am getting, I will tell you myself. First of all, tell me the truth. I don't know, I don't even buy newspapers, otherwise would I sell them?  Don't read newspapers okay because they are all paid news they are advertisement in fact okay you should also not read okay it's a waste of time but the numbers given by you guys let me tell you what  Vinod Arora ji of the newspaper has 12 rupees Pranshu Bansal ji has rapped Urmila Rani ji Kush ji has rapped Arun Sari 18 Rahul ji has 10 Sumit 14 Urmila ji has again revised it to 11 Akshay Makan 12 Kamal Kishore 12 and 14 Silver  Bharme Jaa scored 30 runs, 5 runs, Aman Narula 15 runs, Harpreet 12 runs.  You are seeing this, Lavla ji has written 15 kg English, meaning if it is an English paper then it is expensive. I did not know that the rate of English and Hindi is also different. Someone said 7, so you are seeing how much variation there is in the newspaper.  If it is Rs 1 to Rs 35, I remove it as it may be a mistake, but between Rs 10 and 18, you are writing in a newspaper, when we have the problem of how much it will be sold for, I  I wanted to show you people the live beauty, it is okay that you have made the variation of 80 rupees on the newspaper, so where will the 18 rupee one be sold, the 10 rupee one will not be sold for 10 rupees, what an idiot, I don't know the rate, that's why I am telling you, I really am.  Don't know is fine but if the person with 'r' is actually 18 then he is being cheated and if the person with 'r' hears 18 and is actually 12 then he is being cheated.  So this is now there cannot be so much variation between places that in Karol Bagh it is sold at 18 and in Sushant Log in Gurgaon the variation of junk in the market can be at 10 20 but this cannot be at 80. Many people are happy. It's okay, many people are happy, so you understand, you don't have to ask someone, it's very important, you don't follow the selling price over.  Period of years: If you have inquired about your property four times in the last six and last 12 months, then that is one method. What is the other method? People do the valuation from the bank, whatever valuation comes out, add 20 to it.  Now you will know the fair value, if the bank calls your property a rip off then it should be sold for around Rs 120 or there is another second way for this you will have to pay Rs 000.  Will have to spend 5000 Have to spend Got it, this one thing is ok So this is one is ok So now since I have decided that I have to sell a property The first thing what I do is I get him to vacate the house Second thing I  Contact to Good Property Dealers and Offer Them % Bonus Commission Feel like working with them from inside Will feel like showing the keys again and again And what this additional % does is  Again it's a trade secret which I am revealing is that property dealer can now contact any other property dealer and tell him that if you have a customer then tell me your %. You have to see that there is a math formula that the square of 2 is 4. 2 x 2 is 4, 1 x is 2 but when the cube comes, the cube of x is 8, the cube of x is 27, the cube of four is How much is a cube? It is 64. Okay, so when a dealer, this is your dealer, this is another dealer or this is a buyer's dealer, then this buyer's dealer meets the seller's dealer and a deal is made. This is a normal transaction but if there are so many people in the market, if this seller is your dealer, you have told him 1.5, now this guy will contact, this guy is in touch with Duniya and tell.  Mama's son, you will also get Pf. It is not the buyer who is contacting him, he is being contacted by the buyer's dealer. But now this guy has incentive, this guy is getting the same, so your telephone wires are connecting and this is your chance.  Increases 50 Times for the Deal to Happen I Have Increase the Brokerage Charges When I Invest in Our Group Good deal happens I have choice to choose the customer because I came to this guy now this guy is taking on and offered one to some buddy else who himself is now getting other people so that chain reaction increases Nuclear fission and fusion  Reaction: Have you ever read about fusion in physics? How many of you understood this thing? How many?  Off someone got some PP, now you will say that he increased it, so it went out of my pocket, oh brother, we will take it out in the price, we will take out a better price from it and further you keep listening, okay, keep listening, you are right that I made two out of one.  When you go to a nice restaurant like I go to a barber shop, I pay a tip to the barber, it is okay, the money given by the company is fixed, so I give it to him separately, then first of all, no matter how many people are standing there, he greets him like this.  is that  As if I am a man sitting here worth Rs. 1 crore but he treats me the same way, I am so special because he knows that he will tip 50 rupees and every time he will make me jump the line because time is money time is money so now  He would come and say, Bhai Saheb has taken membership of us or will tell any story, so in India, if you speak on your own, then it is not ethically correct, I leave it to you the question.  That is, if you tip someone at the table in a restaurant, here and you go regularly then you will get an extra thing, so now from that I will tell you how to find out its worth, I will tell you that if I give you half a percent as brokerage.  If he is giving more, you have to pay, then how to withdraw, one thing is simple, if he gives return at Rs. 12, then if one thing is given at Rs. 1, then it is the same for me, if my deal is for three months.  It is getting late and if you hurry up by 3 months then you would have saved Rs. 3. If you calculate the cost of funds at Rs. 12, which is done by our edge investors in our group, but even if you go with the value of Rs. 6, you will still be able to save money.  So that is also done, then there is a delay of three months, miss it has costed you 1.5, so when you are telling him that I will give you more at Rs. 1, then you are placing your conditions in it that you will give me more in one month.  You will have to get the deal done, you will have to get it done at this rate, you will have to get it done like this, you will have to get it done that way, so all his loyalty should be with you, like what is it, you must have seen many times even lawyers get mixed up in cases and you do n't even realize that I have filed divorce cases.  All I see is that the boy's lawyer got together with the girl or the girl got together with the boy and you kept on negotiating that I want a cheap lawyer, cheap will cry.  Every Time Will Cry Once These Are Big Things We Am Telling You This Is Not Only Real T Related You Have To Have A Good Guy What Ever You Do Yes It Will Come At Judge Price But You Have To Be Very Sure Of What You Gain  Out of it or you have your terms and condition so next time when you have a lawyer and you give him money you say I  I will give you better money than this, but you give me this, so many people are understanding this thing. Many people are writing PP, so first of all, what did you do? The first step was to evacuate. The second step was that you also informed the dealer.  I will give you a date. The third step is that you have to inspect that house with your wife as if you are going to buy it and you have to resolve all the small defects which are visible in the taps.  or open water  No change is coming Two steps Is there a leakage somewhere Change That's the whole house Fresh paint Everything will cost you But I'm going to tell you certain good things How they increase the valuation Okay we feel like this thing we will spend  Neither will this customer notice what he is taking and it is going out of my pocket and the price of some property is going to increase a little even in between the brokers and dealers.  They are also such donkeys, they don't guide them, they think what to do, the brother who is going to buy is the buyer, he sees everything and his wife sees everything, the condition of your commode has become very bad, change the commode and that.  But put a foil that your mirrors are brand new. Replacing the old mirrors costs Rs 25,30,35,000. Almost all the mirrors will be changed during Hajj. Bathroom mirrors which include  The shape of the old one is not visible properly, it is a small one from the old times, put a big one, it costs only Rs. 000, get your paint done properly, all the old cupboards in the house from the old times are in brown or dark color. It is okay, if the polish is very dark in color, then it must be a high quality thing, so you can get it done, but if you assume that it is in that dark color, then buy fresh light colored mica and stick it, it is not very expensive.  I want to tell you but square  ft rate is not very high it will not cost you more than ft 8000 just to stick the one and it gives a brand new feeling ok so this is the one you have to now which is in the area where you have curtain rods etc. Remove all the curtain rods etc. from that area because she has to come as per her own wish. She looks very shabby. Take them out and paint them because who is that nowadays?  There are also curtains that can be pasted in the middle of the window like this, it will give a feeling of space to the whole house. Please paint it in white. Many people have either the old wall or the one which was made green or has a butterfly drawn on it. Maybe the house looks very small and there is no use. One second, please buy furniture from paper fry, which is a category of furniture. Buy something in between three categories, A, B and C, B and C. 14 You get good beds for Rs 15 lakhs, install those beds, your expenditure will be Rs 1 lakh, within that the end-of-life property means it should be above Rs 1.5 crore. To do this, it is okay not to do this work in a property worth Rs 25 lakhs, if someone  And speaking of the city, I am talking about Gurgaon, the uniqueness, freshness and newness that will come in it will enhance your property and will help you in the session if that person is biting you a lot.  So you will say that friend, my furniture is only worth this much, you will give it a little boost and you will say, then I will remove it, all this will not be available in your deal, so you are making a deal, isn't it okay if your fans have become old, then you will see a lot.  I have a fan that is crooked please change them. There is a fan of 1200 to 000. All your lights should not be on at all. When he comes and checks, whenever he checks, all the lights should be on.  The covers that come, I am not saying that it will be expensive to change the switches, but the covers that come are very cheap, after changing them, it looks completely fresh. I have calculated everything on this, an additional amount of one and a half to two lakhs.  Expenses Total I am telling all the things ok Can make your valuation go up by 5 lakhs and can help you sell it immediately Any shabby looking where the tiles are so old  It has become so dirty that in which corner, where it is under the sink, open it like this and change all the tiles of that area. One tile costs Rs 4.50, the installer charges Rs. 500 feet if you change even the tiles. It will not cost you more than Rs 30,40,000 for the house and all that furniture seemed to be very spacious. These are the corners of the bathroom. How much does a bathroom cost?  It is 40 square feet, it is 500, it will never be there, there is a vent a little bit overboard, the bathroom below is 40 feet, the one below is fine, there is a lot of dirt in the corners, well, that mesh of your bathroom has become old.  The key comes in 608. Keep it brand new. There are 1 such things which I can make you write. Now, if I write in this webinar, it will end only in that, but you can also write as much as you want. Do that much, I am saying this, just like I am saying, do this, do that, do that, but do at least 50 things which are going to cost you a lesson, and do that at 00.  So when you do this, slowly and gradually, the women of the whole house will become better. The entry you make from outside, how is your door, if any things are chipped, wood is chipped, it is also repaired.  These are small things, when you repair them, the house will become such that you will think whether I should sell it or not, it will give good rent, your house will be better, do this and you will find better valuation, okay now what you do is valuation.  I told you the formula and how you have to do it. Okay, so you enter the valuation. You have already checked that when I have to sell, what do I have to buy next? Okay, coming.  The customer should choose a rate in his mind, this will become its own topic for negotiation, which I will do in a separate webinar sometime, the meeting that will be held is a half-hour meeting, so in that, even if you are a buyer and a seller,  Teach ok S Guru's how to behave to get the best deal Your M is not to cut off some buddy that if you rob him and get a deal with M then how to keep that cut off mentally  I will make a part of that but in selling a property, you have taken the rate from the dealer, you have fixed it, you have removed all these things, after that you should know the latest about the deals that have taken place in that area, if only in your area.  It happened a month ago, so go and see what happened to him and if you get to see the condition of his house, then you will like nothing because what do people do about the house which was worth Rs 10 lakh, think about the land which was built 25 years ago. There was a rate and material was also included in it and the builder also earned profit. So think about how much material would have been included in it and if the flat itself is worth Rs. 1 lakh then what would have been more than Rs. 4 lakh in it. He also made a profit of one or two lakh  You must have earned the rate of land also, so now those things will be as per what they are and yes, where there are floors of chips and this is there, you can increase the valuation of that flat by spending Rs 5 lakh.  This is called flipping of properties. It is a very common practice in US. People in India do not understand it. People in US do not understand this. I also tell this as a career choice in my consultation. You people can go for flats and houses and properties.  They are in dilapidated condition but the location is good and no one is buying them. You can buy them at very low prices and sell them in very good condition by spending very little money. In this, I have bought my trees.  Today I am revealing a lot from the consultation, in today's webinar it is really worth it for what ever you paid, in it you can do what is done in the US, you buy a house and then spend six to 10 months on it, a lot of work is done on it and a lot of profit.  What is Earning on India in India if you buy you will incur buying cost of 7 per re and you will give brokerage also on and you will have  To sell again you have to give brokerage, at 10 only the overhead cost comes, now you have to invest 5 more on the property, but at 15 it becomes too much. To get that from a new client but what I have. Been suggesting people who are doing startup in this and they came youngsters the i and i suggested that i do consultation for startup  Also so the idea I gave them was that you do a deal with the guy, listen brother, if the property is sold in three months, otherwise we will take it, now we will spend on this property, we will get this rate from you, now for how much will we get customers or else  If he understands what I told you, then you tell him the model I made is that you will read the house and give an estimate to him for 5 lakhs, you earn 1 lakh and a  Half a lakh, all those things which you will take, number carpenter and all these, they also earn money, this means they also, if some buddy is handling it and you, he will tell you the end, sir, it will look like this, this is the photo, this is how your house, cupboard will look like this.  The bathroom will look like this, give me Rs 5 lakh and give one month 's time or you do one thing, sell us the property for this much and we will sell it for this much, then don't say that this is so much money.  Why is he giving so this is something that is now catching in India, it is okay because people do not know how to sell, because what is the car, you have to sell it, so hey friend, if you are selling the car too, then if there is a problem in its clutch. If its brakes are faulty or its seat is shaking a little, won't you get it repaired because the next guy will start driving as soon as he sits, there is a problem with his clutch, otherwise the brakes will not be sold, then why do you think that I am in the house?  If I get something done for one lakh or two lakh rupees then it has gone into the pit, it has no value, the next one will get it done and will bite more from you and some times what will happen is that the choice made today is to make people look good, they will not buy it.  Another Thing What To Tell For Daily People Daily People Are Doing Something Very Wrong Now Unse Mistakes Ho Rahi Bahut Rohenge Woh And Kuch To Ro Rahe Hain Plot Unka Koi Ejli  I don't buy it, it is very expensive, I am short of cash, so the builder calls them that I will build four floors here, you take this much, give me the money, do this. Now what is happening over the period of last one year and I have many cases.  The input cost has increased so much that the builder is not paying the money, so there is no clean transaction in this case because the plot is already there, so we will do it without any hesitation and whatever you have done for your property.  If you have made an agreement, it becomes a legal case and he is not able to give it. So if you are a daily guy, please sell your plot in one go. You tell the builder not to put me in trouble, you will do it like this, you will do it like this, tell me how much will my plot cost.  He is taking it even if you have to sell it cheap for 10,20,30 lakhs because if you get trapped then just imagine, interesting thing and funny thing, the plot is yours, the deal is done, he is building the house and is demolishing it.  He is making stilts, he is building a house, he promises you to pay some money at this much and he proposes to sell, if he stops building then neither can you live on it nor can you buy that plot from someone else.  It is possible because after the agreement and all the work is done, then only you are stuck with the builder and the builder is also a bit domineering type of man, I feel scared that he also has sons, you will not be able to get the solution. Okay, so don't make this mistake. Daily Commercial Plot  Any  If you want to sell something, tell me brother, take this one today or this one for me, if you are not interested in playing these games, then you become the builder, you tell me friend, but if you become a builder, then there will be no money.  So I will cover this thing in the next topic on REETs, in this one we can stop the recording, it is okay, we will not get the buyers of Old C CGHS, now I will be covering it off the record, okay