Hello friends, this is a video for the employed people, I want to learn one thing which is a little bit intimidating, but it is also important to learn. To benefit from your subscription, the topic is a trick which will enhance your dedication. You may just be impressed by it.  I have learned this trick from the sad souls who work in tree consultations after seeing the job and people have benefited a lot, so I am teaching this trick to you all. Now forward this video of learning this trick.  Don't do this, these are my lawyers who have subscribed, who come after seeing the notification and say, 'Man, every time I get something new for takeaway, I come for takeaway because after hearing it, I will take something, it's okay if Crime Master Gogo has come.  There was a dialogue in the movie 'Kuch le jaunga na nahi kuch hai, what will you get? See what is that trick. He heard that. If you are a employed person, then is this the trick? I have seen that every employed person, whether in a government job or in a corporate job, should be on leave.  When someone struggles to ask for leave then he feels as if he is behaving as if he is not asking for leave, he is asking for a kidney, it is just that he gets on his face that now you will go to someone and say, Sir, can I have yours? Actually, there is a problem with my lift kidney. If you want, then you will get such a surprise by doing this, there are many more of that one. If you are interested then please write in the comment section that yes friend, my bus also makes me look like this. like joe  You have not asked for your own leave, you have not asked for that second, okay, if you want to write, then what do you have to do, when you definitely do not need leave and when you see that there is a big shortage in the office, okay and  Something is going to happen, okay activity, you know, any math ending, air ending, any big thing, be it government jobs, be it private, you have come to know, then by going to that time, you know before that, that time is going to come to that, and till now  She is so much in the eyes of the office  The bus is in sight but it is less tight, it is on time, so you go to the bus first and tell it, Sir, I don't need three days leave, it has to have two-four things on time, only two things have power, it is ok either happiness-  Will it give you happiness or not? It will be anything, it will be one of two or three things, you don't need leave, so why ask for it, if you don't want it, this is what I am teaching you, I am teaching you bullying because it is necessary, a little like this. This is a thing to be learned, don't share videos.  There are many videos of bullying, I myself am not the only one, you will not find any creator on YouTube, don't lionize me, I also want to lionise, those lionisers are different videos, it is okay because many people have lionised these, so then it is a secret.  Will be out, neither do I want it to get more than 10000 views. Sitting quietly, try yours. Tell him that even when he agrees, his soul will find peace in the story that he tortured you.  So it was not supposed to happen, did he agree or will he agree? Okay, go away, then when she is about to fall on time, then he will come to you and say, friend, you are going on leave, it is okay and this is wrong.  Or don't you want to do something or you yourself should go all the way, you should not say sir, this activity is this low, I am not able to understand that I should be comfortable going, meaning of morality, you are going in a good time, you need leave, you will speak friend.  By applying Guru element, Guruji Bank, you are teaching to lie. In life, mercury element is also awakened. These days, there is definitely a Guru in the world. Only Guru is teaching, I am not teaching wrong. This system that has become, all these systems are there.  In this India, you finish your work in less time, you are very good in productivity, very efficient, it is not worth a penny, in our system you will either be given more or less, it will be thought that whatever less you had done, you will get more.  Less  Benefit will be given from it and every person should do Shyan Bank Kam on this page so that neither more nor fired from job nor get more less and one pleasant thing is less then when we know all these things then talking openly is never wrong.  It is important to maintain your own sanity, to grow yourself, to take care of your family, it is never wrong to think about your elders and in this you are not harming anyone, you are definitely being clever. If you tell about morality also then there will be no harm.  remained  The organization is not incurring any loss. The bus is not incurring any loss. No individual employee is incurring any loss. You are just earning your living like this. If it is not like this then reduce yours. Tell the bus sometime. Make a presentation and  Tell me, I didn't make this up, I didn't make it, I am nothing, no one does it like this, everyone does their own thing, so if you want to learn this thing at that level, then there are people in my tax team who can help you in corporate.  How to survive a job, how to survive his job, he can give very good consultation, if you want that concentration too, then you can connect with the number given below, the fee is quite reasonable, that is, my personal fee is very expensive, don't do consultation with me, I am very much like that.  That's more but I have told you that my team will do the best in these certain think things but I also come at a very reasonable price so if you are struggling with office politics. Struggling with all these things, struggling with all these things, struggling for promotion, not understanding, want to change job or want to start something or anything related to job, not getting a job, which sector should I jump into?  If there is a race, if I change the place, then other decision making is special in D. Private job is ok. If you want to do it, it is ok for government also, I will launch it now but for private, I will launch it.  If it is okay for vertical experts, then it is okay for team experts, if you work in a private job and there you are surrounded by fans and you have to make your face smart, are you harassed or anything related to job and job decision? Please subscribe to the one given below, I am opening a new one, just an info group, it is new but this job is related to this job, you will get material for it, you will get some free way towers or  If you have to gather at one place for consultation, then you can have so many dates here, what will happen is that instead of a concentration, one on one can be done by those who are about to retire, but there is also a general guidance on how to do that baby naz in the job.  You will also get to attend what I will bring from the exports industry, it is okay for you, I will also put some of my money in it, it is okay for you people, I will bring that also, so please, this trick which I told you about, is like this.  There are dead thousand tricks, there are dead thousand tricks, the saree itself will not come and be told for free, you can understand, it is okay for you, you can live like a very innocent mind, you can reduce the big shame with the comfort of mother and I mean anyone in that.  Meaning, there are many people who say that I am great but no one can see me, okay then you are not great, you are a fool, okay, now this life has to be shown to you and you have to understand it and in this you have to use these words very intelligently. played a smart note  Okay, cleverness, Vikam, a little negative, what am I, that you are putting it on someone else's shoulder, Murali is incorrect, although people are doing a lot of it, but that karma bill come back is fine and hit you changed, but intelligence must be there in power.  What is that you are smart, you are not scolding anyone, you are conducting yourself very well, so that conduct is correct, you do not scold yourself, you do not face other obstacles and  Hurdles in your career growth because it is too easy to eat. Hey brother, don't become an entrepreneur, you have to do a job too, you have to do it for many years and a job takes up 8-10 years of your life, not 8-10 hours, but a lot of your time space in a day.  Because they are connected to the office and stay on the phone, you travel, commuting to the office is also a part of the office, so it is a good 12 hours but the average Indian office is good.  Everyone is taking out these 12 airs in 12 half years. There is no mental Shiv guidance here, some guru's advice is needed, friend, how to play the game, whether it is a game of cricket or badminton, you need a code when you were to study in school, how to study, good marks.  How to get it, then you need a teacher, coaching, tuition, this arm is a cashew nut, all these are open, all these are needed, you don't need a system, so brother, what happened that you did not get the job, now you have guidance, your guidance is in your job.  The one who is doing the job which is directly affected by you will not teach you intelligence. Who will teach you intelligence? Papa ji will teach you. He had worked in a different system at some other time and in a different system. He has no idea what is happening now. So now there is someone like this.  If yes is not in the system, then I am now bringing the experts who are in the system and this practical will benefit you, you will enjoy and you will feel empowered that this is possible because of me. Find people conducting sales in a very professional manner and it does not mean that the bus is an enemy, you have to show yourself in such a way that you are there like in the movie where it is said, Na Pathan type Pathan mouth mein time tu get Pathan meaning Sambdi movie ke  I am telling in the contact that you are so dependent on Sambdi ji, Jain's brother will not do well without him and then he will give you the entire Khali Chhath, what kind of organization has he built, is there anyone in it?  Organization is not necessary for talent, so I will help you on respect in your organization. You are connected, for that, connect openly, keep learning well, keep on adding, there should be some big long concentration too, there is power.