Hello friends, welcome to job series, today's topic for video three is work life balance, I am getting a lot of love in this series, I am getting very good feedback, I will keep reducing the size of the videos, will add a tablet and will increase the number of videos, soft you guys.  Digest it well, the first one was of 20 minutes, the second one was of 11 minutes, I will shorten it further, I will tease one SP at a time, it is a journey, till the video in the 10th time, you will get a lot of clarity in Amritsar. So for those who haven't seen the previous two, I will leave their links. Watch them first. Don't leave them in your purse. A pattern is being followed. Slowly and gradually the answers will start having sex. So coming to today's topic, work life balance, this is a very good English. Listen, there are many people among us.  It is said that there should be work life balance, so what is work life balance? Work life balance is nothing. This yagya of Illuminati is some rave factory, peanuts are cracked to make people pass tight.  There is such a thing, there is no such thing which does not exist, there is no use in fixing it because it does not exist, then how will it be found because it does not exist, I will tell you a little about it and explain it separately with my example, okay  In my life, I have done a lot of high stress high school work in which high wrist was also involved. Okay, so after doing all that work, I have done one such work in which balance has to be maintained the most and it takes the most life and the work begins.  you guys  Must have also done and you I don't know whether you do agriculture or not. Special men mails special emails from that work. Okay, what is the situation of your body's trail, the water is over, the snow is over, how is your wife, so it's yours.  The charge is at a distance of 10 feet by 12 feet, the fridge is here, you are given the task to take that trail and fill it half with water, trust me, because madam is watching you, it is okay by doing this, now you have to fill the entire water, which is in the decade. you do the work of  You have to take it without spilling water and then you have to open it without spilling water, then until you put another train inside it, you will not be able to come to life and what are you doing the whole time that is trying to balance that. Never in life you try to balance and think it's President Zail that the whole channel is knowledge and this knowledge inspired from our 10,000 year old life which I told you as an example will not be found anywhere. In The Very Effective Trying To Balance In This Leads Towards Itself Rest Balance Will Be Or Will Not Be That Is A Different Thing Someone Gave Us Tears For Electronics In Life That That 15 Grams Five Planets Is Not Only This What Is Indian Knowledge To Life?  What did you say that there is a difference and if this is life then it is network, that is not life, it may be long, it may be dead, it may not be alive, it may be a human being, and apart from this, if it is life, then brother, there is no life left or half an hour of work.  You will do and practice, it will take time to come and go, you will not have to go to work, you will have to switch on hair, you will have to save money, then you have to eat food, so what is left and on Saturday and Sunday WhatsApp will come, college presentation will come, task will come. And the one who reaches college 8:00 9:00 10:00 What is that work, this is like life, where do you like nothing and many classes are also life because you make them aware of work for life, then like some children.  There are live events, whatever work we don't get, there is purity in that too and how many cancers there are in our life, calculate if you look at 5250 in one year, then thousand in 20 years, it's just like, what time will you leave, separate work and life.  -Don't think differently that you have thought of life as rice, you have thought of life as milk, then as per the taste, the taste in rice is not as good as in milk, but the taste is that when I eat it instead of like this, I don't know who.  Like  What is it, you will eat it, I will tell you the best, what to do, entertainment is not working, Samsung is ok, it is taking time, I will give it to you of your life, that is ok, then we have to make it in life, brothers and sisters, then we have to make Shahid Kapoor's contribution also ok. What am I, the color of sherbets, if you open yourself to me, the water of the sweet ghat, then it will become a matter, we have to make 256 conditioners of the grandsons, make the water of the sweet ghat and say, what mistake?  You will get it, I will keep giving you clarity about what to do, in that you should understand it carefully that first of all it is not a matter of money, remove the ghost of banner, nothing like this happens in your life, there are many such boxes which make going to the house to the wife seem like work.  And till then it seems like a life to sit and we gather in the office to discuss with him and he shows that he is working but it is one's life and until he turns your class into a life, then you will have to live with him. You  You will be in the fifth ODI because you all feel that it is work for them to go to their wife or the wife because in a senior position, everyone is tired of all this. I am also a man and if one wishes to reach the position, it is equal to the wife laughing at the husband.  So many people shy away from their home, now they don't have any work life balance. Kumar did something to pass the time by sitting on the computer screen to stay away from his wife and if he does something then he will die. This is a block, you all have to quiet it, it doesn't have to do with work life because we don't know who will make work for whom, they have made it like, what are you looking for, I will tell you from where you will get peace, because when there is work life balance, you will get peace, you will get peace, you will get this  Note down the term, then cat, TV, my tablet, learn, find the tablet, subscribe, school, tobacco, happiness, prosperity, stability of place and its civility, keep in mind that if your job keeps you moving around a lot, then you will be able to find work life balance for many years. Because your energy gets spent in getting settled, in getting approved, in getting settled, in getting approved, got the children admitted, then removed the fat of money, the children are also unhappy, now I am giving this clarity to those of you who are already trapped in this thing.  I will give you a cigarette. You must have seen it in a video, otherwise it will be long. I had promised to keep the number short, I will tell you to the office, if I touch you, this is the syllabus. The chapter is going on like the syllabus of the book will end.  You will reach the chapter with enough clarity to understand how to unite those who are stuck in such a situation and those who are doing a new job should remember this chapter that brother is making me change the city in some profile by increasing the number to 2030 ₹ 40, avoid this.  One, find your work place, depending on which place you are from, Indian, South Indian, kinship, Karmaveer and minute, takes care of you, take care, catch the place, mind automatically, tempered glass, opposition, a lot of things are yours.  If you put all the vegetables in the question of life, then it cannot be solved, just like any question given in math question, to solve it, we need some constant, so bring constant in our life, keep stability of place in your life, stability from it.  Your mind will come and then you will see life itself and colors, the sweet ghat water of sherbets or the kheer made by mixing milk and rice.  It is in the same thing, don't separate it, people say that life is different and personal life is like this, it is not like this, we do not have a switch, your wife has sent the blast to MR 's office, by abusing, fighting, quarreling in the morning, any things are justified.  If he is fine, then such a situation does not happen in the office and the boss has whipped you and humiliated you so much that he came to your house to vote, I love you all, that's how it ended.  It doesn't happen, you all also do not know that dry history, I will give clarity on physical and technical tips in future videos. In this, only this belt system was crushing me that work life balance is not a thing, do not learn it because it does not happen.  What is there and what happens, instead of this today I told about stability and what happens and how to fix it, I will tell you in future videos. You must like and share it. Thank you.