Hello friends, what do you deal with toxic people? Now as awareness is spreading in living, people with all these terminology existed earlier also but now names are being given to these things so that you can understand things better in your work environment.  You meet these people at home and on daily basis. How to identify them, how to survive with them, how to deal with them, this is a very important thing which affects the society.  You have to look at all these things including passive aggressive behavior. These are all related but have slightly different verticals. How do you have to deal with all these? This will be my second class of Happiness Course which will be held today on Friday, 2nd December at 8:00 pm. You can take it.  My Happiness Course, your link is below, you can download it and you can buy recording will be given to you, I feel that this course of mine will become iconic in the coming time, I myself am a creator.  There is confidence on this but then you all will have to watch the recording only. Today is the chance to join live. The only difference is that in the chance to join live, some queries are also answered. Some are answered on recording. Some are also answered on recording. So join live.  This is an opportunity to utilize this opportunity, there is a 2 hour class on the first and third Friday, today is the first Friday, then third Friday will be off day, it is very good in winter, you will get to learn, the new year is also coming.  You will get more control of your life by structuring it on happiness. No normal person tells like this. He thinks that these will be very good topics. I will separate them into individual ones too. Maybe in the coming time it will be fine because all of them are independent.  I am adding the topic of happiness in life, so my request is to those of you who want to join it, I have given your link in the comment section. I have given your link in the description of the app.  You have to download the app, you can purchase it and after that you will get the link, inside that you will get the zoom link and you can join at your time at 7:55 PM 5 minutes earlier. Does anyone have any problem in doing this?  If you are face to face then you can also connect to me on WhatsApp on this number. The system link is different for iPhone which is Apple phone, it is different for Android phone. Both can be downloaded. After downloading, you can go and take your course.  The course fees are very high  Reasonable is very reasonable and it is I think much more PM. Even if you take the course, you can connect once on WhatsApp that Han ji, I have taken it once you see that cut C type is like no hey hello type so below  You can connect on the given WhatsApp number. Thank you very much.