Hello friends, this video is for related investors, I will tell you a message from the examples because many times questions and co-relation arise, then I will give you a message from some examples through Kharkhoda Maruti Factory, Hisar Range, Jewar Airport, because if you are on a basis.  You will walk with the colors of Basanti, investment will never be right, chair is real estate, stock market and Begum Jersey is wrong and  The versions are wrong, what is Gurgaon Maruti's table has run, Gurgaon Maruti's Vijay Singh has not run, I will tell you this, I will start with the facts, because of Gurgaon airport, I will also prove that, Maruti's factory was established in 1978, in 8283, nothing is wrong.  Give's not Rs 300, it became Rs 300 in 1995, nothing even Rs 180, after that and dot When the time came for the com, she was shocked, something must have happened to her, not at the Maruti factory, brother, not like this, no, I did not agree, oh brother, she is a blue collar worker, she becomes a noble enclave type, unlike her, they do nothing else, DLF Phase-1 and  Phase-2 Cyber ​​City From Your Small Golf Course It has nothing to do with Maruti, now if Maruti's factory will go away from the owners then it will be in Gurgaon.  It will go down due to horses and will go up when Bharat A factory leaves Old Gurgaon and if something better comes in 361 then it will go up further and in this process people are thinking of Kharkhoda that if the factory is going there then who knows what will happen.  It will happen that there will be a slight increase in the local economies, many means that it becomes an elasticity and will not happen. Let's talk about the airport, the airport is this one of Indira Gandhi.  Is this Delhi one 10 years old or 20 years old? This is before independence, so rockets started falling in Gurgaon, the airport was always there till Delhi and there was no office, so your airport is in Bhatinda also, you have a canal in Bikaner also.  And now the new 67 names that came to be heard in which I tell you that if you buy there then if it is from the airport, then the runway has been built first, only the airport has to be built, the airport is on this note, the runway mail expense is the runway.  300 400 500 1000 His line of question is worth thousands of crores, he stops at Jhajjar airport and peeps, trolley bags are the cheapest thing to carry, so there are small buildings, there is no expense for them, where is yours coming, yours is coming in the north.  Which is called Barmer, so the list will be set on fire just outside, go away, take six more like this, there is already runway exit. Nothing is coming from the eco system of influence. Already in many places the runways and airports of the country are progressing, so it is not his. I am telling you in the form of this animal. 70-80 years ago, if there is no bus stand, even if the bus stops, then it is his.  It would have been good if we had a railway station at some place, but when the economy moves towards maturity, these things become very normal, opening the runway, coming to the airport, it is not a big thing in itself. Opening a bank account is not a big thing these days, passport benefits are not a big thing, getting a gas stove connection is not a big thing, at one time even getting a line connection in India is a big thing and today everyone has a mobile phone.  If we are going to invest in 2022, then we cannot do it on the basis of the old model which has a wrong function. Brother, Jewar airport will come, Jewar airport will come there, if the airport will come to me, it will do cargo, then the number of voters will increase. How is it related to this? But brother, the rate of debt has also increased in this novel and if you google the line then take 5 minutes of this life, Imaan aio, try it and read my article on it in Wikipedia, then if the rate of a flower increases.  If there is trading in it, then it is not called investment. Investment means that you will earn money. If the rate has increased, it has become a favourite, then you are no longer interested. Then it was the same, it should not be the same and it should not be the same.  If it has become this much, then you will become this much from this much, then it will become this much. You have to see that even in Hisar, by talking about the report, they will take Rs. 1.5 crore for cricket first. The public takes the money. Those who are layer are earning it, not those who are earning it.  There he is sending the story unheard, the one who earns the money and the shot and the one who is lucky in between will make two crores on dream11 and win as per his wish. Here the people are engaged as MPs, dream11 also got a wife. Okay, the whole country has put together a team.  ₹ 40 in making ₹ 40 The team, make the team as much as I lost, but also those who give guidance, make this team, keep this player, it got so much circulation in India because man does not want to earn money with normal hard work and brain, towards blue chip.  Investment investigation is not done, it is clean and good work, so if there is any place in Jewar where you can land and if you want to come in these pharma companies and be made in factories, then the line is cheap, that is why they are coming.  First of all, he took a big step in retention. He will employ the workers in his factories only and his senior officers and executive level people will not let you stay there. There is not even a senior officer among them. He belongs to the East India Company. Be it from this company, he does not live with other employees along with his employees and will be in guest house on daily basis. Some people of the company will stay for a short time, some will visit, some will have infection.  Someone will come for the meeting but they should not stay there on residential basis. There is no system there. Pick up your windmill and keep it very nice. Kutch in Gujarat has big companies and big infrastructure. A lot of money is earned in it.  The seed of man is not visible there, just some employee of Vikas, his family will come while working, there is no schooling, no infrastructure, there is no hospital, brother will come, a big wall will come and it is being built there.  Time people, film city is becoming film city, you have made it sensitive, it means that Shahrukh Khan, Amitabh Bachchan ji will come tomorrow for shooting, their eco system is in Mumbai, if you open a film city, even Bhojpuri lovers will probably not come because everyone has nowhere to go.  If there is some system somewhere, then I will open the film city. If I open something, it is not that I have lost it, then it will come because it is a film city. You can go anywhere, build an airport in the desert, make a runway, then all the people will start lining up, not like this.  It happens in India please  Google, how many languages are there, where are the airports, how many airports are there within UP, now even in Agra, we are hearing that we will probably get an airport, if we come to Agra airport, then what is the story of Yamuna Expressway, brother, give me the Taj.  -If we could have reached in three hours, then we would have made Jha ji there, and because we do not have to make a runway in the airport inside Agra, we already request a difference from the government, there is a lot in Jhalawar.  Let's join there, there is a land given to Airport Authority of India, already that brother, take this to be one of yours, here you make your own terminal and this charge will go to your father and people will come to check in counter launch John.  Tea and water, food and toilet, if toilet is done then do it is not make things Baba Runway Runway, the area and land acquisition around it, nothing to be done, if it is of Agra then I had narrated the story in the middle, so much so that  Its value is nothing, remember and such a commercial slide will not land. Agra is still a tourist place, so someone will land there, but I have to come from Jaipur to Gurgaon, from Jaipur to Delhi, I have to come from Chandigarh, so why am I not a jeweler?  I will do Tubelight and will come to Delhi to travel. Price range: My house is in Lajpat Nagar and I can go to the international airport either from Frankfurt or from there to New York or from Birmingham.  From London I am taking off from somewhere else and I will come here to Jewar Airport and then I will eat horses, let me go to Delhi, let me go to Rajouri Garden and I will not update Indira Gandhi 's chemistry. Indira Gandhi's chemistry will be full. Fourth runway operation will happen.  It is going to be run at 6 per cent per cent of the operation and A33 per cent more is to be added, if it is not going to be completed till 2035 40 then brother 2000  452 Now you will say like Rakhi ji, even if my Karan Arjun comes, it is your choice. Yes Karan Arjun will come and go after Interpol or interval and in that planetary time, after 22, 23, 24, 25 years, then by doing so much at that time, he will  Making the price so much in advance is wrong from the junction, I keep telling people again and again, this is just a way of selling by airing until the existing is nothing, meaning let it come, let it happen.  See, even after that, money can be earned. Everyone there makes YouTube videos and shows uploads on those YouTube videos. The man does not write on the screen. Sometimes it may happen that you go to a city and make a video and the man does not write chapters on the screen.  But man, you are roaming around like this, you can go to Delhi or Gurgaon as per your wish, try to make some videos and you will be able to see him far and wide, you will not be able to see even a small animal, buffalo, dog, cow, write something, anything.  not visible  I am in those videos, you will see that the exams will start again, the airport is near Gurgaon, he got lucky, it is Maruti's factory, it is coming to Kharkhoda, so it should happen like this, it will not happen because bring pills from Maruti's factory, pallu side effects.  It is a big complex in Gurgaon. Read this. He had gone there a long time ago and then the field was prepared, then the temperature was fine, then it rained again.  Used to get it, then it was seed, then it was going to irrigate it, a lot of things have been planted and then it has gone and still it is it's inflection point of collection, according to me still not the best support Start and Edited 25822 Yes if 190 that if you put it in the middle  You will believe what I am not believing, Maruti factory has been sitting for 42 years, then it will reach this level and from this level, it still has a long way to go to the inflection point. So everything is ready here, 42 years old and in which the opposition is now getting ready to take place, then diet thing is the place note where that 42 years old story is being narrated, then it will take the same number of years for you and if it happens more quickly.  If it doesn't cost Rs 42, it will cost Rs 25. Investment cannot be done now even on a 25 year basis. If you have understood this then please comment on any of your couriers in the comment section.  If there are disagreements, then write logically. What do I think? What do you think? Is there nothing? Details Important In conversation In dialogue In dialogue In dialogue Cross Contributing S No Important Notification Tricks Important So stubbornness bought it Those whose bread is sold from there Regretfully they will feel chilli which This thing will be told in the post but those who will be saved from this decision are very important for me. On this basis you will not vote thank you.