Hello friends, this is a bit deep topic, the topic is what kind of people to include in your life and what people think, now you can pause it, it can be any strong person, it can also be people from far away, you can define it as per your choice. Look at the people in your life who are not your cheerleaders, distance yourself from those who don't share it with you. If you have done a good job then I am saying that you are doing well. Okay, go ahead and do a little bit for yours.  Those who are not happy with achievements, I tell you every little achievement of yours, what happened, it is okay, peanuts can be stuck, Shivling can also be like this, your friends can be like this, we can be like this, so whoever is not a cheerleader in your life, remove him.  And find your cheerleader, where is it? Airtel Dish TV, there should be a cheerleader for the man and the man should also be a cheerleader for his wife. Her husband should be a cheerleader for his wife. Her qualification was that of a teacher, she took two tuitions for him.  If you are getting a promotion or are doing something good, then only you should be a cheerleader. Similarly, husband and wife should be cheerleaders among themselves. At least one man should work out this letter. How much more can you achieve by being associated with guys to gate? What happened to your friends and people is genuinely happy, sorry friend, I knew you like this, now you have become like this, it feels very good, how did you do it and can you mute the country at the time of What can I learn from you? What can you learn from me? You have to keep people close to you who bring negativity and you feel negativity. Please avoid that at this time. Minimize meeting other people in general.  They take energy and mostly low energy people are roaming around and it is not that if they take your high then they will be high and will thank you, they have to remain as they are so they will never come into your life.  He brought a complaint, he has a problem and he is crying his cry in front of you, then you try to help him, giving time is a device, whatever is in your hand, do it, but the BDO has looked out whether he has taken five percent of your advice.  Also followed whether his intention is also that you even tried did you give him or his work only one cry then next time no and comes back to you again with a we that you this is not right  Yes, that is fine with me friend, if it is not fine then everything is not fine with those people, it is not fine due to 3073 reason, first of all, what is the issue of cooling quality, they do not understand and atrocities have happened with them. Help you in legal position.  Two or one of them may be trained, then clear them in the training, then do n't think too much. Actually, it is like this, you give them a hand, even after that, if their channel pattern is the same in life, then you see how many people are there in your life.  Complain Mirchi and always complain. Do it in every situation. You yourself may be the one who is listening to the audio. If you are like this then first try to correct yourself. Pick Officer 50% The people Out Happy Tube  Life Miserable And Has So Much Complaints In Life E Par St People Happy Jo Bhi Jinke Paas Bhi Jaoge And Others 50% Actually Don't Care Old Song Ki Aapka Kya Aur Hai Kyunki Unki Life Mein  There is a lot of our own raita, so if those who cry and cry are themselves illegal, no one makes you illegal, if they are taking it out to get rid of it, then this is a very thankful person, but still there is so much sorrow in this world that  All those who are happy and all those who are unhappy, if they try hard from morning till night to remove their sorrow, then the sorrow cannot end, but there is a well of positivity in different places in this world, like many people are zero.  It will happen and life will become more helpless and people will become helpless. Many songs like this are written in the society. It is seen that we should share our sorrow, we should help those who are less privileged, we should stand too little, first believe in ourselves, there is peace and clarity in our mind. Love which if you have something like this then you can see a little but when you give whenever you give money advice positivity positive energy into any person in this world richest miss Printer and some mind will feel very bad in their 2nd floor that's key and servi 90% of the people actually patience condition in which we are there is something wrong with the circuit like and subscribe must subscribe father mother mother hatred sadness runs in the family  Take away my brother's pain, what should I do for my children, what should I do, should I earn money, this is not going to happen and I was born with it.  If you do n't like it then that is his problem, not your problem. Get free from this guilt. I am giving you this freedom.  I am giving it to many parents, I am giving it to many children, I am giving it to this person, maybe Runumal is around and he will remain the same, you do something for him and there are many people who  They are great fools and what is it that a person himself does not have the capacity to add velvet to someone else's life, those people remain more unhappy because if you have something to add to someone's life, then you will get this accomplishment. People will ask that 90% of the world's misery in the middle class in India is that I don't care enough about myself, I have grown old, only money is less, now the work has been taken away from the children, that's why I am sad, is n't there something in you to calibrate?  He is an advisor, no knowledge, not even money is lost, okay, nothing happens, so in this way, then the next person can move forward with his life by doing his own work or he should keep asking you, you can ask only the one who has something to give.  You should realize one thing that the person who can give the most in any organization is asked for it. You have seen that politicians get angry when their demands are less. Legislators come late to the party and then run around when they cannot post images. Our  For gun followers, when they cannot manage their affairs, when they cannot do their accounts, if there is no benefit to be gained from somewhere, then the question is only about those who can give something. The pieces within the organization, who hold senior posts, are different.  If they are different, then the next person was there, he can transfer, he can promote the next person, till the next order, ask about him and it would be according to the chair, as soon as that chair was moved that it was okay for his tail, only then people would be with him. want to stick  After retirement, why are so many people so desperate to cling to a chair? Do they know, don't ask, chair, they are so intelligent, they don't even know, there is nothing inside, no one will ask them, no one will ask them. Have some mercy once, retire on the position, no one asks because the question is only about the chair, that is why I am telling you that the chair can be given up if you have developed the ability to give something else within you.  If you have to do that opposition and times, then you do not have to network forcefully in life that mine will create this or that, because the ultimate on which you are different also has a time limit and if you develop something of your own. And if you fill your level then you will not need all these then go for but cheer. Leaders in your life will go for taste negative people. Whoever complains, say something to him once and then tell him back young man creating talk.  If there is something useful for the city, then tell me, I don't have time, I was not born to remove the sorrow, there must be some people to remove it, okay, but I have a family, I have a wife and children, if I can focus all my energy on you.  My plant goes towards them because this is my family, you start saying like this and a lot, I have 20 inside this and 119 more also, we give a lot to each other, someone's girlfriend has gone, someone has gone, this subscribe to subscribe girlfriend is going on.  is that energy Whom the husband and wife were appointed as professional professors, according to us, I hope you did not bring the topic, we will discuss it, it is okay to tell everything, you want to be politically correct, do not talk openly in diplomatic accounts, talk openly, you are liking these things. How are you feeling? You must tell us about such topics. There are many more such topics. This is the purpose of life channel to take you towards happiness. Your personal happiness is your happiness because only when you have something, you can give something to someone.  If you have money, you can give money to someone. If you have happiness, you can give a little to someone. Okay, first guide your voters and then the one who deserves it, your knowledge, your happiness, your money, your sympathy, that depends.  Give it to that person and give one to that person. Keep your filter and Madan. Thank you very much. Have not subscribed the channel? Please do share the video with people.