Hello friends, wish you all a very very happy Diwali. Today on Diwali I will make a video by telling a small thing that you know that Lakshmi ji is worshipped, but you have seen that Lakshmi ji is never worshiped alone along with Saraswati ji and Ganesh ji.  If there is puja, we will make it significant and if we internalize it, then Lakshmi ji will stay in our life. Lakshmi ji should not stay in the house where there is no wisdom, then there will be conflict, Lakshmi ji's twin.  Sister is Alakshmi ji, who is not visible, Lakshmi ji is visible, wealth comes, money comes, cash comes, that is visible Alakshmi is not visible, Alakshmi ji, what is jealousy, envy, hatred, hatred, bitter frustration, competition, all these things happen in the people of useless houses, then when  If she comes then she has to come, call her twin sister, if she is not seen then all that also comes but he will come and go if you have the wisdom of Saraswati ji in the house.  There will be knowledge and Ganesh ji's prize will be there and patience. Without patience, keep doing one thing again and again, keep doing the result, if that work is not done then do something else and if it is not done then do something else and your patience.  Keep things will come in life, these two things are very missing, Everybody thing, if we worship like today, you must have seen that word, auspicious benefit in our Sanatan, benefit in our two, three, four and 100 thousand years old knowledge.  It has a lot of importance but there should be auspicious benefits. How the money is earned and its sustainability. The Indian system of earning money and the old knowledge that is driving it is sustainable. A wealth which is coming only for you, is giving benefits only to you.  And if it is causing harm to others, it is not auspicious, so when we celebrate this festival and worship Diwali, then one of the things which we should focus on is that you must have seen.  It is written on the shops or you put it in front of your gate or on the door of Shubh Labh, all of them come in stars type or some garland type, it is written on it Shubh Labh, so focus on that Shubh Labh, that is one message second.  The message is understand the significance of Ganesh ji and Saraswati ji. Also, without both the elements, Lakshmi ji will not live on a sustainable basis. Lakshmi ji is fickle, will come, will come, will go. If  You have to create assets in life, you have to increase your net worth in life, you have to create a legacy in life, you have to teach something to the children in life, further they need both these things, they need wisdom, they need knowledge, they need an elder man in the family, give them a woman, give them a mother.  Father can give or any elder brother, sister-in-law, sister-in-law, sister-in-law, anyone can give, it is okay, whoever is there in the house, sister of anyone, anyone or everyone, if once wisdom comes. And with the arrival of wisdom and the arrival of patience, relationships remain connected. Whenever such people come in the family who have wisdom but do not have patience, then they need it quickly, they need it now, they do not want to wait, then there hatred arises.  And conflict arises because many times it happens that a new daughter-in-law comes or a new person comes, a new son-in-law comes, a new member comes, something happens, something needs to be decided quickly, that is, there is no patience, where there is no patience.  is there  Wealth cannot grow, Lakshmi ji will not live in those houses where there is no patience and no wisdom knowledge and wherever there are lots of fights in the houses, look at the constant basis, sometimes it happens in all the houses but if that happens then Saraswati.  The vibes, the knowledge and the energy that Ganesh Ji and Saraswati Ji bring, if they exist inside the house, then they can extinguish the fire of hatred and distress.  Will calm you down but if these two are not there then we will do this thing so that Lakshmi ji will not stay there then when we do this puja and celebrate festivals then internalize these things. Tell your children that we will accept whatever differences we have, every family.  Inside, the husband will come between the wife, he will come between the parents and the children, he will come between the siblings, he will come every time and whatever differences he will come, he will always come directly.  They bring wealth indirectly. They bring money only. They come for decision making. Buy a house, don't buy a car, don't buy a car, give her good jewellery, don't take it, give more to her, give less to her, give less to me, more to her, white.  Safed Mary, there are some issues like this, there are some such issues inside the house, his children were done like this, mine was not done like this, I was not done like that, all these things can always be clarified and corrected with Saraswati ji and  Ganesh ji, this element is becoming very less in the family, both these things have to be done because this element of Lakshmi ji alone, if you do that and it is left behind somewhere, then it will go away and will not come again because it These two things are very important so I hope this Diwali you have managed to understand this message please spread this message to everybody again wishing you all a very very happy Diwali thank you very much  its