Hello friends, this is a very interesting topic, do n't be bad, I should not hurt, it is due to the sensitivity of many people, but this is to make aware the topic which is my audience, this is the same middle class, please de lower class. Now I say it in English, I say it in Hindi, think like this, some meaning in English, different time, what has become different in Hindi, middle class, which is ours, that which is below it, lower class, it is more pure than that, why is it more pure than that and so on?  This will continue to happen, my brain has been curdled and clicked, son, how can it be like this, then I understand that you will accept this thing that whatever I do is my poverty, it is relative, not absolute. If you accept it then it means otherwise.  Is it only Mukesh Ambani ji who is rich? Is it Adani ji? Does he need a property worth so many lakhs of crores? Even if you have 5 crores, you can call yourself rich in the settings of India because it is all relative, it is okay, 5 crores are in your bank, 5 crores are in mine.  give in  Crore, you are rich and I am poor, it is fine, but there is another factor or not, like I have made many videos on the definition of middle class, it is enough for you to go and see the best of the lower class, you think middle class is what it actually is. Take it because she calls herself middle class according to the salary of one man, while four are sitting at home and eating, it is okay, the wife does not reduce, she has adult kids, she has been preparing for UPSC for 26 years.  He turned 28 years old and speaking to himself, father is an officer in the group, how can there be any more class in the group, it must be middle class, well, that was a different topic, you see, what I am going to tell you today is that  The difference between my desires, my aspirations and my reality is this, the state of poverty is understood, I am full, what do I want in life and what do I have, the difference is this is my full good factor, if there is wealth or poverty, what I want in life.  If I have only that, then I am rich. Look carefully and understand this. It is okay to understand that the rich man has a lot of money and has ultratech. It is okay, he has to buy a yard, he has to buy a ship, he has to go to the country immediately, the child has to go to Patna.  He is not able to concentrate, he is getting whatever he wants, okay, so he removes those people, he goes to middle class work, he wants to give the best education to his children, he goes to the best house, nowadays he also likes to visit foreign countries.  set up a pond Earlier she had gone to visit India, now she will also be there, so her aspirations are very expressionistic, keeping it is not a problem, you should have all the ability, she should be late, she is a part of the top group, the dialogue is in the van, son is your ego, the writing is fine but yes, middle.  class's ego it's writing checks which the body's not cash body means the body can't reduce that much you do n't have anything yet moon lighting moon lighting started in it These Wipro people have set 300 employees in jobs, because what are they doing, because they do jobs for so much money, Arman, they will do even less, they don't allow those employed anywhere else, although according to me, that thing is very wrong.  If this is your employer, then remember that tomorrow, if you are reducing your working bond by some extent, then why should he feel any pain, you are giving your personal code to someone by force.  When you are taking a personal project, you are taking it and qualified that they also know that if they do this then they will be scolded. He told that they are working for reverse and rivals, so the man thinks that he is doing good for competition.  If he has done the right thing then that moral ground gets up in him, but what if I am doing this for all the rivals, if I am a normal person for this company and this company too, personally.  Can't you do two tuitions? Someone is doing something private to someone else, what time are you from the middle class, brother, your salary is not increasing the way you want it to increase. The system of entrepreneurship itself is quite flat, but it is different.  I will make in my video what is wrong with the concept, but why is there a problem with the concept, then when your aspirations are so high, because whoever is of lower class, I tell you, he is not teaching his child in a great school. Otherwise, if someone does not go to a private hospital for treatment, that is fine, then his salary or even if he does not have a salary, then we reduce it ourselves. Father's is 40000, mother's is 30, 35000. The boy is an auto rickshaw driver 40-50 feet.  His wife is earning Rs. 2 lakhs in the beauty parlor. The same Rs. 2 lakhs are coming to your house. It is you who earns money in your house and  Armaan has taken all his clothes and car, so that is not actually your wealth creation. If your expenses are covered directly, the only problem is that now many people will say, 'Yaar, till now the video is not seeming so hit to the people, I will try. Because right now I am crushingly telling you that hey, what's going on, tell me, the only thing is that the disadvantage of this lower class is that their financial history has given them a tough time in what to do with their money.  Don't know what to do, that's why the middle class is having fun till now, that's why whatever I said in the video till now, those of you who have not been connected till now may have left, but those who are still connected will now have this realization at this moment. What I am about to say is that your sense of comfort energy will go away in the next 7 years because the people who want to educate the middle lower class have also come and they themselves are becoming the same because of technology, they can also sip.  There are mutual fund parties, they can also do financial inclusion, the government is also doing it and they have no shame in doing this by standing in the ration queue to get cheap rice. Sir, the government is also doing a lot, is n't it, this mohalla clinic.  A clinic is a cheap treatment, all that is going on, so their saving ability is more than yours, the only thing is that some people, because of their bed habits, do you understand what kind of bed habits they have, the reason for that?  Flounder are coming from, okay and or growing them together is no longer the day that happens there will be this classical collapse of the middle middle class so hold country will become lower middle class majority will become lower class less  It will happen and there will be a big big door middle class and suddenly who is a middle class guy or an upper middle class guy when  If the middle class will be formed and the road to the middle class will come from the middle class, then there will be a lot of pain. I want to tell you that when you will look at your left and right like this and the people who looked to you of a different level to you 10 years ago, will now be sitting next to you.  If you see, then you have to put fire Pushpa de fire, what I am saying in the video, you are able to understand in the video, what is the poet trying to say inside me, what is the poet trying to say, am I trying to give you a lot of pain?  I am very me  I want to do something that I do n't know what to do or what is happening that is happening and if we look at this country like this then the government is pushing it from below and is making the system like this, internet i.e. 5G is coming into its own.  It is a very big thing because the person who does not want to become something, the lower class wants money, the lower class does not want to become something, the middle class wants to become something and then earn some money after becoming something, the lower class wants to talk to people during the day and come to their homes.  you also do that  The boy works for 3 hours in the morning on Zomato, sometimes he works on Flipkart, sometimes he works on Swiggy, here there is no show in moonlight and there is no end, there he can work for 16 hours, 12 hours, 15 hours, sometimes he works on his Uber, Ola taxi.  He will use Swiggy, sometimes Zomato, sometimes Flipkart, and it's on, it's on, it's on, but it does n't have that sexy tag on its forehead that oh I'm just.  But everyone in his family is busy in giving them a history and on top of that, why is the lower class richer, according to me today, because I am speaking on this thought process in the terms of Absolute Mani.  I won't be there because you are open to other ideas, it does n't seem inferior to the one who is doing it, tell him the level of the one who is doing it, or tell him someone else's level, he is ready to do it, is it a middle class program, is any of your children in the middle class, these are so many. McDonald's, Pizza Hut, Domino's, all these are opening there, put that cap on like this and are you can, you are not ready to reduce these four hours, you will go here and reduce them because if that boy does this in a foreign country, then Dignity of Labour.  And this is less, if you go and want to do very minute class in Canada, this less is exactly equal in purchasing par pariorty, purchasing par parioty means that if it is ₹ 100 in India then it is the same in Canada.  It is equal to 237, that is the margin of 2.37, that is, the rate is, so if you earn ₹ 100 in India or there it is 237 less and there is only one thing, then here if you can earn lakh rupees and there you can earn ₹ 2.5 lakh less then there is one thing. It is not great and there is a lot of potential for savings here, you know the cost of living here is also not that high, okay so this is a big problem for the middle class. Because they have to become something and they spend 20 to 30 years of age, it will take 10 years to become something, these 10 years are lower class boys or girls and they are making so much money just by investing in some stock market, mutual fund and real estate.  Guide them and grow that money at 10 to 14%, achieve financial inclusion at 10 to 14%, leave some loan, reduce yours a little and you  Look at this, our children in the lower class are fine, they have a lot of exposure. The man standing at the shop of McDonald's or Pizza Hut, he is watching what is happening, then he sees, he goes. As an example, I am telling you that Mani is always the one who stands up and sees that where is this bread coming from, what is the supply chain, what is the logistics change, how is billing done, which Excel software?  Practically, it has a history, depending on where the child is and I do consultation for all these children also, I say, open your ears, this is your academy and you are getting money for learning here and how is the billing being done, what about GST?  There is a system of return, what is special about it, how is it being made, I said, learn this, if you want to do any business tomorrow, this is what is required, the product will be changed, here there is pizza, somewhere there is bread, somewhere there is burger, somewhere there is food item somewhere.  Him  The thing to be done is to decide on something, you can also start your own business tomorrow, there is no GST on services up to Rs 20 lakh, no GST is charged on actual sales of Rs 40 lakh and these people can do peacock lighting, some Domino's guy asks that  You four hours, your duty shift at my place was from 10 to 2:00, so what are you doing from 2 to 6 or what did you do before that, what did you do at night and India is moving, you words. Very very good for D country, I am making this video only to unite the middle class, very happy and I will prove it in the next two four six months because I am taking a lot of data, I am doing actual searching and very  I am actually meeting people that the lower class will go above the middle class and then there will be no wall over class, the middle class will become middle class, this is happening in such a way that $2000 is our per capita.  GDP is there and it is going towards 4000 and if it goes further then the average within it will be 4 dollars. Our annual income is fine, so the push in it is coming from the bottom, it is not top driven, it is  Bottom driven, so if you are tantrum here, if even ₹ 1 is not less than your child and he is waiting for something great, what is the probability of date and if we take man, he also stopped. In 30 years, you have earned 10 years' worth of money in mutual funds. You have watched all the sports games on video channels and on different YouTube channels. If you had done it in 21 years, Ram would have done it like this. If you had done it like that, then in 60 years you would have done that.  There will be things, now brother will play and those who do not have tantrums to reduce, then their life partners who do things, they also choose from their own system, it is okay with the ecosystem, if they also choose from their own system, then their life partners too.  He is doing less, even if they have fallen in love at the work place, the girl is also doing the same, the boy is also doing the same, both are ready to do less, as if this is considered double income, brothers and sisters, one middle class job, one job. These 22-23-24 year old children are ready to do many things in a day because they are doing real jobs. The middle class is sitting in a fantasy of where will be my table and where will be the chair.  Where will one be corporate? I am an engineer, so an engineer will sometimes sell Domino's pizza, then why did I do engineering? You should ask why did you do it? Ask, if you are not getting an engineering job after doing engineering, then whose problem is that? How many?  You are not a good engineer, you ask whether there was a need to do it or not, why it was not there, ask why it was not there, it can be done by doing it and I am telling those who have children from well-to-do families to their children like this.  Don't do it at all in reducing the child, when your child comes in it, absolutely when friend, you tell this whole story in America, in England, in Europe and if it plays out here, then no one feels like selling, he is bringing the child and is living with you.  If your child is on time, if I belong to this age, my child is 18 to 21 years old and is studying in college. Bhai Kant, your work is a little beat, it is instantly heard in every country, it is 20 to 30 hours. Reduce it to 20 to 25 hours. Why can't your child reduce it to 25 hours? He is busy on Netflix, on mobile to waste some time, he is busy in ruining his life. I am a girl's friend.  It is better for the boy to stand somewhere else than this, take ₹ 3000 less, at least he will know the value of money, at least he will know what is duty, what is standing, how to talk, this hesitation of his is not life.  I have this hesitation and I will be conducting classes on this also. It is very important to remove this hesitation and there is a bogged down thinking within the middle class, time is there because what is the matter, the parents are listening to the parents only then I am the child of the children.  So he will do what is the problem of the child, he will say there, when you go to McDonald's or Pizza Hut and SSC is much ahead, I have given three-four examples.  There are many such good stores where a child can go and straighten up, he has a good personality, good English speaking skills, just English speaking skills can land up a job, okay type English speaking skills can land up a job for you, which is about 20000 more.  If I take this job, I told you it is worth 30000 rupees, if you have good dressing sense, you know English and are sexy, you look more than a little smart.  If you are working then you will get ₹ 50 thousand, you will get 50000 and you will be in it right from the beginning. Whatever you are doing, keep doing it, study, give exams, keep doing all the competitions, but do this also when you are out of the house.  You will leave, there will be an energy exchange, you will get a lot of knowledge, nothing will happen while sitting at home, what are you doing at home, 2's, A3's, C's, four's, that done, it got spread, then four's, A, Tu's, C's, three's,  If it gets spread again, don't waste 20 to 30 years, a lot of history will come to you, someone will bump into you at the work place, your boss will call you, the one below will give you an idea, it will not come while sitting at home, tell me how did you like the video, this thing gets a little long.  To understand things better, but could you guys understand this thing? Please share, please share. I want maximum people to say any information thing because of being in the middle class today.  It is very difficult to tell because everyone is educated, they say that you are more knowledgeable, I will listen to you more, the one who is educated is not educated, the one who used to speak, everyone says, brother, you are educated, you must be saying it right, it was not right now.  It's because the noise is so much, it's okay, look, watch the match, the World Cup is about to come, your boy or girl, who would watch the T20 match sitting at home, is doing a job sitting in a restaurant.  And money is also less and Bhabhi is getting noisy and drunk, why is it so noisy, tell me what kind of idea, I just want to watch the match, I just want to waste my time, okay, the match is of 4 hours, this is how I am standing, man, I am the only one, okay, I am standing big.  There is a good screen, there is a nice atmosphere, someone is having a party, by doing this once and you are standing here and you sir, why can't I do this, brother, it will be an insult to you, what have you told me, Sara.  The time your child is wasting if you  Monetize it properly, you will have a child worth lakhs of rupees, I am telling you now, ok worth more lakhs of rupees, his personality will improve, now he will ask money from his father, then he will buy his shoes, give him a little loan, he will learn to wear good clothes, learn to talk.  Will go and go to different places and I am not at all in favor of doing anything less than this one for 25 years, 10 years, oh brother, six months, one year will automatically go up, I am not wishing my middle class children.  You keep it here, this is the beginning, to get rid of the hesitation, they will come to themselves and say, Papa, this has to be done, Mummy, this has to be done, it feels fine like this, I feel fine like this, I hope I was successful in understanding, so please write something.  I would love it if you write, thank you very much.