Hello friends, today's topic is Understanding property prices in Gurgaon real estate. Understanding the price of property. Han ji, this is what I have to explain because it is causing a lot of confusion. Projects are coming everywhere, your Golf Course Extension, Dwarka Expressway, Sonha Side, New Gurgaon.  Side SPR Side This Side Date Side There are many things and the last thing of confusion is, so first of all understand the prices as many people say it is too expensive for some.  It is said that it is fine, it is very useless, it is very good, it has different terms but in a very clear time table thing, today the first person to tell you about any property is its square feet price calculator charges, so no ghost speaks or anything.  I think that they are also added, what is the other thing good in determining the total price, the builder's floors are there, they are premium builders, like the top builders, their floors are there, EDCI is not visible in it, there is only GST in it, there is no tax on parking in it.  She goes  And the income becomes FMS and is settled in this manner. The thing that is different among the multi-story ones is that we have nothing to do with it. When we have to calculate what is the heading inside it, it has nothing to do with it. You have to pay ₹ 100. 105  When you give money, concentrate on the base price, whenever I give you the total, how much will it cost you, divided by the super area, carpet area is definitely mentioned, but the super area is very important because you can know in my educational video.  Real estate because I have made it my topic because carpet is important but if I have not given any common area then it will be affordable housing only. You understand my point then how to calculate super area then super area is important then price is according to super area.  Calculate it OK and you will get the answer. Now I want to tell you that those who had not witnessed in Gurgaon or North Indian market for 25-30-40 years, who are now  This is already happening, that's why there is confusion among the customers, because I am making a video to remove that confusion. The confusion is that there is always an average price of a road or an average price of a place. Brother, this is a society, this is ₹.  4000 foot time, I am talking to you already, not today, okay so it is 4100, 4200 or 3800, you never got to see something like this inside a van place. 3000 and some things are 5000, respect Magnolia, whenever you were on the golf course on time, you knew that brother, it is very strange, what are you thinking, okay, respect, few products, verify products, general de price, so so  Mighty Different Now instead of saying what is this, I don't understand, I want you to see what is happening, this thing is going like Mumbai market, what is happening here, I say this because someone on YouTube.  I did not tell these things because there is no less class and diplomacy in it. It has to be told clearly that this is a rich boys club, you stand up, make a circle and say, who will come within this circle, if so much money is spent then people will automatically be exempted. When people of A level go, he becomes I So everyone goes, everyone has to carry the mobile phone from one place to another. Have you seen whether a mobile phone worth Rs 1.5 lakh fetches 10 times more money than a mobile phone worth Rs 15,000? Is a coffee worth Rs 800 or Rs 700 somewhere in a five star hotel?  If it is bought for ₹ 100, it collects 7 times more than that or if it is made at home for ₹ 20, then does it get 40 times more than that? Know it, it is not about the date you have.  Understand Example: How is the time going, what watch is he wearing? So this is what we have accepted in everything, so why are you not doing it in real estate? That garden is Gucci's Prada and these big brands are Louis Vuitton.  And brother, their case is different, the fake ones are different, the normal Indian brand is different, it has the same bag, it has the same capacity, when it is closed, it is the same in lifting, but why is the rate different, this is it, that's it, end and end.  It is difficult to create such a luxury and kind of thing, India is progressing ahead of it and is making aspirations. You can see for yourself that a simple 17000 square feet thing was sold faster than the time it takes to sell affordable housing.  And that too is available through drops, so this has already happened in Gurgaon, so now this is good or bad, this is nonsense, you don't like it, the rates are not being decided based on your choice. Frustration doesn't help anything, so India is on its way to 3 trillion dollars. Where are you busy creating? If you want to see, I will make a separate video on the rates of the next generation. Those who are probably employed right now, types.  Well, why won't they be able to buy a proper property? The phenomenon that is taking place in London is that the biggest worry of the parents is that their children will always have to live on rent. You can make reasons for yourself, but what will happen in the future, like there was a time in 1980, whoever had his own tax got a lot of respect, you know that time, you got Maruti 800 which was very nice, there was a premium on it, it was red in color, it was white in color.  The premium on red color was Rs 5000, in February 1970 196, Maruti was priced at Rs 72000, Maruti 800 was priced at Rs 72000 and red and white were priced at Rs 67000.  There was a premium of Rs. 50,000 and when a person used to drive, the rich used to pay full and today you do not pay as much by driving in a BMW as you do when you drive, so everything that is rich and poor, it is all relative, understand that the Indian society has done that.  There has been progress, TV has been installed in everyone's house, refrigerator has been installed, I am talking about a particular class above and lower cup because I too have got all the things. What used to be TV earlier because the less we do it.  We make aspirations to get respect in the society. Financial sense is also made a lot. Financial sense is also made because I am treated. Define my mental state and my mental status is directly proportional to my income generating abilities. This is very important. Read in your account 1 When the landlords and society owners messed with the tenants for ₹ 1.5 crore demat, it was like ghosts.  The wives said, this is what is happening to your demat demat because the tenant had Covid, so go back from outside the gate of the society, the wife is crying, give the toothbrush, I will give you the room, the room is booked here, he will take it from the same place and the one who belongs to the landlord.  There were different ways for this, I will not do it much otherwise people will be like what are you doing in the society, I don't want to do it but I am telling you the fact and when you are married and when you are a bachelor. And you don't have a house and you go to office to save rent, so you do n't get insulted too much. You went to your parents' house, you are working from home, you are on food, if you are married, your children's school.  You have a complete setup, you have a maid, you have settled in the house, what happens to bachelors, they are beggars, no sir, they just pick up their bags and go away, okay what about a bachelor, what about a suit, he took a bunch of clothes in it and went to wherever he was staying.  Can a married man leave so soon, leaving everything behind, everything of his is on the walls, TV, fridge, painting, children's clothes, how could he go and if he had to go, then why did he have to go, those who had to go because of their  I didn't have my own house, rest of the food and drink was from everywhere, it is not available like this, it is very expensive and in a small town it is very cheap, okay, this was the only expense I had to pay for the rent, so please understand the price once in a while. Now you will get hints for all prices like this  Let me give you what to do, whatever property you have, put it in a cluster, which I don't say, put it in a three genre like van, one tu, one, like if it is a car, then Swift is slow, it will come in Amazon, okay, Honda City Ciaz will come in one way.  It also happens in the above vehicles that if Q7 is of Audi, then it will be at par with the similar series of BMW. If you compare it with Q3 and Q7, because they all have different magazines, then as much as you can understand.  As it comes, you club it accordingly, now compare, people are comparing lorise with high rise, you can't compare, this owner is different, brother, this journal is different, now in that earlier, what I used to say is this van one, you are one three, so that I have three only.  Owner tell me, now there are more winners in that too, one side seat, one side seat, one side seat, one side seat, one seat inside three, if you collect this side seat, then these are two category awards. Dalni post is there because the floors are coming, earlier one Deendayal had floors of 70-80 lakhs, so you made him such 3 joiner, now brother, he is coming for 1.5 crores, 1.6, 1.8, so will you include him in this three?  Will be kept heard because their size has also become bigger and parking can also be done like this. If you get the specification also then of course they will get promoted. Tu ek tu bat dene ek tu ke insider aar de bahar wala seat.  There would be a seat date inside, it is also the difference because of which are your premium ones, which are luxury ones, then if we make these vans the same, then which vans will be the same which are so expensive, then different ones should be made in them.  If you need it, then you have to compare it yourself, I will do this comparison, but if it is education real estate, under what I am spreading, I am telling you how to give it, just like we do it for the brand, nor do we do this in any journal.  This is the top brand, this is the middle brand, this is the local brand at the bottom, so in the same way the brand also has to be done, if the end product is to be done, then what will be the stamp of the end product, it will depend on which animal it is seen in. Which builder is it, what is its brand, how is the location, how is the specification, how is the pricing, how are the facilities, then after a lot of mix and match, it gets the rating, now if it is a very ac3 product, then it is a very good investment sense.  It is possible that if it is a very good value for money product then I should not buy one with ac3 although its rate is slightly higher than ac3. You have a property worth 1 crore 10 lakhs and I am getting one in a tube ball, one is worth 20, one is worth 25 but its category is different.  If immunity is different, label is different, then it will make more sense to buy this, give this so I hope I am not confused, if you guys understand then please write S and if you don't understand then write N then I will go into more details.  I will tell you thank you very much