Hello friends, it is an interesting topic, do you get read about addiction of phone, social media, I have brought this very practical topic, many parents also complain that children keep intruding, yes, is it okay or do you yourself remain engaged like this, is it okay and many parents are worried about this.  Okay, so I will give a perspective on this, I will tell you how to do it and I am giving a template. This is a template to do any other kind of addiction, so maybe it is alcohol or cigarette.  Also maybe it can be done if you understand why it is first of all which is fine then understand what addiction is, being engaged in something without proof, rest of the things are normally fine and out of that brother-in-law, what is the basic problem of that?  There is no benefit because there is benefit in something, then if you tell him that he is doing less, he is doing less, money is working, then now no parent will say that a child is studying for 10 hours. So he will not say that you are addicted because of studies. First of all, if you understand that you are addicted, then why will studies not be done because it is perceived that there will be some benefit from studies, if there will be a competition or good marks will happen, if there is some good in it, then there will be some benefit in it.  Not speaking is addicting, like if you are conscious about your health, you do exercise, go to the gym, eat good food, are conscious, then you are benefiting from it, then no one will ever tell you that you are  Addicted to health and you know being working out and fitness is not called like this, addiction wherever it is used is a word, it is something negative or something which does not provide any benefit, so let us understand this thing first because if not this thing.  If we understand this then we will not be able to date this phone, social media and its show addiction which is tomorrow. One more thing I want to tell the parents is this too especially those who think like children that 30 years from today will be 40 years.  Earlier, in old India, if a Jain had time, then the children had to play with a gray stick like throwing glass, parents used to lag behind in the time, comic is a relief, he does this, because what are the children all the time?  Children do not have the knowledge about which thing is more and which thing is more or less because the education which is given in India the day before yesterday has no taste, there is no enjoyment in the thing, the way in which the knowledge is given and explained is not interesting at all.  Have to do something that gives you pleasure and  If the child is enjoying those things, the child is getting happiness, the dopamine is getting high, the technique of which is not there yet, which is not going to be of any benefit in future, then it appears as an addiction to the parents, as I explained earlier, I have explained a lot of style difference.  First of all, it is very important to understand that and you are also called addicted, it means that through it you are reducing the value which is not deriving, now like the person who was earlier playing glass was aiming, then he became a shooter.  or some  Like this, he has reduced his hand-eye co-ordination or later on, he was putting more effort in cricket. I do n't know, he became a cricketer, he became something, then the parents do not have any problem, our problem in the society is that whatever we do, If we use some money from it, it is a simple matter, the value comes out in the form of money, ultimately those who study are also withdrawing money from it and what are they withdrawing? If they get a job, then what kind of job?  What is money, so basically the thing is not being monetized, the thing which is being consumed only for our good, then that thing is addiction, so you have to consume things consciously, but for example, there is junk food, now there are no nutrients in it.  They are taking out and consuming too much, the stomach is also getting worse, the heart is also getting worse, the liver is also getting worse, the hands are also getting conceited, something else is also happening.  If you are facing problems and the goods are not yielding anything, then it is said that this is a war. In this way, if you are seeing junk on social media and most of the people are seeing junk, then there is no benefit from it, so first of all you should take care of yourself.  Do n't tell the child that don't do this, it is very easy to say, don't do it, then what to do unless you substitute him, dog is like sugar, mother, it is good, it is okay, as long as you are not good, dog, he needs sweetness, now mother.  take sugar is not good  So brother, you will have to arrange for jaggery, don't you arrange for jaggery without jaggery? Tell the next person to change the sugar, sugar means sugar, that is, I felt it because sugar craving will come or if you want some sweetness, if you want something, then he needs it. You understand what I am saying, it is the same thing.  Date powder is fine, it comes out some of yours, some of it comes out, so if you tell someone without giving healthy butter alternative, it has no meaning, then you have to tell the children that it is applicable for you also.  It is for everyone too, like this is a video or my videos or any of my equipment, from which content or video you are watching, nothing can be taken away in written form, the content cannot be monetized by using your imagination, consciousness, wisdom.  It is nonsense that knowledge cannot be used for money, it has no meaning. Okay, now I will mention some names and do not condemn because I have also seen that like Ranveer Alava, he is very popular on YouTube, so I have no shame in him.  And brother, there is no fear of telling those things where no take is ever less, he is good, cute looking, he is doing well for himself, but now it is as if he called one of his celebrity guests and talked to him like this, he talked, good. What good do you do to them by becoming a big auditor, what are you consuming, what is my eternal right, what is the benefit to me and do all the content like this because look, you have to remain addicted, no one can take it.  consume  Look at what she is doing, this is a modern food, this mobile that you are carrying around has many benefits, it has to keep many people busy, all the elderly people can ask it for good morning messages and they all keep sending it. Look at the mobile in the hands of the parents, then they will tell you what it means. Parents do not care about us, they do not even ask. If you have given a mobile in the hand of a child, then what is the meaning of that? Many people love it.  I get time but now What is that child looking at? What is the old man looking at? Your young man is looking at you and even leaning on him while going away, as I have seen in very old people, they keep looking at a lot of spirituality, it is okay for the babo, why is their knowledge nonsense? Why is the knowledge okay, but if it is nonsense then what have I done in my life, I kept listening, kept listening, when I stayed for seven days, I came after listening to the satsang, and came back at 6:30 o'clock.  it  I was thinking that I will come at 8:30, I will come along at eight, there will be vegetables prepared, there will be a lot of food prepared, I will eat it quietly, but when I came, I saw that the daughter-in-law was busy licking her husband and the other old man, Buddhaji, his father-in-law.  Yes, he is waiting, where did you go and you have to come and cook food yourself? Now if you have to cook food during satsang, then brother, all that knowledge is left there, don't you keep cool, stay cool till we come out of the street, then the story. She doesn't have children, what kind of daughter-in-law she is, she does n't do anything, I don't have to do this, when will I retire, you have retired and he is not coming, then I say, hey friend, you too had gone, what happened to this, is it okay, dead hour, did the coins come?  You are right, coins are nothing, consume anything, you should show its benefits, otherwise it means that if you do not go to satsang, you have prepared the food, you know how to prepare it, in 15 minutes you have whistled even dal, roti, advised everyone, cat, dog.  If you do a dog then you take it as your own. At least you save an hour of your time. To avoid an activity for 15 minutes, to show your daughter-in-law's eye to her, daughter-in-law's eye means to do this. Haryanvi Proverb Off Off You Know Ki Tring Tu Shot Out De Percentage And You Know Try Tu Pat Sambdi In This Place And Control Or Any Butter Translation From It So You Tell Me Okay So Aapne Bahu Ko Had To Do  The daughter-in-law is more classy than you, even these days, brother, he has taken out more, if you want to do painting, then that file is above, I don't know which processor is his, so he thinks that he will come roaming around when you have come even after doing your daily routine, why?  Anger sometimes calms down, then whenever they come, they will come with the comfort of Kulfi Kulfi, it is okay, so this is the knowledge that whenever you are consuming that thing, it should be monetized and like me. People have taken my platinum membership, I only take them towards monetization, from every video of mine, I want your fragrance of money, that money talks about money, it is a relief, you always talk about whom, this floor is kept in liquid cash.  Papa ji had taken it sometime 50 years ago in Delhi, now it is worth 7 crores in Sharda Rajendra Nagar, so no no, 7 crores is not in the bank, no bank means, I will give you a check cat of that much money, take it like this when you have so much.  If you do n't go then tell me Manish because when so much will come then you will not speak now. Have you heard any rich man speaking, I have written this note. Everything is spoken by the middle class only the poor have to sleep. Never say poor. He knows his social status.  We have to stay inside the media. Twitter is something which can be completely avoided. There is no one who monetizes it. See Instagram followers. It is monetized. Now you have to see that this girl in Instagram has such numbers.  She is demonstrating, what benefit am I getting by following her, friend, every time I like her, she does something for her and takes her money, then why are you wasting your time on her in a real relationship, honey, sometime I will teach you how to get that dopamine.  After seeing that, when the situation came in real life, your power to attract is zero of the opposite sex, caste is boys, they are traveling big, then they say girls are Gandhi, area is 498 and keep watching all day long. So if you hate girls then don't even watch it, then you girls are not running away from the topic the whole day, I am addressing the addiction only because when your son is in this addiction and he is engaged and visible means he  Such a person is not taking much knowledge, Guru ji wala is taking something else, he is not burning so much intelligence and discretion, he has been in some other place because brother, he is not having the capability in real life because he has got involved in these things and then there.  hate this is happening  This is not happening, tell me, elder boys treat me like this because when the program gets spoiled, they get very irritated due to the bad habits of childhood and that is also an addiction, we will discuss that addiction also sometime and that addiction is also the same for you.  Have to put because you do n't have any butter thing to utilize that emptiness and time because when you waste time in one thing where you don't get anything then you go into guilt and belt that it will be a live paste.  big to me Then it becomes big and then to get rid of it, again it goes into something like this, if you get into such a thing where you tell me if you have a pen in your hand, you have a diary or a notebook in your hand and  If you are consuming something then nothing can go wrong because now when you are doing it with your hands then the brain is doing it. You are hearing something which is worth noting. Is what I am saying worth noting, brother?  Have I prepared this template for you and your children?  Can you give consultation? Can you give consultation in your community? This is exactly the language, I will not speak about this template of Chura, you are my subscribers, you are so connected to both of them, if you like, then that is mine to give you something.  Don't consume that thing which you can't write because can you laugh a little after listening to someone's jokes and get some takeaway from it, friend, listen to such knowledge of all time, enjoy.  Will there be fun in this? Do people see comedy in my videos or not? Then tell me what is mine too. Are you getting heavy faults? Is that not fun? Is there no fun in my button? Is knowledge only heavy?  It will be fun, it will also be monetized, learning will also get value, many people will write in the comment area, I could not sleep without watching your videos, but I am addicted to it. If the moment is an addiction, then it means value is lost.  If this is happening then you should be sleeping. You are not sleeping because you are not having sex. There is some issue in your digestive power. You eat food late. It is okay. My videos definitely give you coolness but it is not necessary to be addicted. Addicted to anything. If you are not addicted to my video, then it is a good thing. If you are getting any edit for my video, then edit means no value. I explained the meaning of edit so well. When you smoke a cigarette, there is no value in it. Cigarette.  There is no benefit in blowing, then it is called that, but if you are drinking buttermilk at 12:00 pm in the day in summer, it is good you bill note that I am addicted to one glass of buttermilk at 12:00 pm in the afternoon.  Summer time no but you bill se because it is good but health aap eats soaked figs in the morning at night do to aapne bolunga addicted tu ajit na it is n healthy  Think if you have figs in your stomach on an empty stomach in the morning, then the dents that come out of it, that is your hair, it improves the movement of your stomach, it heals your ankles, then the thing that is beneficial for you, you never say it, you are addicted.  Yes, you understand what I am saying is right, you cannot say that you have to eat food every day, you have to eat bread, you have to get strength, you need strength, it is okay to eat food, man is addicted to tea because anything that kills him can cause headache. and that  It was not giving value and was removing the emptiness of life, so we drink tea, now you want to see, I want to see whoever leaves me for one day, you can leave it for one day, you will know, Utda Punjab will be seen to be flying.  There is a saying about food in 'Chhadne Se Udta Punjab', 'Uda Punjab Movie Thi Na', if some ants with addiction are coming, then that food thing is the communication skill, which has given it a word by which it has been understood, otherwise what should I say, which one should I say?  It will happen like this, okay, I will say some more words and with some more control, it will happen like this, I have to say this, it is okay with you because it was a movie, I am not criticizing Punjab, okay, the movie was made, you know the topic, okay.  If so, there is only one way to remove the addiction, that is to replace it with something productive. Just like there is a cigarette in this spare, nothing can be replaced in the cigarette, now I can smoke a good cigarette, but the content consumption of social media.  Is You can change what you are consuming because you can tweet it, like eating junk food and not getting nutrients in the food, then if I post on social media that my child is eating like junk food and is not taking any nutrients.  He doesn't have any skill, he does n't have any copy, he doesn't have the skill to speak, he doesn't understand, he doesn't understand what it means, he can't monetize his knowledge, he has no use of knowledge, he has no use of knowledge like A podcast is being conducted in different content. A man is telling something. There should be a commentary from him. What is your concern after listening to his story? If he has uprooted the flag, then what will happen to you if he uproots the flag? I will like it, I will get motivation. People are busy in motivation, okay, I will make a video on this also sometime, what is butter, so please like, subscribe and please follow your social media, whatever is your time consumption. Please, when you note down, or when you consume something, these hands and this notebook, do n't even fear too much, don't move, don't move, don't move, your time will automatically reduce, it will automatically reduce because the content which is sleeping content, which is my content. People watch my videos a couple of times, make notes and then after watching, I have to tell people within 15-20 minutes, go quietly and watch, don't watch in 1.5x, no one is cheating on you in 1.5x. In the exam, you only have to find out the truth of three and the truth of four, you don't have to understand anything. In the exam, when there is cheating, you don't ask, you ask the next person, if four is C, then you write it down, don't ask now.  Please explain, because to gain knowledge is not to kill time, so people are living life like this and also have to write content on YouTube in watch 1.5x because they too do not have to learn anything, they also just  You don't have to consume, you can do it 1 27 Have you heard because brother, you have to absorb what I am saying, you also have to eat, when you eat food, do you put as many morsels as per the size of your mouth, do you put a little less?  Do n't you think that everything is being absorbed? Conscious is absorbing everyone, so please watch only such content which you can watch at 1x. If you do not have the patience to watch it at 1x, then watch that content.  That's it, then it may not even be of any benefit to you. The content is very good but you do n't even know how to take benefit from it. It is like if someone is lactose intolerant and if he is caste then he is told, brother, don't drink milk.  It is a good thing for me but it is not a good thing for you. I hope you understand these examples, they improve your communication skills. Always keep your point like this. Next people who are so impressed by me in every video of mine.  Under the examples, I tell you that these can become your tax examples. Those people who have made notebooks are doing very well. Okay, what will you make, that is, will you implement what I told you, then please write in the comment area that yes, they will implement the bill, thank you.  very match