Hello friends, today's topic is real estate video, today's topic is five objections of wife while purchasing a new property, how to handle this, which is the Rs 500 that every husband has to face, who are the women who are racing?  C option is whenever the properties are going to buy it, I want to give them a new perspective, so all the husbands should watch this video and also forward the letters to their wives, okay  So you people will get a lot of clarity on this, I am bringing the latest real estate from Android, it is applicable pan India, I will tell you like the example of Gurgaon, but in this video, it is applicable in India because of its form and relatives, okay, so let's start whenever.  When we go to buy a house, the focus of women is on these things. This is quite different from that of men. The focus of the leaves is that the volume of the leaves is most important because  Most of the money is given to them by withdrawing it, everything is mostly fine and their focus remains, how much is the thing, what is the payment plan, what is Rochelle, what is it, they do not look at the woman's eyes, when a woman goes to a sample apartment, then the first object of the woman when she goes in is  So the options that are coming these days, I am telling you according to the current market, the first option is that the attractive kitchen is small because sitting with the developers at the designing level and all this at the level, I am in this world, so all this input both.  I have to pay from the side, it's okay for me, so I would like to tell the subject to the women that I would like to answer the kitchen is a small, so if the woman is inside it, then she is finding the kitchen smart, as the people in their twenties are not finding it small, this is the website. Because she is a woman under 34, her kitchen and cooking skills are very much compared to what is being provided today but in that I would like to tell because of modular kitchen. Concept, one thing that has changed that Chandra had not changed earlier, I would like to tell that if you live in a house that is 10 years old or 5 years old, then if you go to the kitchen, then the juice in the kitchen is above lakhs.  There is wooden work, it is two feet long and two and a half feet high, there are two feet above it, whether you have eaten it or not, now inside the kitchen, storage space is being created from bottom to top. Now people will say that the height of the lady is five feet.  food five  Foot 3155 This is the hit of women, even the maids also come, nobody has snacks and sweets, then there are no men too, if the height is less, then their hands are limited only to that extent, earlier things used to be made as far as they could go, that Salman  I put it in and took it out but now it is being built up to the top so in the development model and concept things were being built up to the top but I will take less of this technology. Another option is a small one of one and a half to two feet, you can keep that in the school.  This type of space is meant to be kept in the kitchen so that you can easily access it and there you can put such items which you do not need to use for daily needs. You will not see that question ready like this, no one has made it completely, there are many market builders who spend a lot of money, maybe some are visible there but you can make it, you have to visualize it, the storage space of the kitchen practically.  It becomes more than double because there are many such things like tea leaves which you have to use after three months or two months, the packet will be open at the bottom and only then someone will come to your shop, is it theirs and can be returned or is it like this which is in storage?  When it is over, I will take it out from above. You are women, you all understand what are the things in the kitchen, the kind of utensils which are used for special cooking, which are not used for everyday cooking, big pans when guests come.  big kheer big something  I leave that kind of cooking to your imagination, but this kind of thirty percent content which is Salman, which is there in the kitchen, can be adjusted there, the rest below, by the way, who is there below that the batter is being utilized through space technology? One thing which was not there earlier and is increasing now is the point gas line will be available in all the markets in the market, due to which the amount that used to be left for the cylinder at a huge source is also no longer requested, hence the cylinder used to go where the cylinder used to go.  To you  You know, LPG had its own smell, there was a little rust in that area and that pipeline was getting angry from within, so you had to leave space around it too, there was nothing like that you could remember the potato.  You could have launched that thing on mute, there is enough space, if you look at the place where your stove is kept then it is fine with interest. With coming up chimney, bath, there is no issue of roaming around either inside the kitchen or clutch.  Age and all the oil is coming out and dripping so friend sir I am sorted out and when you see in flats unlike utha kitchen ventilation is very good day test in balcony Muslim that I have seen less in test chambers from balcony that sensor in the middle corner  In that, who is right, that too is an added advantage and change, and what is the benefit of UP Little Balcony, that the size of the kitchen may seem small to you, but there you can believe it.  You can keep a dish washer etc. What is the benefit of having a dish washer that your requirement of utensils gets reduced by relatively thirty percent, so their system with false utensils is not there, you can use it twice a day, only made ones are trending these days.  You get good training, you get discus twice in your comfort, it feels good in the morning and evening, it washes the utensils well, it comes out completely dry, it is fun and you don't feel that you do n't feel like a spacious kitchen if you don't have that space.  A little mind, now non- real estate is becoming very expensive. If we go by the carpet area, then 13-14 carats are kept everywhere and on top like the stomach, there are alien tools at the time, but the luxury ones are coming, 1617 18,000 are also coming, then this  I am making this detailed video of the kitchen in detail. It is okay for you guys to watch it very quietly because when you select and bring the property, all that has to be finalized.  If it is set on that day, then the woman vetoes it on that day, in the same way, China allows India to enter the United Security Council, okay, then it becomes a vet, neither I nor this, something else happens, okay, second thing, objection, generally speaking short of things.  That this room is small, the bathroom is small, so the matches come above the bathroom, the bathroom, you have to relax, now tell me the thing on the Indian real estate market, the bathroom of Rs. 75, wash this cent dam, this is the new, first of all, to wish, whatever you want.  Do it but there is a parameter, smaller than 75 in the bathroom, 75 is the average, it's okay, 85 is good, 95997756, if you like it then you will take it in the subscription, if your bathroom is per square feet, then it is like you can deposit if it is smaller than 85 or half.  Seven times 5 and a half pockets, if it is 40 then please like good. If the product strip is square feet then it is 40.  If you are above 50, I have seen big projects, if you see, then tell me that 50 should be above 50 again, big Britney, because today what is that terria dry area inside how to use a komodo, water will come, desire can come, eat.  Win over his job placement. Now Akram, your bathroom seems bigger than that, that too is an architectural thing, it seems bigger, especially now like there is no pillar in the rest of the bathroom. There are new bathrooms for all four.  Is there any swelling in the body? What size did you tell? 10,000 all different sizes. Kitchen, we have addressed it. We have now addressed the bathroom. Now after that you are fine in the balance. Balcony, this is to understand that women like balconies because the air comes from there. Utilization can be a reminder that a woman should also have a function, she should also have a washing machine to dry clothes, instead of drinking a cup of tea, women should have that kind of calculation. I want to tell you that Meghnad.  Number, I am coming, by keeping myself from the very top, I understood you guys very deeply, women, you got all this from the balcony, if not from ₹ 500, then that Bigg Boss attracted more inside the subscribe, men, women also good  To make everyone understand, tighten both the serials of Plus and multiply by 1.42, then till the super area it will be free dish, both you should be at 70% minimum, cigarette formula of people, assume 80 carpets.  area and balcony of 200 feet then 8200 thousands-thousands is multi-crore 1.42 so make sure that if it is 200 then it is ok then it will be 70 then also the correct answer is if it is 604 then also the answer is and for 500 like this 514 then e request you want a situation that alien is more then that answer is 1420 but  950 cities are fine from inside but if functionality is not done then nothing can be done, hence it comes to the level, how much balance has to be done, even sitting at this level, consultation has to be done and the balance has to be taken that many people add Raipur and mix it and do big marketing.  My brother, there is vestige in it, round ball tennis, balcony with different rooms, this is so that their fans can't sit in MLA Sukharam the day after tomorrow and drink their tea and then even pass by there.  It seems to me that the balcony is at the back, so I am here, I drink tea, you understand, it has about 8 to 9 cents and consider cheese has come on top, more than that, then put some more in my hair. Has less meaning than that, everything is relative journey, this which is deep in me and so many trees, which I lip from consultation, see the project, formula witch time, username of giving a tough post, it becomes a like, it is a request to you people, do not subscribe the channel.  If you do so, there is an option to thank you for subscribing and there is also an option to become your platinum member. I am not in reduction consultation and spreading real estate education 127 number one it is page number 90 number two if it starts coming up then why should I automatically  So not some of the things like that I got you understand how you get a woman to women to men through because that's a big thing that whenever you go to see the house  Sample flat or if you have collected all your existing furniture, what is the solution, I had organized two marriages, what bread did I bring, what accounts did my father give me, I was a resident of Saharanpur, I caught that big bed from Saharanpur.  Father gave me the information on which if you put in A flats then you can get down last, ca n't get down right or can open the door, then you will have to take that stuff out from behind, his house is good as per the new house, now I am not going to take the name of the brand. But do you know that these come after frying, it is okay that all the stuff comes in one go, we Hindustani Most Office brothers with so much money, never respect us in one go, sometimes our fennel comes, sometimes the time table comes, sometimes okay.  And then the daughter is walking sometime, he feels like this is not a relative, this is not furniture for the family, furniture of different times because if you know, I have used it in this film, like this wooden Tik Tok Badi.  If there is one call then the whole house is there  If it looks like this then it has a different charm, now you will have to buy it in one go only because there is an opportunity to get different types of it in one go, it happens only when you buy a new house, otherwise we are buying things slowly, now we are rocking chair.  Have you ever taken fennel seeds for someone else? If you have taken fennel, the dining table is of a different color and it is different, then pick it once. Like, if you have made the house nice once by doing an interior designer etc., then if you do that, then you will stay in the house.  can like you sample In flat, I say, take their photo in the same way, produce it in the same way, there will be some peace, that's why they look good, thanks, because ignore them, keep looking at the mix, collect the sizing, here the thing will come according to some calculation, you gave your existing Samadhi to your existing Salman 4  It will cost Rs 5-6 lakhs, now it will have an LED TV, it will fit in the wall, there is no need to buy it, you have got a good fridge, it will also be adjusted, but I don't have much furniture in the house. Placement will be taken accordingly. If you combine the existing furniture worth Rs. 4 lakhs and find a flat, you will spend Rs. 40 lakhs this year. Do you understand this, nor does anyone who is selling the things understand this?  Let's come and talk about the size of the rooms. How has the status of the rooms become now? What I am telling you about today was not there earlier. Earlier it had happened in Delhi and Mumbai that the two rooms on my side were wallows.  President, if you put a triangle on it and a rectangle, then the length * increases. Okay, so two sides are always equal on opposite sides, so both the sides have to be in this double digit, luxury, now we will say 1022 luxury, did you understand what I want to say that that  The room is 10 by 10 but there is no cupboard in it, so if you put two cupboards in one room then it will be 10 minutes, so it is not necessary that it is single.  If the digit is reached, then in Mumbai and Delhi, one wall has entered single digit, one side of the wall has reached single digit, sun of foot is done, if there is room of rosary 11 etc. then two feet, if there is cupboard in it, it means.  That religion is this wall and if it was shown at many places in the organization then the second consideration would be if both the double digits are left for me like this then very big views would have come in the market and you will see right now most of them have come in single digits. Nine and a half photos, caste specific, also fine, that is, if my room is 12 by 11 and I have two hanging cupboards, it is normal, two pinches of 18 to 20 inches are not only 24 inches, but even 20's Aarti 18 CR depends, then it is normal. Bike bar from the middle, which your coat sleeps, which looks like this shoulder, this much is mine, it will grow a little after wearing my coat, then I will put it in the house, this much. If you want to put it like this then you need a cupboard of 22 inches, but nowadays designing is given to put it like this, you people have to see my research, I am going inside till this level because all this is also a part of consultation, giving that to big people, normal people.  Now tell me what to do latest and yes brother, we will manage even with 18 inches because these days these evil forces are changing the business. We used to put more of the same on top, that too is a habit of ours.  If it is not being used, then it is put. They say that they will make our room in such a way that I had told them in the kitchen that if we use it completely, then the cloth which we used to put like this, can also be put like this, it saves six inches of space for you. 7 inches, 6 to 7 inches and if your room becomes bigger, then the speed will come out that this is 18 to 20 inches, this is the off bus and you are also seeing one more thing in the size of the rooms that now it is like we are India progressing.  If the circulation increases then it is the space for individual children. An 18 year old child also has his brother. Marriages are also happening these days. Children till the age of 26, 27, 28 are getting married. This is a required individual room. So if the couple is sister-brother then they are one.  Two brothers do not live in the same room. Two brothers also want a separate room. Dayal Singh's daughter, the younger one will also do. If I want a phone, then the additional room also has a value.  Additional room is coming, they are saying that if you give three rooms even in 1415 hundred and fifteen hundred feet, then there is a better option here, so this is the latest part of what we are discussing and it has a result, you will not find two BHK at this low price.  If it is a couple then it is fine but if wherever we go as per the adult in the family or for 16 17 18 years they have their own space of their book electronic We are sitting with so many items, today you yourself see how well the chargers are in your house, how well they are spread, so these days, by using all these things in a proper way, we have bought battery furniture in our country and all those things too.  You can do it very well. Another question that comes to women many times is that if the density seems high to them or it is too flat than it is okay then they have to see that it has been done after death as much as SPR is government permit.  the builder will do it  If he builds that much, then something is 9th consumer specific, the length is more, if he builds less flats, then that money has to be paid to you, then he will go to the luxury segment, then you will have the old suicide like earlier there were co-operative societies and already people have given their Received the slip and found out the rate of the flat. If I talk about a long time ago, there was a Jhank Cooperative in Dwarka etc., it was also built in Gurgaon which housed 2557 people.  Then he started feeling like it, then he also said that it is so, but increase this much fat and for 21 lakhs from you, yes, if you do it then from the time, it seems more clear than human, if it seems more, then the rate, then that every thing.  This is the price, if you want to do it in less then you have to see one thing that it is not that people of the society keep roaming around all the time and you keep bumping into them, these people also go to many offices and also live inside their homes and  Vote  For this, you can also say that space is being created below by going, so if you know that there is a society of cut with a cutter along with the royalty society, then how many people are coming to see the towers also, to see the towers also, then the density, now the table gives us the density.  What I taught, I taught these words, no one used to speak Tasty Antique in real estate a year ago, brother, everyone is ahead of the lighting, look at this light, you have to live in it, the concept of Tasty is in the fuel market these days, when people go to buy it.  Those who are my subscribers, where first of all they ask, brother, tell me how many acres of flight to see, then today I want to tell you this traditional thing, it is tasty for you, so you have to do major, important for you to judge and compare project because similar food.  At One Place and Service Congress understands this, so I want to add more things to it, logically, the number of flowers is also important in it because if there are less flights in the cases, but I I have built less floors and if my towers are too high then I will not get open space again. Although technically my duties will be more, so as the syllabus increases, the classes increase, the air base is increasing and you guys have been associated with me for a long time, so I Now the things that I am going to discuss are like this video, how did you like this video, such detailed video, do you want me to explain further to understand so much, real estate is the biggest in more than 500, 600, 800 crores, but that too is okay.  So this real estate is the cost and work and wealth of the ultra-rich and the size of the country of the world. So if you understand this thing, then you do not know from all this study that you know that you have to buy from so many channels, how many channels of it.  Take it, take it Technical Guruji Jhala, this topics ad is the best camera in 20,000, what kind of research do you do in it, it was worth 30-40 50,000, even if you buy it, if people are bad, then buy it again, then buy a phone, then this is  There is a thing which cannot be bought again after six months, after six months something else better will come and there is so much discussion on it. You see how much discussion is there on the vehicles, whereas in a car worth five to seven lakhs, there is a choice of five vehicles, how much discussion is there on it.  Okay, what else is there so much discussion on, real estate education, then why is there no felt tip, there is a lot of sarcasm, take this one, take another stock, take this, take the nifty, take the vote, take the shot tomorrow, take the shot, lock so and so, threaten all. English Hindi Sub Report Research Report 10,000 Brokerage Houses Okay, this person is saying this, the opposite is saying this, he is saying this, brother, if you have not subscribed to this channel, then I want real estate without doing it in the country.  My request is that please forward this education to the people and spread it to the people. Don't let the ground reality sit in your drawing room and discuss it in your bedroom. Some tailor suit cannot be made as per your wish.  It has been that you take a cloth and you say, I will make this, bring this also, he will do this, this is not being made, you do not have so much option in making a plot, friends, take any plot of time, people are making similar things.  There is no inspection even if something goes, so we have to learn about it, the more we learn, the less and I will finish by telling you all about this very important thing and tell is it or not from 2022 to 2008. Nowadays I am watching.  And if you want to use the first one, then you can use Purchasing Power Parity in English and Adjusted. I am a direct witness to the fact that I am an average middle class man and an upper middle class man who has acquired property worth hundreds of crores of rupees in his lifetime.  What happens is that the one who is doing it himself is a relative of the person, the decision can be coincident with him, after hearing this you will become his once I am going to be Android, the property of inheritance will be yours. Brother-in-law is taking it, brother-in-law is taking it, your brother is taking it, your father is giving it, your son is taking it, bacterial brain is taking it, it is very important, 50 years journey, I am saying 50 years journey.  Meaning, when you were 22 years old, your father was taking something, then you took it, then your relatives lived there, then your children, then if we have done a transaction of Rs 100 crore in real estate, will you buy that thing some other time?  If you sell it and then buy something else, then calculate today that if you are 50 years old, how many real estate transactions have you witnessed in your life? If you had more clarity in them, you would have had complete knowledge about everything, then that would have happened.  A lot of money can be earned and lost in those things and over a period of years. It is more about how much you are earning in the job, how many people are doing coaching for jobs, do you know how much meaning is there in it?  If people work hard then why not continue it at this time because the real motive wealth is inside it, its real estate is the storehouse and creator of the wealth, the biggest wealth on the world, right and that is right now, it has come out of fan select anywhere, just like Aakash Institute is on the arm. We are fine, we know it is fine, so Akash Choudhary ji is the promoter, now he has bought a property in Delhi for Rs. 135 crores, which means when he sends things to himself, then now he who has got his share of eight thousand crores. Send if you have sold then that tweet in which you will buy a property worth crores. Ok third purchase is our tube Reliance's accept big thing which will help you understand how to value how to know something is value for money overpriced price 500 500 see the loot directly my journey  It will be continued that you people have to write questions and you need detailed details on such things because it is effective and real. State and it is such a question that I cannot answer it. If for some reason there is a percent chance that I will not be able to answer it immediately, then I will answer it by the next day. There is no such thing in real estate that is in anyone's mind.  Come and I could not answer, however my candidate is that if that thing is in your mind also, then tease those subjects or come in your mind but till now you have not talked to anyone about it.  Discuss That You Are Worried When You Die Because I Want To Take Out Hard Work Out From This Decision-Making I Want You To Give People A Good Templates They Renew Habit Church And You Take The Decision Solid These kids are roaming in the market saver Mode Qualified Gender Real Estate Resource It seems that there is something related, do not rely on them for decision-making, use your brain to take your level up so much.  By subscribing, I want all of you to become Clarity One Real Estate in India December 21st. Okay, I will push myself harder to try to be number one. Thank you Remix.