Hello friends, this is a very deep and amazing topic. The name of the topic is Roll of Sir Adept in Your Life. Now it seems like a big English term. You can call it luck in simple English. Please understand its meaning by googling. That too in English.  It will also get a little better, okay, those who don't know, many will know, you are going to be very liberated by this, youth, all the people who are working, looking for jobs, are working hard, your children, if you are watching the elders.  This is going to give you a lot of clarity. You will not find any such video. Let's start with the example. India's population is 144-145 crores. Very small children are taken out. Very small means absolutely tiny, so assume 128 crore children above 5 years of age. We have taken them.  Let's play a game for 128 crore Indians. Let's play a game on a particular day. Let's start from day one. And what is that game that we will become pairs for 128 crores.  64 crore more toss will be held in such a toss that whoever wins the toss will get heads or tails of the coin, whoever wins will go to the next round, whoever loses will sit peacefully in his house and the game will continue, so like on the first day, 64 crore pairs were formed out of 128 crores. Then the next day it became only 32 crores, then 16 crores because it is becoming head tails, half the people will win, half will lose, then 16 crores, 8 crores, 4 crores, 2 crores, 1 crore.  50 Lakhs 25 Lakhs 125 Lakhs 1.25 Lakhs 1.25 Lakhs If you do this then in 27 days, 10 people will be saved. By doing this, 10 people will be saved. In the end, if such a game is played, as I said, if India plays something like this, India.  After playing it, you all will know what has happened inside it, in which if you have intelligence, but the media channels, social media, the whole tantra mantra, society, it is like interviewing these 10 people.  Will reach first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, eighth, ninth, tenth, brother, sister, who is it, how did you win, you can be from among them, one of them says that I am an engineer of IIT, and a sound of 'Khan' comes and I always know.  If there is blood then heads will come and if there is blood then tails will come and I have figured it out, someone will say this to me, then Mata Rani comes and tells me, someone will say, my card is open, I would have come to know first. Anyone can come and claim anything and we know from this example, we know that many people know, like right now I am telling you the example, then you people must be feeling like no, no Guru ji, what is the time to do this. How do we know when they start drinking milk in real life in India? Some god suddenly and the whole world is making them drink like this, okay and actually it is going into the drains from behind, so all of them are like us.  If someone comes and says, what's the luck? What's great in this? Hey, don't talk nonsense. This guy has got it right 27 times. Damn, there must be something. There must be some torture. If someone does it 2 times, yes even if he does it 27 times, then so many people were standing there.  This much will be made when it is over a period of life. Look, if this example will play out in 27 days, then I believe that many people are intelligent and this  Under the example, we will see that there is no talent in this, it is just a game of probability, we started with 128, the next day it became 64 32 16, so what is so great about it, this thing is happening in real life and in our lives.  We put the motives there and now I am going to tell you the learning from this. You see that if your coin comes out on the third day, someone comes out on the second day, someone comes out on the first day and someone comes out on the 18th day.  Everyone will be on different days, somewhere or the other 10 people are winning, so brother, what should you do in your life because this game is playing out when you are giving exam for a job, this game is going on inside the marriage.  You are looking for girls, you are looking for boys, this thing is being played out there, it is being played out everywhere in life, it is happening inside your promotion, you go to a department in the government, there is another batch, no matter whose batch it is.  yes  Take the batch of IAS, no matter how many government departments you know, there are 1000 of them, one batch comes, one recruitment is fine and he slowly moves up, now only one of them will reach the top, the rest just fall like this. Someone's mother will be sick, son or child is unwell, someone's child is not being born, someone is having issues in their marriage, they are falling out because they are not able to perform that well in the job.  They were selected together, due to some reason they are not able to perform. Many times what happens is that those who are the toppers of the batch, who are very talented when young people get employed, they are not able to go much further and someone else reaches there.  He comes and narrates his stories while she is playing it out everywhere. Hey, so what happens like this, there is no point in hard work. Hey, can any man consider even tossing a coin as hard work, that it takes a lot of hard work? You pay attention.  understand  It's not about hard work either, but you poets should understand what they have to say, there will be a lot of things like this in life, there are going to be three, four, five learnings from this, there are going to be many take aways, watch these videos peacefully, there are deep videos, there are higher order thinking ones, incidentally I mention one thing here.  I would like to do this, my content is so original that I can come and say that it is original, while there is a top writer who has done a little bit of my work and he is the one who appeared for UPSC exam the day before yesterday. Now I ca n't blame them because they have a content writer team, they steal from Chutku channel that they are sitting with lakhs of subscribers, who knows this, we don't know how many crores they are sitting with 2.5 crores and 3.3 crores. Only it will be seen and is seen and the entire content is stolen. Many a times there is pain in the heart because you don't even acknowledge, friend, don't tell me, friend, if Guruji speaks, then these  Get up from things. Yes, till now maybe I have not become such a big guru that I probably won't get up from these things. I will get up gradually. One thing is good that he covered it well. He is about UPSC exam and parenting. He is the top motivation guru of India.  You guys know his name, you all know that he had covered my topic very well and he said in his video in that channel, ' Who is YouTube0, please tell me, friend, I am I am, I am two and a half.  I have been telling you for years what is the problem of these YouTubers, their content team steals one thing from somewhere and gets views, after that they don't take you anywhere. If you are connected with me then you are going everywhere you are.  Going somewhere something is happening I am changing the thought process my all videos are pushing you in some direction and giving you clarity all are linked so in this one I  I would like to tell you something simple, you have to look carefully in life, there are poor people, there is middle class and there are rich people. Why the chance of rich and poor both to win games of life is high. I will tell you and what middle  Class is doing again I will tell you that the poor child is playing a lot of games. The child of the poor is playing a lot of games. He is also applying for chapra. Clerk is also applying.  Group B is also doing it, the officer is also doing it, I do n't know, everything has been opened everywhere and the middle class, she wants to play the game of one coin, okay, I left on the 12th day, we will try again next time.  They left on the 18th day and then on the 19th day, still that game is not being won because only 10 will reach in 27 days and so many other children are playing this game that you have no chance of probability and those who are rich  And he is not playing this game at all, he says, I don't want to play, it's okay, my work is set, father has set everything, it is ours, he is rich, he is getting richer, they don't know how to make money, he is playing some other game of his own.  And there is no chance in that game, like this, there is chit, my pat is also my Aada, my father's which I hit a dialogue, not there, both of them will win and Aada means if the coin stands up, then that  Dad's is ours, it's okay, this is the dialogue, it's okay, so the middle class has to realize that you have to play many games that is the first take away and the second take away is you have to play the winning game if you are in a game  Which you're losing and you're going to lose and you've lost change the game don't play that game she could be your job go after this girl in your relationship  They are running after that, this is going, that is going, brother, the factor of luck is playing out a lot in everything, the writing is on the wall, do n't get stuck thinking that only I have to become an IAS, I will work hard because I am in IAS.  The person who has become an IAS, give him the prelim exam again after two days, he is not going to pass it because it is a game of coins, next brother, if you have heard only this many coins, then your paper gets cut or it is night.  If someone comes to you in a dream and tells you, then the next time the game is played, you should win. Next time there will be another winner. You will never get even one winner again. If you play the game of 128 crores again, then the 10 who won will be the same again. You people also know that the same story is happening in all departments, all organizations, some idiot has to reach top and I am using the word.  Idiot only because actually every promotion, it is an equal system, like cricket, like athletics, like you see the records, if Hassan Bolt wins the gold medal, he will have to run every time, he is not a one-time race, like an IAS officer.  You raced, you got a gold medal, you became an IS or some officer or something like that in life, after that you are just eating the same bread, you are not running again, so now you  When you reach the top, you reach somewhere, now you cannot claim Chaudhary Hut, that is the message and she is playing this thing in the whole life, then why am I teaching you people because stop wasting.  Time How You Did It's Exactly It's Like You Have to Play the Game All of them are worthless and everything else is meaningless, no, there should be a cut off, so if 10 lakh children appear in the IAS exam, then the comp pension is only between 70, 80,000, that 9200 is not worth anyone, it's just them. Papa and Amma have put it but now out of this 80000 which is a very high number, if 100 150 200 are being made then brother now  This is playing out, which interview board did you hit, what rank did you get, the marks in the interview are not very high, but the five or seven numbers in it, your rank above or below, will make you whether you will be seen going straight from IS to account service or to the lower level secretary position.  You can also go there and go down, then this is that, there are only a few things in life and then the rest, those who support us, the shackles, the crutches given to people, they have a role to play in taking people forward, so let's discuss about that. if that you  If you want a very good video on reservation, if you don't think beyond pro-reservation and anti-reservation, then I will make that video very well for you guys. How did you like this video? Tell me, to see how lucky and end this.  I say it cannot be called pure luck, that is why I have used the English term 'Y Sir PT' because you see its meaning, it is something more some times Charlie Manger is one of the  Wisest Man Alive and I follow him a lot of mental models and help a lot in decision making and if you want to become a member of the channel then you will get access to two videos, you can become a member of the channel, you will get a lot of clarity in this channel.  You can become a member of the channel, the name of the membership is Money and Happiness, within five to six months there will be an increase in money in your life, whatever was additional and there will be an increase in happiness, both the things will be claimed.  If you are associated, there are a lot of workshops and webinars in it, so if you want to take it, you can take it. Charlie Munger says that everything is his one word, Lolapalooza effect. Okay, what is the Lolapalooza effect, that in life when many  All things start moving in one direction. When we say in Hindi, one and one, 11, one and one, it never becomes 11, but one and one is more than two.  It is possible that many times in life all the factors are going on and you call them Nimit like us in astrology. Nimit is fine, what is the direction going, you understand what is happening where you are getting that push naturally.  The person who recognizes the direction in which direction your parents and society are going, and if you are going with the current, then do not swim too much in it, swim against the current.  When I try hard, that feeling comes when you first believe that brother, talent is needed, hard work is needed, without it there is nothing, no one is refusing, but brother, if many people are sitting with talent and hard work. Many people are sitting with work, what to do now, without talent, hard work is not going to happen, I too, I am not saying that brother, you are not talented, everything is not there, but brother, when it is a country of 144 crores then  Many people are hard working and many people are talented and yet life throws dozens of opportunities, there is a simple solution to that, keep your talent, keep your hard work, don't let them come down, don't let the skill set come down, but brother, the game is very good.  Play a lot, do a lot, do a lot, now people will say no, no, I will not be focused, it will get diluted, this is you, the one who is a big game, the one you want to win, no one can play him.  You are not refusing to play, but you are being told that brother, play some more games at the same level because if you do not win anywhere, then how will you gain confidence? You never won badminton, tennis or any other game in school and did not reach university.  If you have n't played anything in the university, haven't played state, if you haven't played nationals, then only a little one will send you directly to the Olympics. You will have to maintain a minimum level. You know that yes, I am better than them, so much so that I have won the game.  Have to have some success behind you that brother, I appeared for Group B exam, I want to become A, I have to become A, I have M, I will keep playing till I am of age, but brother, I am not like B, I don't want to play in game B. Even if I get it then I have achieved something otherwise then that pressure comes from the society everyone and everybody is capable of playing if you are playing this level for very long now suppose international cricketer You are fine and are playing a lot, now Surya Kumar Yadav is playing well, now he is not playing well, now he is doing this, so friend, if he comes to the state, he will definitely play well, at least he will have some downfall.  If anything happens, there is a level to fall to, you will not go below that, that is the thing that comes when you play everywhere, you say no, I will play only in International and brother, you did not score runs in International and then  You haven't played the national game Duleep Trophy?  Didn't play Ranji, did n't play anything else, didn't play IPL, didn't play anything, then brother, now I hope you are understanding, so have the full scale, complete as much as you can, I do it that way, I have done it over a period of  Brother of time, consultation, expensive one, cheap one, very cheap one, webinar workshop, small channel, big channel, that Ammi Jaan says, no business is small, that one, what is the reason for that dialogue, that when  U se khi chhoda nahi hota toh that means you can play more Its implication is this is that movie dialogue made but what can we learn from that one we se khi chhoda nahi hota it means that if this is not what you can play more anything below  Because many people are just wanting to be a one trick pony, one trick pony will not work for you, you will have to do a lot of things in life, you will have to play a lot of games and ultimately it is luck, I can tell you.  Many of those who have appeared for Group A exam will not pass Group B. Those who have appeared for other exams will not pass SBI PO exam. Many of them will not pass. This is also a fact, so it is not that he is intelligence. I know many boys from IIT. I am in touch with boys only, not girls, to speak as an example, from those who did not clear CSAT this time, it is because of my IAS prelims meaning that things are not clear.  As for him, since he is from IT, he should have got it from him, but it is not happening from Arts, so it is understandable, if he did not get it from him, then did he get from IIT by chance, brother, we will put in our back of mind what is happening.  That we alone are not hard workers, we alone are not talented, there are other aspects playing out too and we cannot blame him, my luck is bad, it cannot be called luck, only you can't blame him. You will be so lucky in life if you get engaged. If I make a video, one of my videos went viral, one of my videos got 15 lakh views, so what, when I was making it, I knew it was a video, now I am making this video, I know how much.  I don't know how much it will be. It can go viral, it can be good, everything can increase. What is in my power to make more videos? If I make only two, then the chances are less. If I make five good videos, do I have the talent to make videos?  What  I work hard, do other people do it but then how many chances are you doing? How many chances are you doing? It does n't mean that you make a lot of 100's and their quality falls drastically and do it exactly like this.  There's a different extreme but what I 'm trying to tell and teach here is that play more games the more games you play the more games you know how to play so it's not like you're just stuck in the C you do you  Will get success and ultimately this life is a single player game, this is also a single player game, let me tell you that the competition is actually not from anyone other than myself and as long as you can play the single player game nicely, I will end on this one if there are more videos.  Need more clarity, what is a single player game, brother, I don't care what marks anyone is getting, I am giving my test, how many of mine are coming, I have to bring more than this, I have to bring more than this, I have to bring more numbers.  No, whatever parameter of life I have to improve on, I do n't come and see how many views someone else is getting, who is sitting in how many, I see my own, I made a video, I have so many likes, so many good comments, how many are my competition next time.  It is only from me, what will I do with others, that is a different matter. I came and told him that it is useless, he said that it is ok, my golgappas are better, my water is good, mine is mineral water, my sourness is good, my spices are good.  That's fine, that's shopkeeping, but ultimately the competition is only with me, they will judge what is good and bad in other shops, they can claim but the water at their shop, what you are saying is mine is good, it is good and in the test.  If people are feeling bored then people will come to eat Golgappa, then ultimate life is a single player game, I will explain it in detail to you guys in further videos, you guys tell me how did you like this one, if you have not subscribed to the channel.  You can still take a bath, thank you sir