Hello friends, today's topic is Buy Homes for Free Buy Property for Free Many people will find the topic clickbait, I am not clickbait, I tell this in the beginning so that it does not happen that any title is fishy, ​​it is not free at all.  Buy for free for free is fine then you have to understand but you will pick up the pen and paper before watching this video, it will be even better ok and after watching it at the speed of 1.85 1.752, you will think that you are a tycoon.  If it is made then it is not going to be made, it is okay if the paper pen is a high level thing, it is from you or I have got one cell from me and it is not going to fall like this, I am an old Guruji, it is okay to sit under a tree and study in a Gurukul, so you have to understand.  Knowledge will come in good form, okay and share it, don't share it too much in public, I do n't want this video to go viral, okay because it will increase the power of the property, if you do it too much, then it's okay, then tell your parents if they are young and  My children are a little further ahead. You must share this thing with your friends in the family. Now listen carefully. I have been troubled a lot on YouTube. Financial influence influencers, who are many, are sitting with millions of subscribers. They are telling the wrong thing to the generation, not the generation. Let me tell you here.  I am telling you how to buy property for free. They are telling you why you should not buy property. I am telling you that when you are getting something for free then you can take it and I will tell you samjhaunga what people tell you. How do they miscalculate the loan and how am I going to tell you? Today I am going to teach you to understand carefully. You all know what inflation is, I do n't think there is any audio from the government and my home loan is 7% so this is 3%.  I am giving you this, put this figure in your man, put three in man, put three in man, you will see together in absolute sense, you will see eight, you will see nine, there will be no decision making in me, you have to understand carefully because when there is inflation, right? So rent is also read in the same way, inflation is not just inflation of one thing, there are 400 different points of the government, all of them are included in which children's education fees are also there, your rent is all kinds of food items.  There are all kinds of things like petrol diesel, do Google it sometime, mix them all and see the weightage. But one more factor is inflation. After looking at those 400 things, if you are interested in it.  Aspiration group two which the government does not put that I have to go to find a dining restaurant, I have to go to a foreign country, they did not put all these things, how expensive it is getting, then that one should get more inflation and the one who is my audience, if you are lower in my audience. Classes are most welcome, you will stay connected, I will try to take you people towards O class also, but whatever I say is for middle and upper middle class and higher class.  The fact is that all the content cannot be made for every person, so this is funny, then they will say that I do not even get food, how can I buy property, this video is not for you, this video is for those who can take a loan and are employed. No, you are sitting at home, sitting at home is worth ₹1, no, you cannot take property from us, you and I can take it, now if the wife reduces the loan and she can also take the loan and you can also take the loan, then my wife can take a loan of Rs 50 lakh.  This is an income tax saving of around Rs 11000 per month, so whatever is left will be yours, if you live in it yourself or take its rent, that is the calculation. The second calculation is this, in an extreme case, let me tell you that if someone took a loan of Rs 50 lakh and gave only the loan.  Even if the principal is not repaid even ₹ 1, the loan after 15 years will be only Rs 50 lakh, it cannot become Rs 70 lakh because the base is still on pay but due to inflation.  Because of this, the value of 50 lakhs today will be worth 12:30 lakhs or 10 lakhs after 15 years, which is 10 lakhs today, the value of 10 lakhs 11 lakhs today, see how much headache it gives you.  10 11 He will give, this is a subtle thing, all this is happening on the outside, no one is explaining it by doing it on Excel, no one is telling that loan logs are average data back in 9 years.  They pay taxes because the salary increases, the increment seems to be inflation, your money has no value, you have seen many people paying Rs 5 lakh each for 30 years of LIC, it is true that the maturity of LIC is Rs 5 lakh.  It is better for 15 people to go and have a party. If you go to a hotel somewhere then it would be limited to 20-25 people. It is okay to go, that means staying for a night out also means staying for the night.  It means that the value of money will be settled in India and not in a foreign country. Okay, so the value gets lost when someone has taken a policy in 9192 and has paid for it, but man, it is time for him to think that my love is something.  But today there is nothing, so you look at 34 things in it. The first thing you look at is the interest rates. India is a unique country as many governments get loans.  A normal person gets only a difference of 1.2 points from that. When you check, the government is less interested and the common man is more, although there all the interested people are less because they say that the government will not default or the common man. Can do more defaults, this is a very good class of economics, please Google it and learn more because if I keep teaching this in the class, it will become a very bookish show economics.  I know that the audience gets left out, but what are the terms, what is the system, please write in the comment section, my audience likes it so much, so many good comments give so much information that in my video. He compliments the information received very much and from that I get to know at what level he is, so I keep him at the level accordingly and do not set it too high so that everyone does not miss out on the class of a few people.  I am left with the general level which is going on on YouTube, this one is a little bit of this level, I am happy on my channel, my audience is like this, so you write better on this thing, I told you this and You must read the comment section. I will keep the good comment at the top. I will keep the first comment as the best. If I tell you the details, then you will get the rent. If you can start with 3.75% rent, you can buy any property.  Take 3.5 cut off amount of your investment amount which you are investing today and the position is getting settled in two-three years. Your investment amount is 3.75. If you apply 3.5 then the rent will double in 7 to 7:30 years.  It doubles, but still catches up, so if you do n't study for two years, it increases by 20% in 2 years, just like it is increasing now, if you study from red, then  Brothers and sisters, the rent in 15 years which becomes 7 in 3.5 years and becomes yours in 15 years is 14%. Okay, 144 is 14, so if we add 14 1/2 to 3 1/2, then A becomes our 18, i.e. average, 9 i.e. 9%.  I took an average from home, if I gave him less than nine then he got settled outside of me. Please understand this because as soon as my rent, my cash goes to the robot.  Saki Rich Dad IF Tha Thing Mani Now people will say a lot about it, it will also come out half one and a half percent, I do not believe that too will come out a lot, rather the skin will come out, it will not happen in 14-15 years, it will happen in 16, 17, 18 years, okay but it will happen because in that  I would like to say that in this, you will get income tax rebate also, you will get income tax rebate till date two and in this, you will keep the size of the property as small as the biggest sea cat, that is the biggest.  The thing is, people are straight, he is the promoter of Zerodha, I don't like him on these things because he doesn't come out of Mumbai, now boys are not playing in his demat, he is the one who came out, neither is Bade Abhimanyu, he is in this Chakravyuh.  There is no less in Covid, sir, after opening the demat, we will do the trading, now no one is doing it, everyone's money has been lost after training, now they are the ones who are zero, they are such that the data of the demat person  There is a flat worth Rs. 3 crores, rental lead, two sons are direct, the world is also outside Mumbai, brother, it is not only Mumbai, Nand is not Magadh, Magadh is Nandani, there is an old saying, Nand is not Magadh, Magadh is Nandani, in the same way, Mumbai is fine, he is a very good poet.  There is natural capital but even outside that the world can be as small as the property. Possible it has to be taken by a snake in the city. Rental lead is 3.5. If you are getting more than this then I am leveling it. You have to add.  So you can write to me BP, there you are getting the system, I was telling for the last 2 years that people can write to me about how the mall is fine by mistake, so come here again, here you get the same amount for the thing you bought. Raita was twisted while Budhiya was twisted. The whole property will be yours outside. Capital appreciation will be expanding your network separately. Late will be the time. I will agree in the first. You three four five six year variant will be something.  Go from your side because 3.5 3.75 So there is a short form of about four to four and half percent. It is okay in that, even after taking the income tax rebate, you still see a shortfall of three percent. It is okay. Innova Crysta Innova Crysta has a lot I am explaining in a lovely manner, understand this thing, how many lakhs does your car cost, Innova Crysta, on road price is around 30 lakhs, including all the text, everything is fine.  28 29 30 I get my Innova for around 18 rupees per kilometer. It is ok but if I drive Alto in a taxi, it will be late and I will take Dezire, it will be even more fun and I get one Innova for 18 rupees per kilometer, I am the rate of Gurgaon.  I am telling mine because she is very open, 18 is fine, 1920 is also 18, 17 is also ready, depending on the model, how is it? I am priced at ₹ 20, I travel at 18, I am telling you my rate in Gurgaon, it is okay for you, how much do you travel, please write down Innova Crysta, the new one, I travel at 18, but I say 20, it is 20.  If yes, then is it available for four rupees of Dezire? No, what is the rate of Dezire, please tell me, in which kilometer margin is I getting more on Innova Crysta, which one is easy, it is not 30 lakhs. So this is how I do the thief quickly please make notes I teach it in the book form of teaching to my platinum members if you have not taken platinum membership and want to take it then I teach like master ji it is ok in that According to the rules and regulations that are going on in India, I teach how the rules and regulations of India are going on and how we benefit from it because the taxation laws of both the countries are different and according to India.  I also do a lot of things for tailors, so you can take platinum membership, but understand this thing that as much as I am going, it has a leverage, as much as I can leverage it, in this growing cycle, what is the most important thing for me?  My rental lead witch is governed by the property price because if the property price has gone irrationally high, you can tell someone the rate, it is a flat of Rs 1 crore, it is the first of Rs 2, it has no meaning, tell yourself how much is it.  Two is fine but the rent is real because if you go to any society you can ask the current there within 5 minutes. Nak Nak Bhai Saheb, Namaskar, how much run do you give? Tower is placed, some have a little more sunlight, some are right, two, two, three thousand.  The rent can vary from Rs. 30 to 10%. If the rent is Rs. 30000 then it can be Rs. 32, 33 or Rs. 28 depending on the facilities he has provided inside it.  But in D se society rent you cannot be 30000 and 60000, there cannot be so much variation, it can be 30 and 45000, if there is not so much variation then rent is real extremely real and from rent only you have to calculate the price of your property and make investment uniform. And he has to play the game for 15 to 20 years and the day he becomes cash flow positive.  For one property, I can go for a second property. Give a third property. My model is that according to today's prices and opportunities, every person who starts his job today, in 20 years, four to five decent, middle size, middle premium.  He can make four-five properties from the middle property and especially those children who start jobs, they don't even realize that they are getting transferred to different places, whether they are in a government job or a private job. ever han  Posted Sometimes Han Posted Sometimes went to Pune Sometimes Bengaluru Sometimes came to Gurgaon Sometimes went to that So how to make that portfolio Real estate is very important and the biggest mistake people are making in this is that I don't like it, I don't like it.  I will make a separate video on investment that what you like and what is good for you may be very different. That video will be its sequel. You will get to see it in the coming days. Please subscribe the channel or like it.  Take a lot of calculation, I tell it like this, I don't tell it like this, that's why the one available below is fine, if I am a person of HD level and a person who reads people, then I will interact with people up to 10th level. Many people find this arrogance and they look like that.  If it looks ok then it is ok, I can't do it but I will have to tell you, ok because now I do n't tell things at the ABC level of first level, it is ok and which is HD.  Those who want to learn better at level pay and graduation level and it is fun, it is fashionable for them to learn all these things, then they can also take platinum membership, take it and see, okay, how much fun it is, how good it is, okay? If you are a platinum member, you are listening to me and he is not yet edited on the group, then please WhatsApp him. Brother, I am a platinum member, please add me because the messages get deleted many times after 5-10 days. It is fine to read and post, so how did you like this video? Please tell in the comment section by writing well.  Thank you