Hello friends, my Happiness Course 2.0 is starting from 25th November Saturday at 7 PM. There will be five classes, the first one will be intro class, apart from that there will be five more. You all can join in the first class and it will be the most convenient time for the majority of the students.  If that time will be available for further classes, then this is a big offer for everyone, the course fee is ₹ 500 all inclusive. Now in the happiness course you will say, why is the name of happiness course called happiness, people want happiness, first of all, by attending it, you will get happiness, you will get fulfillment, you will get clarity, the topics of five classes will be there, the first class will be about emotions, the second class will be about jobs, the third will be about jobs.  1st will be marriage, 4th will be investments and 5th will be the last class, Food for the Soul, all the calculations will be done within 5, there will be a class of about two hours, recordings will give you life.  You will get long access, you can make notes, you can keep it with you for reference, you will have long access and this will become your best base to live a purposeful life, it has so much original content, it is for practical Indian audience, no knowledge of foreign books.  It is not just a printed matter which does not work in India, it is a summary of my practical consultation, my experience and my observations, so you will get a chance to join live in the classes.  Because many of the questions and answers will be recorded off the record, so do n't lose the opportunity. If you record later, people will watch it. Recording is also a good thing, but live is always live, so what you have to do for it is given below.  If you get my number, you will see it in the comment section or in the hashtag. On this number you will also get my A2 recordings and it is a life changing thing. You will get both happiness and clarity on your side.  You will also be able to start a consultation business, that is the main thing. You will be able to earn money from it and you yourself will become an interesting person. It will be a very well utilized investment. ₹ 500 is the fee, it is not very much for the  Kind of Content What You're Going to Get Access to Because giving access to recordings is a big deal  Nobody gives access for so long. People give access for 2 months, 6 months, 8 months. If you get full access then please join and watch. It is winter time. The fun of learning is different in winter. I am telling you and these are the times that are coming, our future ones.  Anyway, what I am telling you is that these times are such that if we have knowledge of all these things, then it is beneficial. Anyway, it is beneficial and will help you in decision making. The one who is married will also enjoy the marriage and the one who is not.  he enjoyed it even more  And whoever doesn't want to, even if he doesn't have to, he will get married. Hey, you don't have to do it, but you are a consultant. Brother, if you are not giving birth to children but you are a doctor, then you will give birth to children. If you don't have children, then you should know about the job. I don't know.  So even if I do business, I should know because job is from one eye, it is about work, it can be anything, so those headings are that one, the first heading is emotions, so all types of emotions will be quenched by explaining and showing.  There is a lot of detail about what happens inside an inclusive family and what it is like. It is in very extreme details. I am not going to reveal it right now without asking. There are many things that happen and it is a very nice dish. Look at the recipe and it will be great.  This is only because if I reveal too much then the slots will be gone because there is a limitation on the slots. You launch any course or anything on any platform. I want 10 lakh people to join it but that is through no means.  There is no need to tell so many people, they will join, so few hundreds only, there is a limitation of few hundreds only, so your quickly, when you are listening to me, watching this one, then do H2 and get your quickly, many people have already.  You have taken the slots, there are still slots left but they will be over, take them quickly before they get over, it will start on 25th November at 7 PM, you have the cut off time.  6:30 PM 25th November Take it before then, you will have to leave that half an hour, otherwise if you get late then you may miss the class on that day, there will be classes throughout the week, you will learn well, queries will also be taken.  You will be given templates and things will be explained in the best possible manner.