Hello friends, irritability in relationships will be a very important topic, it will be a lot of fun and maybe some good will also happen. If we talk about relationships, then all types of relationships - husband, wife, siblings, parents, children, in-laws, boss, whatever kind of you, peer group, friends, an irritability has come in the society. Nowadays, there is a lot of discussion on religion, religion and all these issues, but there is a generation divide and  There is also generational, gender divide and class divide and all these things are causing a lot of irritation and we cannot think of this as if this is bad, what will happen because it is not only affecting our health. Mental health is what it is, brother, India is a little late in mental health, unfortunately, money comes first, money also makes a lot of difference.  It is a classical one, I was reading something recently and I came to know that Bobby Deol is a popular actor, his wife is Tania ji and after reading this you can check his late father left him Rs 350 crores in his will, he also has two brothers.  I did not give it to my brother because father had married a young girl and the boy was very against it. He was with my mother. The girl was not judicial, so the case went on in the court, later they did it. Brothers, how did they do this and that but the end of it is that brother, Rs 350 crores have come, now you will understand this thing, I am trying very hard to explain relationships because relationships are what is affecting our career.  If you do n't get along with your wife, you have fights every day, is n't your job affected? Are your finances not affected? Are your investments affected? How many people are there?  These days, those whose marriage is going on like this, cannot buy a house. Guruji, what house will they buy now? If they buy a house, then only madam will take it away, so what is happening now, it is going on like this, either it will break or most like it will continue like this. After many years, real estate prices will not wait for the stability of your relationship, when it will become stable, after seven or 10 years, when will the husband become the slave of the wife, or will the wife's heart come back, or will the husband control her again? And things  You will be fine, if you did not invest for four-five years, the rocket got hit, then you cannot buy, then it is affecting us and an irritability has come in the society. Another relationship like do about girls that girls have more body count. Section 498 does not do any work in the house. Nowadays girls are ruined. They neither do job nor earn money nor there is a sentiment going on in the house. There is a sentiment going on between the boy's parents especially the mother and all those who are  It is not just about one but the fact is that what I am trying to say is that irritability depends on who you are. If you are an elderly person then the entire young generation looks doomed to you and it seems that they are hopeless and this  They are squeezing us and not doing anything themselves. If you are a child, if you are a teenager, then you feel that these parents do not understand anything, they do not know anything, they are over bearing and torturing. Narcissist is and all these things The fact of life is that everything I am saying is happening to everyone The only problem is people are not trainers to understand how these relationships are working This world has become extremely dynamic 10 122 years ago  There was no change till 1980, if you see 1980 and 1990, the whole of 1980  If we change the decade of 1990 for 10 years, it would not make much difference. On Wednesdays and Fridays, some Chitrahar used to come, Doordarshan used to come with some news at 8:00 at 9:00, studies were done in the same way, then Asia's Reliance used to be found in 1 year. See how it has changed from where to where. See this, I am addressing you through this medium, what magic has the internet done in 15-20 years and how things have changed.  Colors are happening in this changing world. It is very difficult to understand the things in this changing world. If you stay in your time warp, the technology and the medical science of the changing times have become so good, technology has become good, we have progressed through earning money.  It has increased a lot through time pass, it has increased a lot through entertainment, today you can watch whatever you want on mobile, whatever your mind thought, it showed you in 10 seconds, did any question come in your mind, Google will release Hindi movie at 3 o'clock.  the whole family will watch  Mahabharat Ramayan will come at 9 o'clock, the family will sit and watch Punjab Kesari Karar on Sunday. There used to be a newspaper in which earlier they used to tell the story, today this one will be shown, those people also used to read it first so that I will get to know about it first, one of them is interesting from the time.  It was a slow pace, so now we can't go back to those good days. It was good, it was not good. Yes, people say a lot, those old days were very good. Many people feel like this. No, in the old days, it was like only your parents.  were only  Those who fooled you because there was no exposure, today there are many people who fool you by influence or stroke and that hold of the parents has gone. Earlier the parents used to say that they do not listen to us. Nowadays children do not listen to us, we used to listen to a lot.  Yes, because you were not exposed, parents used to make you drink the pill. Now you cannot give the same pill to your children because the children have been exposed too much. They say that this would be cheating. Nowadays, mother-in-law says this.  Yes, Guruji, we belong to the most ruined category, those who gave birth to children in the early 1990s or say in the late 1980s, we did this to our mothers-in-law and now we have to do the same to our daughters-in-law, so the most atrocities have happened on every woman who gets married.  Whether it was in the late 1980s or early 1990s, those who have daughters-in-law have come and those models are such that they are the daughters-in-law and the mother-in-laws.  Does my heart beat for everyone, I want to take everyone along, this is after the mess of relationships, I am bringing the iconic relationship course, I am you RC, there is a whatsapp2 course on the number given to me and if you want to register then how to register the fees You will be told everything what to do, you will not only fix your relationships, you will improve your life, you will become capable of improving the life of the world and society and when you help someone 's life.  If you can help, if you can become capable, then offcourse you can monetize that talent also, so don't miss this iconic and rare opportunity to life, then later the course will sell, it is an iconic course, the world will see it, but when the book is being written.  So live, if you want to join and want to understand the dynamic world and every relationship will be covered here, it is not that if you are a youngster then I am married.  If it doesn't happen then why should I join? Why should I join? Brother, if I got married otherwise it will happen and even if it doesn't happen, how to survive and what is the relationship between husband and wife, with parents, with siblings, with boss, with friends, with colleagues.  There are many relationships these days, there are also those of young couples, so will all the relationships be told? No, I am not interested in those three relationships because I do not have a sister or parents or parents. No wife, it doesn't matter. The question is that when you solve the problems of the people in the society, there will be no narcissism, no dark side, no humor, no tension, no tension, one and only I can explain it in a very good way, I think so.  And the society needs it a lot and there is a blue ocean opportunity for you to come here in this domain, fix yourself, fix the society and make your side income like a housewife please.  Come, hold someone in every relationship, hold your mother-in-law today, she feels that I am being tortured, I told you that we have done so much, we do n't even have this much, can't even say hello, hey, my sister had come, sister, please minute.  She can't even sit. Something is happening in her life, madam, what happened? Yes, I will explain it to you, it can't be this much, these parents can't even do this, parents treat me like this, my brother doesn't understand. He is trying to grab my property. Lives with parents, am I away, am I an NRI or am I away in a government job, Guruji Badi, I want to summarize my consultation so much because a person gets bored after doing one consultation, a person thinks a lot about the society.  Put people in this field, the humans are different but everyone has the same template of thinking, all the people are afraid, all the people are greedy, there is goodness in all the people, there is evil in all the people.  Everyone wants to sacrifice something, everyone also has some aspirations, okay let these be fulfilled for me, every person thinks in his own way, so if you understand this, understand some templates and accept them, then life will become full of life.  If you want to make your life full of winters, the fun of learning in winters is different, cooling yourself with the comfort of a quilt, although it will be after Diwali, but the classes will continue till winters, so don't miss.  This is why I don't recommend anything so much because it is my favorite, it is my core expertise and I get multi dimension approach to this as a finance guy as an astrologer as a relationship person as a real estate person because I believe  Everything is connected Relationship is connected with your job Relationship is connected with a real estate Relationship is connected with money Relationship is connected  Relationship is connected with your health Mental health Physical health Emotional health is connected with everything Relationship is connected with your weight Also these fat people are roaming around, many people have a lot of trauma You are carrying such childhood obesity like this  Just say no, it comes from eating, so why are you eating, why are you eating so much food, what is it that you are trying to fill, this obesity?  It is okay to address in first order thinking that I have done the abuse and done the exercise, brother, I don't feel like it, why don't I feel like it, what is the problem, what is the body problem, what is the issue with body image, what is the issue with childhood, you will get many knots to untie.  It will be great and I want you to enroll and share this video in your friend circle also because it will be a very well invested time and money for your shot to hope.  C Maximum of you and the sooner you do it, the better because for some beginners, there will be a slight discount in pricing, this is also a fact which happens in the beginning, we do it in real estate, yes, is this OI or the first one?  This will be the first for the slightly earlier ones and will be on the next weekend of Diwali, you will be informed about it, the date will be around 910th November, please check, you will be informed about it, then RC.