Hello friends, it is a very interesting topic, how to deal with 28 base field officer and difficult work environment is a part of the job, the videos of job scenes were a big hit, if I have not made one for many days, then most of the audience would do the job for those who have an additional job. So many people put themselves in such a situation, they type leaves, that is, the situation which has side effects.  That the boss is difficult, the environment is difficult, so today I am going to tell you the method, there are some such methods that no one tells, people try to explain the sending of English in a very diplomatic way. I am going to give you some tips, as many as four or five tips will come out, I will give you the good ones.  To follow and fit in, the fun of following, the invented boss, this is very very, I cut it and you, it's not about you, support him, the day it comes to you, this is a felt tip, this  Extend it, think about what his merit will be, what his previous muscles will be, like this, you look at him, he has some admirers, for this reason, a little relaxation smile will appear on your face, development, Lord of People, above the boss, from the ground, meditation, discus, his wife is so big.  She does n't listen to anyone, she comes out on the question of the key, just like she comes out on women and children, it's okay, and a man says this to his employees, because if you say something wrong to someone, she comes out on him, any of your boss.  Who will not mess with such a strong, six and a half feet thick man, except you, there was a fight in the car parking, you will wake up someone, the dead family, as you saw, he will wipe you out in one slap, brother, you do not know English, you mess with the man, then I will take him.  It is seen that among gangsters, you have to realize two situations that one may just be trusted, there may be issues in his personal life which you are not aware of and if you want to become Jagga Jasoos then find out and you will be at peace. By buying a little bit you will know and its so this dat celery second thing is that you should be released that you understand that I am fine and get away improve this berry it's something went to asel that something like this Venus also boss you publicly detail  Second take or are you more at fault? Everyone knows what my fault is. Everyone knows when mistakes are made, those who are there are also known and when the right doctor is also known, everyone is so mature, I am sure, even small children. When they have made a mistake, period, and when they don't know what is happening, they also know, so if you say hello to them, then even after saying hello to them, they have clicked on it, they have not liked you or they have not liked you.  It was your mistake otherwise he would have these very big goals and you meet the boss alone on the pretext of this work and at that time you were not the next person saying that if an accident happens then there is a need to go today and share the knowledge and the next day he has to go to you and he is oily.  You have to say that you have mixed only this much, it is not wrong, next time say this, sister, I will also say the opposite in public, eggs, my respect is less, I will respect you more, in this, not you people but the children will feel scared to support and say this quickly. I will not get promotion or my result will not be good or I will be fired from the job, then put it and if there is a border, then tell me, I will edit the inverter above, I will adjust these voters, which would be Boss Corporation and this would happen.  And even those above him know about his wasteful running and it should not be that he is a star artist, you are the one in the corporation, you are in the corporation, so anyway, you should not be afraid of getting fired because you are in the corporation.  Don't cry less and the second thing is that if you remain domineering then don't tell Mirchi in private, but he will not do anything with you because what is important, we don't get Holi because Gupta Kanchan, we only get minute relation, we get pain and we remain in love with her.  brother from job  Sir will expel you right now, don't think that if you have the power to expel him and you are capable enough to escape then you will be saved, don't think that many people think that I am the second victory these days which I get in recruitments at different levels and in interviews in these wards.  In that, HR people take consultation. Today, those who will tell you one thing will not tell that UPA, which gives freedom to all, has the attraction of taking out someone's companies. They are leaving so much on their own that they are giving up on keeping the employees. Women of the corporations to give training, this emergency staff is just not going to stop at this, tell it a lot, tell it in private, listen with love, listen with respect, I will shout and every time say, Sir, the way you said it was not right, I did not like it, there is nothing wrong with it.  If you do any wrong then when the company has recruited you from Mira Jobs then it costs a lot of money, anywhere from depending on your salary, you have given one month's salary.  Take yours if it is Rs 50,000 then you spent Rs 50 lakh otherwise you get this incentive. I know that I also get this incentive. I am telling you because I will not tell you all the rate maps in detail but let me tell you that the job does not go anywhere.  There will be many of you, there will be many who will run away if I tell you something, then I am telling you also that if you are a box, if you are many, then I am telling you also that the work of the company is done, the enmity is personal.  In government work, enmity is happy. The one who is the CEO of the company, Lalaji, is also not a credit scorer, so you too do not need to have the same, your employees can earn you in someone else also, you too can earn and do not think that  Those who work below you should not sit above you in the company. This can be very uncertain. Do not mess with the people below you by force. Do as much work as you can with love. If it is not possible then do it with love. There is a provision in every company through HR.  To give a warning, to remove, to give a notice, why should my skin get damaged as I mentioned in the beginning? Training is something else, the question is inside your body, in your soul, in your mind, in your body. To remove them, you have to have the balance sheet of the company and such.  There must be a company in which you work, you are a roller in this field, you are working for me, so many processes are required, yet one fell on the lion, all of them are just thinking about the growth will continue, will any tree grow and stay here only?  Trees are also people  There is also tension against growth because if there is so much growth in any industry then there will be competition. Look at the tax status there, one is following the other and everyone is going down without everyone, that wherever there is money, competition will come.  Will go and will not be needed and then you will leave a company and go to the competition, then why are you taking so much Akhilesh, the CEO there, who is the owner of the company, is going for his share holding weapons in the company.  Created a unicorn, started a startup, rolled it, see what is the condition of these areas which will be lifted, this is a little time in itself and the blood of the employees below is being sucked. Whose fault is it? The mosquitoes sucking the blood of the bloodsuckers.  Is it a mistake or is it a human being who is roaming around without his shirt? There are mosquitoes. Why is there a compulsion? You are from a poor family, I have a lot of liabilities, but I still understand that I too am from a well-to-do family, your father.  Has never given you data as to why he is a hospital to you, he is going to scare you, then at all you have to take drafting or it is difficult, by scolding him, threatening him, increasing productivity, stress, company's sharer, you feel cold, chest English, that behavior subscribe and Subscribe to the channel, you will keep the skin on you at any time, you are on top of yourself and understand and I am the one who will explain, I am nothing but an animal, press comfortably, have fun and talk politely, don't be afraid of this, you will get jobs but  What is the matter, if there is a job of 40-50 thousand then it is said that if you lose the job then you will get the next 2 lakh, then people are very trapped in the matter of promotion, promotion is also not necessary, your boss should give it to you, if he has been dirty to you, then you are his good boy.  No, if you are not her my boy good boy, then your future is not under her anyway, so you are like that and you should think of leaving, at least tell her while leaving, because the name of our pain that remains is not able to be heard.  the time comes when he Being on your debit card under stress will make you feel such pain. Tell him or no, what happens like this, was it mine, what was I going to get, I am in a government job, you are a difficult person and then it is you who is lacking, okay? In a government job, talk to me comfortably, what happens sometimes is that it is the boss's time, don't distract me and there is one more tip, the biggest thing is to talk in English, even if you do n't know it, do it in a very formal manner. See, those who go first, friends go.  And then he gets to know everything about you, what are your weaknesses, what is your home, he will want to know everything. Never tell your boss anything about your family. If you have to tell, then just tell the story that you are in a lot of trouble or  There is no fun in your life, there is no meaning in your life, there is no need to tell anything good, because what happens after going to the exam, nothing good happens in one's life, after seeing something in others, it goes away and they feel that  when we were his age We were just expressing our life, this is your boss, you are here, he has reached here after his honeymoon, this is your life, you are not living in the city and he is feeling that with time, you will also reach here, so this will never happen to you either or I.  When you reach home, you should also pick it up and understand the meaning of how many people are finding this thing nonsense. Write down the people too and only write down those who are enjoying it. So, I have to see for myself how great it is. Okay, many people are going through their lives. arrived  Have a forced deal and wipe out this generation I love the only thing that is what it is about this generation in its days What is not right but what Sudhir, anyway those with children are constipated, all this is to such cloudless people anyway, if they want more, then it is fine  They don't have anything, not only for them, but this is my voice too 3030 slow, Mother's Pride, I have it, although there are protein people too, they also have it. But mostly 3048 because he never gets them done and how do you come to 36, there are no children, the wife does not work, the one whose wife does not work, besides hearing abuses from the box anyway, 24 because the one whose wife works, right?  Does she do a government job or does a business or is she doing a job as a teacher? It is okay in the ad. I also said below that China is the third priority in the teacher's team. It is okay that Aloe Vera then becomes domineering over her husband.  Only when a strong woman stays at home, my mission is to be a housewife and that happiness cannot be destroyed. The husband will die, the lady will be after the children all day because she has all the energy, all the printing will be done by helicopter printing. You are not just anything but justify that too. Look at that point, how beautifully I do n't do things, job thing, alum wife, Dasha has brought it, I am all videos of and gender, it is okay, those who enjoy, it is good, those who board the moving bus.  What they don't understand is that how did you like Also's iconic? I will bring you true more videos and I will also tell you from the boss's angle. If many of you have any questions then please write, otherwise I will make a video for you also to show the people below such tight.  You have to do it without him even reliving and you win the powder. This is the biggest benefit only when you become a popular leader, do typing and you also get promotion and the people below you will know about it.  If it doesn't work that if I kiss you, then I am a consultant, so I can give it to everyone, every video can be watched happily, people are fine with the thought of sweat, if there are many viewers, then it is difficult, I have made it that way for leadership. Very very very very do n't know otherwise please share like it in every possible way because today I want you to know that thank you