Hello friends, today's topic is Britain, there is no single panacea to save us from it, but the solution to save us is when we know what will be the witness when you have reached the age of 1670 and bitterness has taken up residence. Then a simple solution will be given - Forgive and Forget. Here I am not going to make that video for giving and forgetting. I am okay with that because the bottle program will end, now there is no cure for it.  I am going to make which is 2430 in this or even till 34 and in this path we have to have an encounter with vitamin A, that question has been out, you are a woman housewife button s is growing, you are becoming a job witness about the relationship.  There is a pot in it, I am even from zero to 31, now there is one thing, bitterness always goes away, okay, but fresh Twitter told, there must be some way for that, so first of all we have to understand this thing. Why does Aarti come if you only do it on a constant basis? Against your mind, you have to do something for a long time. I think you like getting up at 6:30 and Jairam, and you have to force yourself to wake up at 5 by setting an alarm clock. Now many people.  They will say that it feels good to wake up in the morning, it is good for your body and mind in this sixth day, then if you like that Saturday Sunday answer, people are saying that it is fatigue, it is not bitterness, it is amazing that there is fatigue but there is fitness.  That's Help in His Bitterness's Original Origin and Awards Held at Least When Ever in Our Lives Will Feel Helpless Victim Died When Will Be Backup That What We'll Do It Maybe How but You Can't Decide What You Have to Do Situation  You will get married in a hostel, she does n't know how to cook, you can't afford the maid, or she doesn't cook, either because of helplessness. This system job is SSC, I don't feel like doing it, I just keep insulting, I don't have much money but I don't get anything else, I want money from father, father doesn't give money and doesn't even explain the reason, and on your birthday, you need to do something, you ask him.  Let us explain that there can be any reason for this and that is helplessness. You have to address the helplessness of your life because after going into bitterness for a long time, uric acid inside the body does not know what it is. Doctor's video in Scientific K.  I will not make it here, it is a proven fact that arthritis occurs in women because they have more fluids in their body. But research and research have been done on this. You should look at women. Is there any woman in your life, your mother is your  Is there any breath, is there any prayer, is there any lady who is older in age, you check the entries in everyone's relationship, you write this thing in the comment section, it is not that I am the only one doing this research, it is not just you, it is yours. Some or the other woman is traveling with arthritis, either you know her very well, you will see the mixture of helplessness and witness in her life, you have been in the lives of many, many women, you are mini women traveling from this.  This is equal quantity, it is a that to save us from bitterness, we have to give knowledge on the other hand, even if someone can take knowledge of your pain and help, in every vein, the husband of that chapter is of that chapter.  Indore will not know or will not know, but if there is anyone in your life who can have that knowledge, yes friend, your situation is going on a bit, do you have to go up and down every day, do you have to go to work or get up very early, is it okay with you husband, sleep comfortably. Cute but he has to go to work. Wife has to go to work. Since she wakes up early, she has been doing so much of her own household work. Only her phone has been left on her phone. She is able to go on leave for 5 days. Okay, judgmental people are like that to you.  Work is being done, it is being asked to meet relatives, it is okay if you do not want to meet them or you are asked to go somewhere, if we do not want to go, then when we compromise a little, every day we compromise a little.  1 word is spoken or a reduced by page no you will never be able to be at peace with strong pungent okay it will it jo jitna main kiya tu wale peace bondu things pe  Nobody Should Reach Different Life is Today's You Are Not to Be at Peace with R Vid Hai Company to Make Toys subscribe this Video So if you ever have to answer I had made a video before this do not keep in mind that it seems like I will tell This will be a loss for me but you don't know how much pain is there in your life. Loot Gaye Savera Times. Keeping quiet and replying everywhere is not a good thing but if 10 things don't go with you.  Which is not and in that you are not raising your voice even to the fifth level, you are telling to make the next party feel that it is returnable. Witness level of no one is at zero level, so if we move on this game with this thinking, then if yours is above one.  Body toxicity will come, there will be many problems and problems will start appearing in your body, many people are operating at 60, wear 60-70, you can go to C anytime, it should be our time. Keeping turmeric below 3014 can never be zero, but if you monitor its levels the way I am telling you, check how much compromise is there in my life and how much is my fault in it.  Jha, it is your fault and control, pimp him and wherever it is with others, it is okay to talk to them, but my teenage mind is getting disturbed and says, we think that we will be declared guilty, but the man does not open his mouth and  So still she washes a little, turns the phone around, talks on WhatsApp, makes video calls, has no thoughts today, can't tell anyone that my wife bothers me because she told mom, mom, it's the same, Ganesh.  She keeps it okay and if you tell then only mom will tell dad about the solution, then dad will say man gun, their formula seems to be from dad's time, so the boy can't even tell mom, nor can the boy tell dad, ok now.  Tell him, he is a brother, no, if you accept him, then now he will tell his friends, his friend will tell four more people and then they will say, its a safe secret, married life is like this, his wife is a witness in the life of men nowadays because women are still bituminous divide.  Will you do it or will you give back to men sooner or later but in the life of men and see in this vitamins are increasing old and so I have joined with maximum witter 15160 births break the price of 1958 high and so I am much better like their society was different the reasons were different animators I have done now that the man born in 1978 is inclusive vitamins and among the women here for some time the woman is important but this packing back  This is ok Vijay Good think something which is the boat for very long time Rest is ok but these days man how many times have we done something beautiful so if we take the first one then we  Friends, she is getting it, okay, fennel button, give it a knowledge, college the helplessness, tell her the moment and helplessness, I have to stay away from the family because of earning money because of this job and we reduce this expense.  I invest more so that I can leave this job from my mother and invest in my dreams here, I can read my wealth, I can definitely make my own card, then I will get control in my life, then we  Cut down the helplessness that if you want to bring control then the brightness will reduce. There are many situations that you cannot change that situation. The situation is there but now start making something good to set the situation. Band the Beatles level golden for example you are.  Stay away from your family now notification then job you can keep changing your job aaj alag hua to main alag to no you have a  Mockery of Staying Away from Your Family is the Institute Drinking Every Evening Wasting Your Time with Useless Friends Violin Cover Lifetime and Watching Movies Is to Enjoy and Do Something A Right to Learn Something You Have Time You Were Not Added Every Day Mute Children Are Not Dare  There is sadness as well as happiness in yourself, depending on how you take care. It's okay, sometimes you feel sad on the wicket.  Sometimes you feel happiness, then now that situation is there, fill that situation with your education, knowledge, investment, networking of birth and then when you fill it, you will see growth, then you will take help from the situation and will not look hopeless, which is another word for this bitterness.  Help in Distress and Hopeless Helplessness is the current situation that I cannot do anything and Hopeless Muni  The proven feature is that brother, it will remain the same and will not change, so when this plate S9 Plus increases in our life, it creates witnesses. Those witnesses are poison, that vitamin A comes into the body and spreads. Now someone will call it cholesterol, someone? Someone will say happy, someone will tell about the liver in it, someone will tell about the chutney, that is what the doctor would do, which is old knowledge, okay, I am a yoga practitioner and I will deal with all this, which is the old knowledge of Vedanta, he says how did the poison come into the body, even behind Ayurveda.  One more label above because when you click on this Ayurveda and Allopathy these doctors, then you are putting some thing, okay, to stop that thing at the root, whatever is growing or to stop allopathy, so from here minimum. But Vaidya is doing it, I am attacking it at this level that if you have, this is born from here, this is born from here, I am from here, I am serving things on How to your, so this video, this channel diseases.  Please forward it and check it on your family group. Reduce the TikTok videos of religious politics. Now I speak openly. You people are the ones who promote my marketing budget. The more people will get happiness and peace.  If you get practicality, then that is in your life. Suppose, it is painful to do the utensils and in a family, then after doing the work, the woman should ask her husband to hire a maid, otherwise, in order to save two rupees, she will have to pay for both the husband and the wife.  Children will not be able to remember how many women have got their bodies shaped like this, I will use the word, there is no other word to use, the one with me is fine, or is it just to save four paisa for the family?  The niece doesn't remember being with the children, they don't know whether the t-shirt he used to wear, the clothes he used to wear well, that our mother was sweeping, mopping the utensils, he had come to save Mary's money because father's number was less or father ji was buying liquor.  It would seem that the children do not remember now whether it is a boy or a girl, they do not remember, they have become young, now mother forgot to tell them at that time, now she cannot explain, so now many times people were saying that my co-worker is also accused.  There is something in this that I make videos against old women, this compulsion has caught them in my grip, their gas is shaking my heart, not living my life at least, this pattern of this pudiya is so much that it comes to transfer further.  Stop whatever happened to you, the treatment and various classes are fine for you, as per your age, but if the next one is not following the path of violence, then you are facing some problem, this is my problem, it is clear to all the ladies and whoever. Those who are not ladies, now you are on the first step, so you are getting a feeling that oh man, we were crazy, were you crazy, forced to do this because of the society, the standards of that time and the country that country was poor.  So what to do if the washing machine did not come, you bought it in 1992, after investing your entire month's salary, it is the same as today. If you look at this, then there is a different story about money and inflation, many things, how many people, how many women, how much physical work is done here.  You have to see that the people of the previous generation used to carry the water easily and 30 Rota North Indians Haryana used to bring water and Saina used to carry it and this is how it went on.  It was like this one and Chakli used to do it with money. The previous generation was not only 246 but this one was the one who used to do chakli grinding like this. If there is any woman involved in chakli grinding then please write down. In someone's family, it may not always be a thing but a tumor. It is okay but mostly.  It's done, okay, then look at you, they will say, friend, what are you doing, you just open the tap, water comes, open the packet, and then open the packet, we did not do the work, okay, but keep it on the day of fighting.  Close  Had I told you this, I liked the Voltage I Hop video. You guys should share the video. I want such videos in the evening apart from the family and discuss these things. Tell me, let's change the videos from tomorrow.  It is not an entertaining product, it is the icing on the cake, it is good to hear, Swami has said that this is something that he wants to take, the only way we can do this is to limit it first and if he tries to do it to the planets, then Adi Witness.  So  This will work, people don't do poverty, people agree to poverty, then gradually adopt it as much as you can, then you will start understanding the patterns and then you will get so much of the feel good factor that when you will start acting and being positive in helplessness and opens up.  Write that you started attacking that brother, this is something you have to do today, you have to learn something new, today you have to talk to a good person, today you have to do whatever energy you get from that person and if you don't get anything else, then my video.  See if you get the energy, if you don't get it then write the energy that URJ, if you get the energy then it is ok then please write and if you get it then I will try to give more and try to bring it and for those who don't get it then yours. Will try to do something more special for you also so that you also get thank you very much