Hello friends, marital series video number 90 videos have been made, it has been a very good series, if you have not seen the videos till now, then you must watch them. Today's topic I have brought is that one thing which females, women, girls give is subconscious level.  But to control the men, don't make it one sided and to balance it, the second part of this video will be the second half of what men do and women. To distract them, we will discuss the power dynamics of a relationship and the married life which I discovered in my Married in Doc Medical Counseling and it has been very portrait, so I would like to give a small episode of it and a trailer. I am addressing all the men like Eminem, after that I will address the women, you must see your wife and you must discuss whether heavy Sudesh are you singing Dinkar Samaj.  You are more likely to have children of 20, 22, 23, are going to get married or are going through a dating period, still you have to explain it to them, so the girls who are in it today are those who love romance and who are kind of like that.  It has become a way of showing love as if there will be a marriage. Even before the marriage, girls and boys have become babies. These days, children of 26-27 years of age, five feet ten feet tall, boys become complete babies.  I am Sonu Monu, I am something, I am baby, I don't want to become this, it is a big pain to become this, it is a pain to become this, it takes 25 years for a mother to set up such a big attraction for her child at a job and then bring girls from there.  She makes him a baby, you don't have to do it too because it is a lot of fun in the beginning because he is telling you about your origin. After 13-14 years of age, boys start growing beards and moustaches.  Their mother doesn't pamper them like this much, if that kind of pampering happens for many years, then there is no road, when they are around 24, 25, 27, those children are after a break of 26 Aug, 14, 15 years.  When someone does this to you, it is a lot of fun, it is a punishment, please understand that there is a track in it, you should not do this, you have to keep your relationship on a little intellectual level, this trick is top level.  But don't keep it, I am telling this for the middle class audience, then he is getting entangled in medical sciences and then if you do not know how to do it before marriage, then you will be roaming around in pain, Radha, if it is okay then you because  Any girl who is operating at this level will not come into your life as a woman and will come back. Some words are being used. I will balance it. What mess do the boys also make now?  I will tell you that if you are a woman and this is beautiful, then you do not have to be a little distracted and if you are a woman who has crossed this stage or you have not done it yourself but are watching it happen, then please, even if you are a woman, you can comment. If you feel at all that this is bad, then many stores are bad and does the MCP line seem to be top please write in open. I have awakened my Guru element and am wearing a yellow shirt too. It is okay that it is the color of Guru, so it awakens great responsibility.  I am submitting with because it hurts, I am not taking any particular side of this, so she is entertaining the boys a little bit with this, but you will not let any more news enter into it, okay?  This thing gives you 10 different but Indian benefits, it has nothing to do with it, so it was something that girls do to boys, some boys also do this, nowadays even boys have started doing those different things, boys too, I am Sonu, I am baby, I do not understand this problem. When girls start talking to their husbands also, then the mother of the boy who has a backstreet baby also awakens her affection, which is formally kept cool because the same boy has grown up and had given a statement that he will take care of his house.  They are going to make two claims on 22nd 2011 also, so there is a class, now many people do not want to live even in SIM house because how will they be able to talk like this, okay so what about the boys now, now I am impressing the girls and  so what  Address them, address the women. What will the boys do or do? They do it knowingly at the subconscious level, they do it subconsciously and due to this, women get very distressed. Girls eat their mother's food, keep their mother's house, compare many things of their mother's.  Wife used to make Bigg Boss like this, used to keep it like this, so women do not have to compete in this at all, if your husband was at that time, both of them had computers.  Mummy is telling about it, so you have to understand, understand carefully at the dip level, not many would have understood, in this way I am explaining that you are not one, you are a woman and you have gone to some family after getting married to that family.  Be it your husband, if he is giving you back in such a way that it is not possible to get him as good again and see how well he is doing, then you neither have to be secure nor get distracted nor get nervous and  What am I going to tell you?  You have to remember them and if you are the girl's parents, then you yourself have to explain this to the sensible girl. Okay, so this is the thing. If you will tell your husband also while joining the job, then only talk to your mother-in-law with love.  You can also tell. Okay, so let us tell you that the one who is facing must have been married for at least 27-28 years. If this boy is twenty-five to twenty-six years old, then the boy will definitely be married for 27-28 years and if he is from a small child.  If you are a boy who is married then maybe he is 33233 years old, then when you join a job and it has been 5 days, 2 months and 6 minutes since he joined you, then the person who has been working in the job for 2730 years, in the same department, doing the same thing.  Do I have competition with him, does anyone say that otherwise, show me by beating him, no one even thinks of such a thing, you can call the government in any department and take the print out, take any job. Brothers and sisters, there is never any competition between one who has worked for 28 years and one who has worked for 28 days, it never happens, brothers and sisters, it never happens, then if someone is doing it, then he is an idiot, right? You have nothing to fear.  What is needed is for you to say that we are not even the dust of your feet, it will take us at least 28-30 years to become 110. What do you say, but I will be your 110, so I will consider myself  You will consider yourself lucky by talking like this. Women and girls will think that what kind of filmy type is this and do we have any idea how can I speak? Yes, you have to speak, otherwise you will get trapped in the trap of your command fruit this very day. Okay, so now there will be many women who will say that our breath is saying that since we were 15 days old, we knew this much, so we were already interested and I was the first one, so you should think in your mind.  I am thinking that even after 28-30 years, she is doing the same work and has the same proficiency level and she was there even 28 years ago, so what kind of work is she doing? If someone like this, look at all this, I am telling you the thoughts in your mind.  I go and tell you that fighting is not a quarrel, then if a person was at this level even 1528 years ago, for 28 years, he is also on the same table claiming the label, good, loveless, total, whereas this does not happen every time.  A man flourishes in his own time, everything is fine, then what is so great about it in life that I started from this level, later this year, at this level, it is not a very great thing, okay, so you just have to be at peace with it.  This has to be done and it is bitter only for women. I know that everyone has a device. If you are a man, then it is okay. You have to do a job, you will get freedom from your home for 7-8 hours, the whole time, the husband is at home on a job.  mother-in-law's  If you are sitting together and he or she is sharing space, then that scene cannot be right at any time, John Daytime, because it will be like you see a student tied up in the same class room with a teacher by a principal, all of you, he is always judgmental.  And that work will continue, not many people, my breath is very understanding, yes, there is a new time, there is only understanding and there is a compulsion, there is no such understanding in its brand that it will tell all the time, that program will continue like this.  You yourself should ask your husband something, you do n't have to do it turtle, it's okay, don't do it even with B, both are intellectual genders, there are many templates of love and not the middle ones from Bollywood, it's okay, you do n't have to do this that only that one has this fear, you have to choose. Whatever is happening these days, it is okay, you have to sing songs to your heart's content in front of your husband, one by one, every man should marry a strong woman, if nota beautiful woman is beautiful, then it is okay and  Beauties in the viewer is fine and now Rajesh Khanna Mumtaz ji's fair complexion will fade away in the day so in 25 years the face will not be visible. Strong character strong personality is required above this level. Intelligence is the criteria which means that Seervi.  He sees, but it is okay for everyone because the subscription is done on the basis of let's see, there are so many of the girls that they have super specialty for six months, one  She leaves after a year and goes over it. If we find out the bottom of the relationship then she 0961 likes him, does nothing in his house, does nothing, doesn't even have a job, doesn't do any work, and that means it wo n't work there.  What seemed very nice in the beginning starts irritating and if you are a woman and you are thinking that in the 21st century, 2021 is going to come and 2238 is going to come, then your work will be fine in this way.  It is okay to do it like this, then it is a misconception on your part. You should keep these emotions for your unborn child, it is okay for the one you and your husband will have. And please contribute by want women of this country, which is today's and which is old.  She is far behind, some man is telling her, I am not talking about Meghwar, there is no one on more than 150 wickets, neither do this nor this, he is doing this, okay then, sweep, mop, do utensils, take care of the house, this is  All the work done in clock expressed in middle class nobody was paying guest okay otherwise not even suggested to oblige or rights jethmal glass house hold a shoot bhaiya hotspot find me the time that is saved with you what are you doing in it if you video Next want as many housewives as there are in sirilove notice and how many that are also housewives from my melodious a housewives can express okay so that her  The husband's life should become very comfortable and he should also get self-satisfaction that I have also done something because most of the housewives' time would have been diverted to other tasks by taking up any other work, in which if the children turn 10-15 years old then it is a big thing to worry about.  A part has come in the life of women that what did we do today? For four hours and 15 minutes I worried about the future of my children and for two hours I worried about my fans and in one and a half hour I worried about myself. Then I discussed something with my mother about my husband, so this can be your daily routine, if you are a housewife, I am like all the ladies of our India, I have a lesson, corn is a mission, I don't tell much about my personal missions, I have a mission for everyone else.  Irrespective of wage is fine only if one does something constructive everyday only if one does something constructive our country will go ahead. Rewards: Many people will fool themselves, we are children, we are studying, so the women who work, they have children. Okay, so I want to make another good video on this, I have made it before also but I and it in detail, time, reasons with reasons.  Which Have Never Been Told and Understand Why Your Wife Breaking Vote and Research I will tell you and if you show and narrate that video to your wife, then your life will start working from the next day. It is Kamini's birthday that she has to wear a saree and go to work in a suit. Work means use it in your day in a productive manner in a tangible manner which results in full satisfaction and degrees in your money and networks and which can be contacted. Okay, that thing is okay.  If you want me to post it then please give me 200 likes and write in the comment section yes, tell me those 10 things that we should tell women and Till 10th and 12th and your men are always in the news. China girls overtook the boys and then and in the last year they disappear, till date they don't discuss it. 900 Female for Working Group 06 only does not work. Yes brother very happy and not working.  He went to all these schools, got the entire education done, creamed half the expenses, Krishna must have also studied, number also live, hard work, officer, did everything ok, then what is the reason, ok, due to which it did not happen, then I would like to make that video on that.  But I always do my research and work and some notes are being made. If you want, I will present it to you. Please tell me and please like and share this video. Thank you.