Hello friends, this video is about prices of Gurgaon real estate and this video is to give some guarantee on it. Before that, I would like to ask that this is how a person is able to understand the rising and falling prices, but I am not able to understand this.  I would like to tell you the insider news. Now listen carefully. A flat worth Rs 1 crore is already a new launch. I am taking an example and it stops you from walking. Now it is worth Rs 1 crore. So everyone has come to know in the market that it is worth Rs 1 crore.  So brother, in the month of July, 2030 22, you need something worth Rs. 1 crore. You have been told that the price will increase or will not increase, or now how will you know, how will you know if a person's weight has increased or decreased, then you can know by looking at it.  It is increasing but if it increases by 3KG then it will have to be measured, nor will it have to be weighed, nor will the fever increase or decrease, will it have to be put on a thermometer, similarly if I have taken an example, it is a thing worth Rs. 1 crore, but it is my brother's responsibility to take extra. 98th used to go that the one who took the pocket money towards the bill and took out the final pricing of the knowledgeable person will not know about this, inside this you were getting this thing, you were getting a model kitchen and in the big room, you were getting wardrobe.  The one who did not enter to know that the product was made will only be shown that the lineage or other things will not be known. After a month, the effect of this one was this thyroid, this one was included in the 2030 plan in the modern kitchen. How did I get it in 1981? Now when the next month comes, the plant husband goes for one crore, now for someone with a burden who doesn't know how to withdraw * * *, the rate is the same as the brothers and sisters, now it is 98248 builder.  Does one mean, one ok glass, it increased, payment length increased, it was withdrawn from him from the next month, why because who gives a month in summer, this is how it was withdrawn from him in the next month, model question plant secretly gave Rs 1 crore 1 crore  I went a little more and it became 12 and in the market that you used to get one for 1 for 1, now you can get it again. How are things happening and you can make the payment immediately, it is like a basement because it is three-four months.  Didn't you go for free? The program was run in July, so within four months the basement renter is going to wreak havoc. The reason is your background. If you have done construction linked plan then you can complete the radio. You will have to pay Rs. 2375 pounds in one year. So start with the best quality, if you look at that, if you look at the formula, this is how pricing increases, it goes but Chinku earns from maths, those who do not go to Microsoft Excel, those who do not connect at every product level, do not make their final diary and this is term condition exam.  I would write that he will never be able to make a dance. Now tell me one thing. Whose benefit is there in increasing the prices, that the price should be paid, the big builders want the price, it is good just to save money, the government also wants it.  Registry will increase, tasty will increase, okay, the government also wants it, okay, now the builder also wants it, so people will be there, okay, the banks also want it, because if the prices will increase, then their margin will increase, we have given loan, volume can be given, shetty can give first 80 percent 85  But they were cents, now if we make them 70 then theirs should also be a good bank or what else is called a price, big policy planet, how would the common man want a little chair price, the common man, hey the common man too, at least give it.  There are three categories, those who have bought it, they will not want these. If you bought it, you would like the price to remain the same. When every person presses the buy button of his lion, then after 5 minutes it gets increased, what else does he want, it gets increased at school Hanumat Images.  And then I will give, this tension has increased so much, I have called for support, I have to write the option, I have taken this pattern, that pattern, this is my candle stick, friends, all the people are busy with crores of jobs, those who were not doing it for 2 years are fine and now  that peace  You sat there because nothing was happening, you were theirs or you were the one who invested in shares, you must have understood a little, ok then that time is trying to and delivery of goods at Dehradun and returned by others like this, this is best price list time, go as per your wish. Is it complete, if you have bought it's a solid gold then now brother gold is going towards 5 lakh closed loop, what is bad about it, it will not be pure, how will it happen and there is no logic, that is a different thing, my brother, that is a different thing, that.  It was different but the most important will be the delay. This Nobody Can Control is definitely a special thing in the market and depending on what, if you have bought it, you will become a cheerleader. It was shocking. The rate has increased. Payment plan has changed. Model kitchen has been removed. 500 1000 above.  2000 has burst, it is noticeable that the rate is increasing, it is not that you can save it, your name is increasing because you bought something and winter is coming in 1 month.  When you enter, your thing is expensive, basic, so that is not help, no, but brother, one thing, if you take it as yours, then people will give you, okay, then they gave us ₹ 100, now they gave you ₹ 120, I am  Do n't subscribe to this because all the spread in its payment plan will sometimes make its use tight and sometimes will make it expensive, so all these educated young ATM boys and girls are sitting around.  During the conference itself, they take leave in the office and give full speeches; they also set their mind to help those who are like us, because depending on this, they are giving consultation, I am telling you things from both the sides, I will talk to you in the coming time. Gurgaon and this list, the prizes will keep on increasing, Abhisarike, which is my trend video, money mind-set series video number 3, even today I say that this is the best video of the channel, have done close to 600 videos.  Have watched around 600,600 videos in the channel and I am the creator of Caro that he is one of the best, whoever understood it can also go to the play list and give it to us or I will give it to us in the comment section and I will give it in the description, watch it.  That whole game is a trend where that trend is known in the friend height side but its symptoms are that the symptoms decrease at the time of Adams disease, they are symptoms of something, so till now we have shared.  Will Not Believe Urges There are many till then, out of six hundred, they are going to say that 40 50 60 will not be rated in the market, then it was very good, it is very good, if it reaches 100, then the problem comes when every body, Bhushan, Real Estate, every big  Means from your and autorickshaw driver to you made to your mother to the ji nani ji every takes so that trend comes  But it comes only when it is completely clear, even then it is quiet far away from the battery, so how will it know, you will know only then, chapra for this, no one asks the joints 'I am the only one who is spreading this education as a window topper' Brother, if you want to take a plane then tell me, if you have such a plane, then tell me the expense on the window, just Vikas, I am not able to take it right now, for some reason it is late due to the fact that I don't have money right now, this will show me something.  Now I am also thinking, this father is taking some time to give the money, this father-in-law is angry right now, so it means I am taking time, I have to go and check in a week, this is the price, this is the rate, this is the window.  For all welcome, if today's window shopper will ever understand tomorrow, then take it or take it to the window shop, there is no story being told in the market today, if you look at the bullish market, then attitude is the field of explanation among those who explain. tell me  Tell me, this is a fact, this is a fact, it is a Wednesday afternoon, Lala ji is sitting with his younger sister, sister comes with her husband to see the suit, nothing to see, sunshine, no empty shop, some have madam, sit and show me your favorite, other feeling comes, but when women subscribe and  I myself feel that the top is falling, they don't have time to change, if they leave like this on the other side then it is best that the money will be gone within minutes because if no one is asking for more than this, then come forward.  I was thinking that the question is, the answer is that you cannot take inventory directly from the builder, middlemen will pick up the knock in the middle stage, now it is you and the channel, brother, whatever one cord is a system, is n't it, it goes like a system 2004 5 6  If this happens about 7 8 plus also, then it has to go to that level, it has to reach the center of each one, it has to decrease and then after that, time correction comes, in some stock markets it is at 30 cents.  It will fall in 2 minutes, that brother, is it urine and someone else has come, it is not like this, it is not like this, List A real word is coming, it is coming next to it, it is fine, so it is long and what is happening with it, no no no no no  No, one day something had fallen in rank in the morning, you wake up in the morning, track the sun god and say no, the sunset will happen, the sun will happen, it will happen, it will happen, brother, it will be twelve hours, it has to happen, you are standing in the heat, winter has come, winter has come, winter has come. I was saying that there will be a recession, there will be a temple, there will also be a temple, I was saying that the whole game in life is timing, isn't it, my brother, like cricket, Adv Rao is a professional predictor of maths trollers, but I do know the game, do n't you predict, just make this much. This standing scene will remain fine and will grow, I will make a very good video on this also. If you want, how it works, then how the whole game works, now it has meaning in this world including astrologer and everything and everything is great.  If there is information then I will close this video only. Please share it with people, increase the awareness and that video of mine will be very good. Do watch it also. This game is run by the insiders, how does it work. Is this prophetic song ok and who is this?  C type works on emotions and how it will work, you should know that if you also work like this then hey brother, I would have done this, I am just telling you with love, friend, I am introducing the question, I am late only on the question, I am not at that time. Take yours, look at the flame, understand, apply your wisdom, if it gets inside, result of decision banquet on alcohol, intoxication, everything studio new element, waiting when something great video, time depends, everything was destroyed, it was thank you.