Hello friends, today's topic is how much money should not be spent on weddings, the wedding season is going on, only half is over, there is still more left to complete, so it is very important and you all have to discuss it and it is a very important topic.  It is very applicable to today's economic condition situation because who will decide how much to spend on weddings, is there any figure, what should be reduced, how much should be reduced, should be done more, brother, this much should be done, brother, the rest should be done.  Brother, I have eaten and come, this much will not happen. Marriage happens only once. Brother, it is our desire. Let's discuss it once. Okay. At least there should be a template. At least there should be a template. Isn't it a marriage? It is a court marriage, not a court marriage. Why do you have to do a court marriage? Brother, do a proper marriage, that is, get married as it should be and do it properly and I am going to give some suggestions to you guys and you are going to like it very much, the new year is coming, there is still more marriage to be done, you have to see first of all the one who is going to get married.  If you want to see a show in the wedding, then let dad spend it, let dad do it. If you want mom, then let mom do it with dad. And if you want to keep the children growing up, then make them yours. If mom and dad have had enough of it, I don't listen to you. ₹ 1  There is no need to give, if because you are doing a job at a high premium, only then you will be getting married. Mosley, you will also have four paise. Okay, sister is getting married, you are a brother, don't give ₹1, it becomes ₹1 in marriage.  I am about to get married, so I [ __ ] my sister because if dad has decided to spend 50 lakhs on the wedding and you are going to give 20 lakhs for your sister's wedding, then the wedding budget is going to be 70. It is not going to happen that only 50 will be spent now, dad.  Will put and you put 20 and then it became 50, it is not like that, if it is so, then you helped me, it is not like that, father thought of 50 and made 50, if you made 20, then those marigold flowers  Take the place of flowers will grow and become 24, that's the only difference that's going to make the difference, okay the car was this one, that one was that one, something like this is going to make the difference, okay, that one is giving like this, this one is giving, the fat one is giving that.  The goal will be all the specific posts, like if we buy a house, then this is the biggest thing, second thing is what we have to do for the society, listen carefully, every man thinks in his marriage that this much will be spent, I will take gold, what are the making charges from 20  25 percent  Then there is GST and you have to go to the locker. First of all, before thinking about how much to spend on the wedding, the parents should think about what are the benefits of not spending too much on the wedding. You have to keep these benefits with yourself and pass them on to your next generation. My belief is that the expenditure on marriage should not be more than ₹ 10 lakh for a middle class family. In this ₹ 10 lakh, I am telling the expenses of both the boy and the girl, not that yours should cost ₹ 5 lakh, the girl child should spend ₹ 5 lakh.  do function together If the props are worth Rs 3000 then Pandit ji will take them for Rs 3 lakhs. Put on some of your clothes, take this 20 tola, 50 tola, 150 tola, 250 then stop and give it. Your daughter is not going anywhere, you are the only daughter-in-law.  Yes, you are the one who is more intoxicating, I am not going, let the marriage go on, see all the meaning, all the money, not in the first race, not in the first race, but continuously, I see how the horse is doing, is it running, what is happening, is it like this?  Now this is happening to them because the money that is there in the marriage is used in such a wrong way that from here a hydraulic lift is coming and the groom is going up, this is another hydraulic lift and the bride is coming like this and then the stage is built and then  From here, it goes where someone's notes are going. Firstly, nowadays there are less firecrackers on Diwali, but earlier there used to be that competition. Looking at us, the 25000 cracker and the ₹ 5000 cracker were literally burning money.  And the money is flowing that it is a rich family or they have to go here, have to go on the same rent, have to come to the same house and then they will say, parents have spent so much money, after spending a lot of money, I am telling it to the sons only.  Daughters have it, it is theirs, they spend in your marriage. Who told you to spend, son, I told you to spend, you spent so much in your mess, I mean, he kept listening to me all his life, brother, we took a loan.  Kari was  Your marriage, a girl's marriage, a girl's marriage, still there are evils in the society, there are compulsions, it is understood by the girls, even the boys are struggling by taking loans, there are so many people who have to take loans and sometimes get married.  You should not do that money which is 10% down payment from the girl's father and 10% from the boy's father. Let's buy a flat worth one crore. In a big city, it is very nice. In small cities, it can cost up to Rs. 40 lakhs, but still I am in Gurgaon.  Of  I will talk about the rate. Save 10 lakhs. Girls for the wedding. Boys, you save 10. I am speaking practically. Whatever budget you had, give it to the boy. Give it to the girl. Buy in joint name. They are doing their job. Resume their life.  If you have come out with one crore, then apply the formula of 70 lakhs. Instead of 10 lakhs, you can give 15-15 rupees. Instead of 5 lakhs SIM, it can be of 8-8-9 lakhs because even a girl can say that.  She has brought it and she also blows in her marriage that my father is a burden on her parents. A 27 year old girl is getting married. She will have a job for 4 years. She has Rs 1520 lakh left. She also blows in her place. Only the boy blows in her place.  After all, we sit here like this, now peace will start, now where will we get the money for the party, we just took the money for the honeymoon, went away and spent some money there, then came back and are looking like this, what should you do now?  Here  I will have to live now, what will happen to me, what are you doing brother, then I will tell you how I will play from house to house, I will also tell you what should be done next, immediately after marriage, what should the mother-in-law do so that her life can be long, life of breath, Zinga Lal Till date, no one has made a video on it. How can the boy's man's life become prawn red, the girl's man's Rakhi is there, nowadays the time is going like this, it is okay if it becomes the boy's man's life, then how to do, what to do.  on him if you  If you want a video then please let me know but please do not make unnecessary expenditure on marriage. Other expenditure is ₹ 5 lakh on this means boy and 5 lakh on girl i.e. 10 lakh on this is the best. First we will get married then what will we do with it. What do they say in their family?  Will we welcome him? No, our people could not reach there, these people could only go there, those people who are anipet could not go, anyway, it is not important, no, we have come here after eating for days, so much food, so much food.  Important, it will not be any better and such great food is not available in weddings, I do n't know which party will give food, that is not such a great postic food, it is not a diet which actually looks forward, earlier India was a poor country.  Wedding Studio, Big Entertainment, we will eat pange, we will have fun, we will do everything for you now, let's go to friends, whomever we have known as cyber, the people of Delhi will do the cyber hub of their Delhi's food place, whoever your Hyderabad Pune whoever has.  There is a place to eat, everyone will go and eat in response, there is not so much poverty now that regarding marriage, earlier people would have taken 10-10 days leave and sat down, it was going on at home, now there is not so much time to do whatever.  Do it at home level at your home, it doesn't cost money, you have to do this much, brother, install it for this much, install it for some too, bring the mare also, bring the bell too, I am not asking you to compromise anywhere, but all that.  While doing this, as much budget as I told can be there, as much budget as I told can be comfortably there, in today's time, if you want 20, then take 40, you should also buy gold, one token, take a little, give a little of yours, give a little.  Take it, giving Shagan is compulsory, I belong to it, according to customs, Jupiter is Jupiter, meaning Jupiter is gold, meaning it is a good thing, it should be given to both the parties, it is okay, little by little, it is okay, old, new, okay. Don't go, no, you guys don't have that much money, you are not rich and by investing so much money, it becomes the function base of the marriage, for the next two years of fighting and quarrelling, the party starts from the same place which is till now, the marriage starts from zero. Shouldn't she have been given the first place and then the boys go to the function? Our respect for the boys has diminished. What happened to us but not ours, what did not happen to our relatives, this is not what happened to them, there is no respect for the aunts, not the uncles. All this is in the news. Stories work because you make the function so big, your focus is only on marriage, if your focus is on marriage, there is a new boy or girl, their life should go well, there is no feeling from inside, I don't know what fun they want to have, parents' wedding.  The function is like a finale type like they show that dishyaon will be done with firecrackers, the number of firecrackers you burst in the house, the number of firecrackers will be burst in the house later, it will be remembered that there will be no udostic jokes.  The laughter that could have happened is small because it is the whole truth, it is the truth, it is a pain, it is 100%, the expenditure on marriage is as less as it is now, marriages were held in all the codes where that actual comedy was going on [music] that money, the parents kept it with themselves.  Don't keep it because I have been living in this budget which you have made of dreams for so many years that my daughter, my son, my daughter, my son-in-law, my brother are Armaan, I know that Armaan is there, take out the money in the budget and  Just look at them at home, it's okay, you can't give the whole house, they will do it by their own manipulations and once you ask the new couple, people say that they want to bring out the next generation in a minute, they will buy it in a minute, which means 3 lakhs.  There is no point in buying a lehenga, friend, that fitting lehenga, which will come again for your occupation, a nice red colored Banarasi saadi, a lovely expensive one, cost up to 20-30-40 thousand, take it, I am speaking practically.  I am not asking you to be stingy, he also has grace, he has more culture [music], I do that, and those who get the horoscope, whatever is less, brother, do that too, get the horoscope matched, even if you get neither, you have to do it.  Do it, but you should know that you did not get it. It's okay. I never say that it is okay not to know. Energy [Music] If such a polarizing debate happens, then I don't go into it too much. You talk so many nice things.  Do you  And then does he talk about astrology, do we have any book on becoming 100, it was fun to get 70, after getting 71st, you got to see something that if you did not enjoy, then you will stop having the taste of 70, and then from 72 to 100.  You are going to get the taste, you had never heard of anything arrogant, so don't spoil your mood, otherwise while going to eat, one person's dish tastes delicious, if you don't understand it, then brother, if you understand the remaining 10, then eat that too.  This is a middle class problem, if you don't understand one thing in someone's thoughts, then just you my friend, you will not type, otherwise don't do it like this, okay then please reduce the focus consciously in marriage, consciously, no one will tell you to reduce it to zero.  But reduce it consciously and it can be done comfortably. Here I have given the budget, then people will say that you told me to reduce it. Hey, I am not telling the budget of a bored class, I am telling them about the people who spend it well.  I am investing 10 lakh rupees, okay, then the rest you can do as little as you can in your network, depending on what you are and what is your network, you can do that, we do not compare with Ambani ji and he has done so much.  Marriage, you further increase the percentage of the network. Whatever they spend on the marriage of their children, they make a difference to the middle class, so why don't you spend Rs 100 crore on it and you talk about only one crore of ours.  Hey brother, he has 2 lakh crores, he earns ₹2 lakh crores, he is not even equal to his name, you are sitting with 3 crores, 2 crores, 1.5 crores, that too is worth it after getting your house, after that you are spending it, so you  So you are going on 40% network, that point is not being spent by a single person, then ok han, you are right about this, I hope you have understood, thank you very much.