More on this topic This topic is How to For this A property dispute is coming in her family What are the indications and symptoms This can not apply to your family Dispute is already going on in your family Whatever  This one you'll see the recording this whatever you sick new connected people you'll have a good day meaning you might be able to help someone this tree one like this I two three major station combination  I will tell you and then after this we will discuss with you that by identifying what I am telling you, if someone's power gets punctured, then I told you to type the Soapy ID. After this, I asked you a question, what is the answer in case of rent property dispute, siblings?  There should be involvement where normally there is only one child then that dispute will not be normal and if it is between the parents and the child, I will not leave this topic, that Bigg Boss is rare, so whatever.  The repair has to be 5% out of 100 or less. Do not discuss it, it means it is not born. Okay, most of the disputes have been seen between brothers. Some disputes can happen between sisters too or sister and brother can also happen. Okay, these three combinations are there.  If there is more expense, I should see more help in my consultation, brothers, I will cover the eyes too, I also request you to do a general template, essential gap in siblings.  Economic gap comes Shahjahan, support you one brother, you one younger brother, everyone is happy, the elder brother said this very well and Sunny Bhai likes police job, by the way Akshay Kumar is the younger one, if the younger one is not doing well then the chances increase.  And they are healthy that generally it has been seen that the one who does not do good stays with the parents. The original property of the one who does good goes away. So what happens to the parents now? Even if there is loyalty towards him, his daughter-in-law gives him tea and water, be it good or bad, he is clean in happiness and sorrow and he is relatively living with the corporation and the son, he feels that if something happens, he will take us. No, then it's okay, that's Bansal. Secondly, the boy who lives with his parents feels that if I am keeping the paint and Sankhwar, then there is nothing left for him, he is raising his children in his stomach, I am going to his wife and he starts feeling like this.  goes  If he does his eyelids two-four days a week, he gets someone's glasses fixed, or orders a medicine, or spends some money, spends 24 months in the hospital, that's just one bandage, and he feels like I can do a lot for him.  Brother, if you activate the SIM, all this starts entering the conscious mind. Well, the one who is white and the one who is living with her husband, then she feels like this with these people. Aishwarya, the daughter-in-law with clear circulation, I want to hear all these things.  You have to buy suits and sarees, you have to do all the new things in festivals, you have to sign agreements with me by doing all these techniques, so C and sports betting are effective work and sacrifice and she objected like a bowl of moong and appeared on 25th Swiss. Even if siblings don't dare, they can also be transferred as John of Medium Defense Forces Paramilitary Forces Payment VIT Junior Working in Bengaluru in  Certain cases were ghosts, if you move then your property, you can mentally think that the one who lives here will go to the younger one or the other one who will live in India. You, many people, do not digest while you are there and decide in advance.  Do it, tell me or else be clear that you did not get it because they will fry the justice. You did not come, I do not need it, and sometimes what happens is that if the property is towards Delhi, the property is actually worth Rs 10-20 crores, then brother, even after going to the country.  On 10-20 crores, a man's greed remains, isn't it? I also want to hide my weakness. You may not fight due to a village property worth Rs. 1000000. It only happens when something is the size. Send on Apple phone. Both are poor and that too written by China.  If you are thinking that we will fight, then whenever there will be a fight, that thing of pure ghee seems good to both of them, that thing seems fine, taste one, so in this if so and so then situation. If your first system is that Great Economist Difference Between Bluetooth Settings, if a peon remains and becomes an officer or a clerk remains and becomes an officer, then it will be a little better than one saliva and one love, then it will not be good then what would happen?  The jersey factor goes into whatever I see, I do a job in Astrology Family Consultations, I have become such a business that even without opening my mouth, I come to know that Chelsea is in the league.  Till the pectoris of terrorists, whose wife is so beautiful, whose boy was born, who was born next, who was born a girl, this is also a big difference, who will have two boys, who will have two girls, this food is also good, are these things good, if he can get this big dark then he will do it  How many of you in the society have IT and BPO and can write more, it has distracted many people, it is distracting, then you will find 8 and boys dark but you are a national action horror movie and did something and don't do it.  I can't see, it's okay because I have entered, I am okay, we wo n't talk about it in the park in the morning, even in the family, that's why I said, I can turn red so that everyone gets embarrassed, okay, let's go through external things also. So how many are there and how many others want to hear, okay, there is a lot of competition that many times it happens that the one who was just a brother remained poor in that letter, he became a son and became a daughter to become rich. So this is it.  by saying  Son, what will happen to my son? I am a fool, my son too will not turn out to be anything like this, then his insecurities increase and then he says hello to Grandfather, he will do good, not good, you see this, Joe is taking Ko to the maximum jam, only then someone  And if someone has also taken the name, then do not associate it, otherwise you start loving the dog the same as you. If you are also a part, after drinking a cup of tea, the child's child stays with you and good morning every day.  This morning, if you take two hellos with me, then both of you say that our cards are not favourites, people used to say that you are equal to both my hands, which one is better, so to speak, the right hand feels ten, okay, this stomach is fine.  If one is there, then it is not equal, you also get equal, the next one is also equal, A Pig, the most important among these five is that if one has to go, then one of these four should go, this should remain Opposition, its functionality is very big, so these fingers are not equal. Nothing is equal, like all this story is authorized, oil is equal, you will be there, won't you know that so that the war is just till today, well today we are done, I have come to know, tell me, I know everything till the front and back, so first and foremost son.  Or the daughter will talk more lovingly, will give happiness, the work will be done, the work will be done and the enemy will seem sweet, well, there is no other enemy either, the heart will beat, but there is definitely a difference, okay then properties, when this is happening to you, then you have to see that when you are having fun and loot.  you are having fun  I will say that it has been 20 years that mother fell ill, father fell ill or had an operation, I had to go to fill the matter sometime because when the child stays with him, he is the father of the parents, he completes the things of the kinship, if someone dies, then go.  But it is only half, it is a matter of someone's something, he is sitting far away, he never comes, it doesn't happen for a time and distance, and if there is a fight, then I talk about all this, so I, you did all this for the price of it.  note also  I got a property worth Rs 10 crore in August and I can assume that it will get spoiled as per 50% return. If you are not doing whatever will happen if you are watching, it is divided between father and mother, what has to be done?  So you do n't talk at all, friend, you were living together, well, even at some time, cities are better that you come and stay, if it is going like this, then Prakash is law on S, I tell you that patience is 90% like it apply rate.  Countries Also, whoever has to take possession is right, Line of Actual Control, Line of Control, whatever it is at Palana Dhamkana Point, and in International Kapkot also, the channel whose possession is still there, so what would have happened in your deposit, if your parents are in Delhi.  There is a property, one brother works in Bengaluru, the other one works in Mumbai. If this cute person does not come here then it is not fun for anyone and the parents will say that they will divide it in half, this will also be done according to the lock, but how can they live together then? Neither is he getting tea every day, he is surprised, so he slowly slowly slowly until whom will we go to? What is that kingdom? The printer does not get any property tax from Chutku and he gets the property price of 51 crores. If it is possible that if he does it quickly and a quarter cigarette then the child will be protected somewhere and you too have to be mentally prepared in that he is not there today, this is a symptom but 99 cents will lead, the second thing is to equalize the parents' own illness.  But as for me, we both gave birth to gifts, that is, every sour instruction, we both gave birth to backward wickets, one was born first, both were sent to school, same books, same expenses, Singh's food, one turned out to be good, one turned out to be bad, and the one below is the one below. We have to bring the one above here, this one, so we have to support him because brother, we want to see each other, who has brought what should I do, who is working so hard here, a fool is playing a game.  You are working hard and doing this is a grave sin. Some father is listening. One of your sons has a passport, the other son has one lakh rupees and you have a property worth Rs. 5 crores, then you can give two and a half crores of Rs. 2.5 crores to the younger one and Dahi Vada to the elder one. For him he is nothing and small but he is everything. It's the opposite. Let's get rain after all. Come, there will be a lot of love between each other. If it will be okay, he will give it. Or he will leave a plate with me the whole day. Decide, you don't decide that what do you need?  is i  White computer combination and boy not that these were see what happened before first this is but different level tell tell time line will be curved notice teachers day goods used to like meaning used to sleep that girl used to come the path of would tie this that her yes  They used to say that the airport rakhi is only for three-four months, but in every three months some Tikti is made, scientific methods are fine, it has given happiness and prosperity to a part of even the planets, this given has sold the land.  What is the meaning of Neta Sameer's value with me? What was the land? If you had given something, Uddin, if you had distributed it, then the girl would have got it, then what would have happened to the girl, that you would have given this slowly growing poetry to you by clicking. Will give okay, I hope you understand what is the thing, it is the girl's brother who gives, so you, I was giving the test to North India Saurabh, used to get anxiety like adopting to understand that you like pension typing.  Hey, in every quarter, if anything is suppressed in six months, then only if something is done, it will work fine, torn note, that painter, liner, get the rates increased, Sudesh, new couple, person, loot, nove, of 1 second, something wrong is happening, Shravan, okay, the matter is coming now.  The president and the city that yours is okay, okay okay, listen to what happens is this, tell me back that my work has been done, I have to do my fever, then burst [music] Its that girl's equal  Autocracy and what do they do then girls and women say and what are you saying on this that I have a lot of things that I want to nominate my wife, he just does n't go to them now, it is an instant land, why my father can nominate me but also not  If you can do this to your grandfather then you will be instant, the son can distribute his property as per his wish, this system can be used as per his wish or not, WhatsApp also uses it in a good and logical manner that we, the boy, have to take care of his parents.  Logic you have made the subject that whenever there is theft, it is theft. Whenever the rightful use of property is done, it is theft. Whenever you widen it, the bandh will be satisfied. The thief of the district has the patience that even Obama wanted it, so how can he kill five.  It will be satisfied, now I will take care of the paint, then when the property will be opened, then take care of the password of this tense, it is done, 2 crores means give 4.5 cups, do it like this, give the property to the girl now and tell the girls. Girls will be taken care of six times better. Even without getting property, keep in mind that let me tell you that only boys come out in the corporation. Girls are frustrated. This too is fine for the society. So you have to see if you have a boy or a girl, if you have a brother, if you have one.  If it is a dream then this doctor has taken care of me bye Nikhil and has written the money. Now what is the work of reverse mortgage? Look at this, these are properties, we cannot share them, we do not have money, you are a son, so get the expenses.  And then he will spend Rs. 10 lakhs and will get Rs. 55 crores. In olden times, beggars used to say that brother, you will give one, Allah will give you this, God will give you this, see, they used to believe in mantras, they used to say like this.  If you get the next house, then we are the tips for investment, so according to me, April Dr. Oraon Sohan trick is 1000 duke and assured and teeth and from the parents, this is like this to me.  Don't let me sell my property for 8 minutes, my channel keeps this money and whatever is left, I am half drowned and the parents also get launched and the children also get the red t-shirt nectar, I should bring it everywhere, right? What do we do if the parents are so corrupt?  If Modi Sharif Bank does this, then these are appropriate, so nothing else can be possible in my thinking. Om, I told my mother that I gave this to you, it is available in abundance in India, not in America, it is available in India, all the people are elderly, so give respect to it.  he has a pistol  We have to obey and do this, and here how many of us are there, how does he talk to his elder brother, how does he talk to his elder father, yes, he does this, if he misbehaves and if he does not talk rationally, we are very concerned about this thing.  Also, we have something else in the culture, not by force, but 122 has come in front, we have to work hard, we have to use our brain and we have to make controls, there is only one way to quintalize, 10 class maths, school was born first, my school.  Inter  Zone work out sister, so many people are feeling bad, so many people are drinking and have, now you can write, I am feeling bad, friend, don't tell me like this, I am your father, I am crazy, I am fine, management is more, if I don't tell, then doctor.  It can also be tested that these murders are also committed on the property and in the meantime the next generation ends. Just 2 brothers are fighting, they have two children and if they are fighting then they must not be related here. I have seen till now.  brother's Both the children will get married, now it has been included in the list of the other brother but his children are not married, so that tomorrow when someone comes and starts getting married, what kind of family is this, keep going to the court, okay, the one who has got both the children married is the one.  But because he will not be insulted, sometimes it happens that among two brothers, there is a difference in one, then there is a difference in the children also, if the one is less bright, he will get married later, this one has got it done.  After that I was able to come at all the paces before also  If it had been put earlier then it would have started in the marriage of these children, if it is the company that is filing the case, then how much is this happening on the brother of his own language, or is this what is happening after fighting in the store, if it is okay then the marriage would not have taken place.  If it does happen, then read on to see that it is okay. Parents, those who do not resolve the dispute while they are in front of them and do not go away after seeing the dispute, they are going to be well-wishers and are ready to talk to us, they find a place in the time of frustration and they will again face a lot of trouble.  have to give birth  If you are a parent, what else is the water punch, the child from whom you are getting food, the bread present in it, getting support, it is difficult to come against him, the father here is a fool, he is selfish.  Opposition will go, her husband went alone last year so civil Bhairav ​​like always maintenance on this survey work at high consider the status of sin is very high, Aishwarya ji is also higher than mother, I will tell you that children are meat and work.  To give birth to them and they will be a little bit shocked by this and he is very revered and the society gives him a lot of respect. 115 So in 1968, he is working for the measure of respect. In my opinion, it is a sin to make the mistake of compensating him. In fact, pink and work for the child will last forever.  Mother Can Fifteen Years Sinful Planet Going A Father Has Been Always Keep That Speakers You're a King of That Little Kingdom  In through love you have to be just this pleasure, she greets me, she is giving me food a lot, she gets along well with my wife, she never did in the bowl, there is no fault of the sons in this, I am the first king to arrange you will  Loose justice and justice only you will find location piece and it's very difficult tomorrow your bike carrier oh no this one now he is saying then is the order this one Namaste do This is the practice of tube light, brother, it depends on the money that UPA drafting is almost hero, the audience used to control less help because this man does not get a tower, because he does not get slippers, he does not get glasses, the situation has remained the same for 50 years, but the amount  Stop hanging 250 if you reach someone then it can tighten the skin and all the women is now and sixty years of age with her as porn in the hospital where  Even if you put Did Not Respond, it will be fine. I know you. It seems whether your mother calls your father or not. It seems that father is domineering, but father can also keep less. If so many files are kept, will the decision be taken in favor of someone? Mom will say no, I will give my jewelery to her, I will give mine to her, it would be better to say, how can the parlor be replaced by Oregano Time Property, very mom, how many names would have happened.  If there is a father, then what will he do with the affair, I saw that there were two fathers, take out one place, take the other one, return after doing my loot, then why do n't they give a gram, take the tax, when that man owns his wife's property here, then neither man would think that he will go to hell.  He has faith and trust that his luck will leave him and he is not going to leave but the property is in his name itself. In Rashmi picture, Abhishek Bachchan makes his wife the CM. See whom you will see, guaranteed fact, before that, eat as much as you want today, after that.  Then you have not seen the side effect that you can ask, will give the decision, okay, I don't know how many few are selected, then ap very-very paper how to give and bike more than 32 days and that is that option two recording and take  the question is ok