Hello friends, Real Estate 2023, we will discuss it Pan India, we will take the example of some cities, we will discuss them because a lot of questions are coming, how will real estate do, many people are talking like recession, recession has come, the sky has fallen.  If so, what are the factors that will be discussed, even if the video is a little long, watch it, it will help you in decision making for the whole year and please share this video in the new year.  You can also make it a topic of discussion in your group, let's start it, let's talk about Indian real estate [Music] I will take only the big cities, small cities have a different ecosystem story in this, so I will take the top 7 cities only.  I will tell you which are the top seven cities. Story is played in small cities also but those factors are different there, let's talk about the seventh cities and let's talk about 2023. First I will tell the results and opinion from my side. My opinion is that there will be a lot of bullishness, it will be very good about the recession which we are saying outside, there will be recession, there will be real estate, urbanization in foreign countries is as much as possible, population growth is not happening, compare India with our top 7 cities.  There is still a lot of urbanization left in India. If you also look at the percentage of population, our population growth is close to 2% and in 2% percentage,  It seems only two but if you put it in numbers then it becomes 2.8 crores. Do the normal math and see that 140 crores becomes 2.8 crores. 2.8 crores i.e. ₹ 280 lakhs are added. Divide by 4 to get four people.  If you live in one house then the same program is done for 70 lakh houses and apply the features of organization because it is said that we go into numbers and sometimes multiply the numbers by four.  Don't do that every time the population goes from recession to recession, the one who does n't make decisions will fill his laptop. I am telling you that 2023 is a free election year, elections are to be held in the month of April in 2024, this last budget is to come on February, so if on February  Some very good announcements were made in the budget, the tax for the middle class was limited to no more than four years, the government made home loans and real estate also tax free.  The money was put in for the sake of economy, so brother, come on, put the money in and watch the show, it takes only one hour for the real estate developer to increase Rs 500,000, it does not even take an hour for the property, he is leaving something there for the normal people.  You are happy that you have grown up, there will be a boost in sentiment too, but what will happen in practice? If you look at that person, in the first month of January, the Aligarh decision will make a difference to him. Many builders are now planning their new projects.  We are stuck in this matter, let the fresh launches be announced, if we adopt them then the inventory is getting over hung, this is my small channel in all the terms, Sango of the entire real estate, real estate is my request to you people who are my audience here. Subscribe also. I request you all to subscribe to this channel in this new year. Real estate education is also going well on real estate. It has all the terms and conditions.  Carpet Area Super Area Inventory Inventory Over Hang What type of construction is all the information, I will also give the link here in the comment section, please go and subscribe to that channel, it is a three-four month old channel, it is Chotu Baby, play it a bit, okay  If yes, then let's move ahead. The prices which are there will gradually increase. The inventories which are the size of your property will keep getting smaller so that this is what I call Maggi Syndrome like a packet of Maggi.  100 grams used to be of ₹10, then it became 90 grams, then 80 overs became 17, then the rate increased, so now those who have the habit of eating 100 grams of 70 grams, put it in 70 grams, meaning 70 70's two bulls.  If we do it then it is okay, then in real estate it is also called shrinkage, it is the reduction in size, all the old people who are now their children, when they show the property to dad, select this one.  If you are giving then his first comment is small, Han ji, the rooms will keep getting smaller, everything will keep getting smaller and this in itself is an increase in real estate, the density of real estate will keep increasing, if ever 40 flats come within one acre.  Then it became 50, then 60, then 80 and the number of people there kept increasing. In Mumbai, the density is up to 350, in Greater Noida side it was already 150. Even in Gurgaon side, now it is crossing the figure of 100. Ok going, you happen for sir shot incoming times, you have all of you, you have to be very very very, what does it mean, whether to buy it or not, many people in the year, no.  I got a call saying I am not interested, I am sure you are getting a call, I am holding the stool that yes, this is such a rate, this is such a rate, note down in your diary, now you are one less in 20-203.  You can open your diary, open it for your city and cities, open the folder in your computer laptop mobile, the brochures and layout of the dhaba and do all this, I tell all these people that I welcome the window shoppers very much at the window shop. I also have a real estate information group in my comment section in which you can join, where a lot of information will be shared in this new year. Top 10-12-13 cities are included in it.  Will be done Gurgaon OK Delhi Noida Chandigarh Mumbai Ahmedabad Pune Bengaluru Indore [Music] Now real estate is such a thing that you don't have to buy just because Jan Min when you go and do research a month before buying, that conviction will not come like a child of 12th.  You should start researching about which college you will go to after, it means that when you get the result of 12th exam then you will not start crying, don't you check first.  Friend, what is happening where, then this real estate is a bigger thing than that, it is the biggest thing because it has the highest expenditure and I see neither people are passionate about it, nor any person including Mukesh Ambani ji who is so rich. Human being is the biggest expense. Real estate is also an individual expense. Even if he is a person with ₹ 200000 crores, if he buys a house then he will buy a personal expenditure of ₹ 3000 crores. Be it rich or middle class or be in lower class or be very poor. Your personal expenses are the biggest. You know that there is no real estate and there is no motivation for it. I am spreading any information in this. Earlier there was a focus in this channel, now I have collected real estate.  By stating that another channel has also been created, please subscribe to it, there is no one in it and if you want to read the info group, then you can do so comfortably, there is complete privacy in it, no one's number is shared with anyone, nowadays there is a new feature in WhatsApp. Came  Now it is nice, it doesn't mean otherwise, what used to be there earlier, add me to the group group and don't know, no messages are being sent, no messages are coming, only messages are not coming, it is okay, neither is anyone seeing anyone's number, it is okay, interest rate, auspicious start.  Coming down in the second half of the year, the first half of the year will be more challenging for the people, but going towards the elections, when the countdown for the elections starts, the infrastructure of the government.  The push will come okay and the loss and effect that will come is that in all things real estate is sure to go up because the reason is that now the land is being bought at the land price, the builders cannot go below that at a particular rate.  So those who are thinking that the rates will be reduced, then the rates will not be reduced because if one of your people has bought expensive pant cloth, then when he gives it to you in pant size, he cannot give it at a cheaper price, so you will have to search for it.  even after historical  11 12% people have not yet been paid, according to 8.5% civil, you get a loan at 12% in the second half of the year, it is ok and because of high base effect, there will be inflation, so next year inflation will be less, going forward you will get it.  Know that the government can create an environment for six to eight months. The government cannot do much more than the money it has, but that amination.  According to me, the government will expand in the election year, that means it will have to be done, it will have to be done, okay, there is an election, so what is that, we will not do it so soon now, we will not do it in January, February, March, that will be your July, September will start moving onwards.  And then it happened at the end of December, it was correct that it would have taken till January, after that, if you can't do it, then there will be the period which the government says, there is a report card in the exam, like when a child is born, then the time is from July to December.  By 2023, a lot of emphasis will be put on it, all of them will cut it while drinking, the highways will be completed like Dwarka Expressway is your big thing, Gurgaon Procurement for the property market of Delhi NCR, its ribbon cutting is scheduled from July to December, although they are saying.  It will be done in 4 months but I am of the opinion brother, it should be done in 8-10 months, if it is done in October November December then its ribbon will be cut and your activities like G-20 are happening.  That what is being submitted in September will be a completely good factor, it does not have as much involvement as the Commonwealth Games, but still it is a big event for the country and its area, which is one half of the IOC, which is their part, which means it is very big.  It is being built in this very complex, I feel like some part of it will be activated, it is okay and the alignment it has, it will be enough in big cities, about that means Gurgaon and Ahmedabad, Pune Mumbai, it is okay, these three  It means that something is happening and what good thing is happening, right now the developers are not launching any product in such a hurry, they are getting the product which is being understood by the people, according to the size, according to these budgets.  The market is very sensitive as per the budget. As per the money, now the one whose budget is ₹ 90 lakh, the one whose budget is ₹ 90 lakh, the one whose 70 lakh is worth ₹ 1.25 crore, the builders do not want to go above one and a half crore. In cities, when they have to reduce the size, it is okay, then this thing is coming, whenever you have to do something, then if you are not a very informed investor, he will not understand the rates, he will not know that one and a half rupees are going on, so many flats. What is the size of the pro flat, only the one who joins till the end will know, what is the layout, what is the size and is noting the end and must have seen that this thing is increasing, the target is there in eight months, is there any corona in it?  danger of this danger this respectful do  Well, even during Corona, we have seen it in the code that people say that family and their own house come less and nothing comes less. The practical thing is that now the millionaires who used to play all these mutual funds, mutual fund games.  Now, whatever be the matter with their parents, whether they have twisted their ears or they themselves have realized that whatever be the circumstances, if they want to take home the Millennium Started Wine for the first time, the youngsters who are  Those who are less than 35 years of age, those who are 25 are not eligible for purchase because their jobs are not stabilised, but those who are in the next group of 27, 28 to 35 and special ones are those who have got married and friends, people have no started enquiry, give your rent and rent.  The biggest thing if you have seen in big cities is that there has been an increase in rents because people who have returned from Covid and new people have already come. The Covid economy.  If it is ok, then the increase has increased from 20 to 25 to 30%, so now the rents are seen increasing, people are getting inclined towards buying their property. Nine couples with income tax rebate are ok and I am B.  In six to nine months, interest rates will go down, rents will increase and tankhvahon will increase, inflation will increase, all these things will be a factor. The man says brother, let's take one of ours, let's take the small one. Okay, you have 650 BHK carpet area, 700 car tawa, it takes a lot of time to get heated, and science takes a lot of time to get heated, so it doesn't get cold all of a sudden, okay, what is your supply here, it is not like this.  Maggi will be there in 2 minutes. Here the supply can be forecast. Like you know that if you are not married yet, then you will get married and then the child can be born in 9 months only, meaning it is ok then you can say that it will take so long for the next one to happen. If it takes time, you can forecast someone's life. Similarly, in real estate, if a builder wants to buy land, it takes him a year to get the RERA, to launch the project, to get it approved, to do everything, after that that high rise.  If he is making it, he will make it in 1 2 3 4 phase, then he will make its phase van and give it in three, four, three, three, four years. Then he will give it in Punch, so you are supplying right now, it is starting at 23, till 239, what is it?  It may be ready today, I can predict now that after 6 months, the person who will purchase something, register it and launch it, then his end product will come by 20, when the final completion of the project happens, then we can delete it. One more thing that can be done is urbanization which is centralization and jobs in big cities have happened because of economic activity, there are no jobs in small cities, that means you can buy your groceries.  You have opened a small or big shop, you have opened your own, no corporate is going anywhere, migration is taking place in small cities and from small cities, so the capital cities where you live, in whatever state you live, you can find them there also.  You should see, I will cover them also, many of them are citizens, Bhopal is fine, I am doing Ahmedabad, I will try to cover Vadodara also, there is Mumbai, there is Pune, there is Bengaluru, there is Daily NCR, there is Chandigarh right.  City Dehradun is fine, Jaipur Lucknow is fine, don't do it, our whole system is different, that is a news, where will it come from, that city is different, but those people who are traveling in the month of December, see in the last 1 month, there is no place to set foot on T3.  It means it seems like it is at Kashmere Gate metro station, not in T3, it means there is so much crowd, it means everywhere is fine, so every every variety, the crowd is big, it means neither hotels are available nor anything is available and then we know.  no what thing Hey, look at what is happening in your country, today I am saying just call off other brands, that Mahindra of Maruti because it is a popular brand, okay those people, should I buy any car in the 10-12 lakh segment or  And if the above is also there then you will know what it means, it is running at its full capacity, call and check it yourself, whatever I am telling you, you can check it yourself, what is the waiting list, then you will know.  Ambulatory  Will it be available or will you get less, I will tell you, okay now as December has gone, the December ones which become models, you can probably get them, but in January and February, you have to check how many New Year models you will get in a month or two.  If you are waiting then please check all this and this is the time to invest well in India and there is no choice Tina I say there is no alternative Tina is right in many things there is no alternative in this world also Factors which I cover further also, all the factors are at play, we will discuss them, Three BHK and in that, if we are struggling, then everyone is slowly understanding it, and going forward, these are the sizes.  The projects that are here in the products are catering for sustainability. Brother, you give your BHK, you take 650 650 carpets, 1300 carpets, 1300 carpets are yours.  Approximately 19 square feet is equal to the above, so it is 1900 square feet. If you take two rooms each, then there are four, at least two kitchens, there are four bathrooms and if you live nearby, then this is a phenomenon which  I am seeing it playing out and I hope subscribe the channel and if you want to be part of D group you can be part of D group thank you