Hello friends, Welcome to Money Mindset Series Video Number 40. 13 videos have been made in this series. If you have not seen them, you can watch them by going to the play list. Looking forward like this, subscribe to the channel. If you like the topic and the video, then do so.  Like it also, the topic is how to align, you are also perfect in stopping us from becoming one, that a very good psychology of the society has been spoiled, should I paste any one work? Make it perfect: Is this a misconception spread by the rich or have people themselves become fools? Are these low self-esteem people? I don't know where this disease originates from. Seeking perfection in normal practical life and glorifying it prevents us from being rich and happy. Phone number: When you understand it in life like this, when you get a number, it affects the shop, but it is easy to change the number from 40 to 50, 40 to 50, 50.  Doing 60 to 60 is a little difficult to answer according to and difficult target. 90 to Swami takes life out of anything. This Philomena is playing and muting in every organization, playing and voting in every house, and playlisting in everything and we  He is giving life mistress, removing productivity, spoiling relationships, in office, your government office, fickle scene agrees, which is government and told all the examples.  I will tell you that someone has prepared a letter and brought it like this, put it below the comedy, it is not right, read it after preparing it, there should be good pride, English meaning, you are getting fat, everything is fine, it is 98%, then he will bring the place, so it is not that you are his.  There will be peace in the soul, you will start looking bad to him even once he has finished it, now because he changed Pushpo Kumar here, he understood something but in the midst of the function, the letter written by me should go to someone and I would cry like this. what is the name  If you want to write a letter or communicate something, then this is your email, this is your presentation, coffee, this is simple and the corporate department, the private department is corporate, that too is noisy in such a time, that is why I am saying, I don't know if anyone has done research.  If the officer bought the 2% growth in GDP then it would be 2% group which would be 9 10 cents on 12 13 cent GDP, we would go and find out this factor only that there is this perfection in everything.  To add nonstop understanding is completely wasted. Do it by yourself, still it is okay that I have to look perfect, I have a haircut, my hair is cut like this, my shoes are polished, my SSP skill is good, it is okay, so pick up that too.  It is a disease, it is a big disease, it is okay that if your entire life will be spent on coffee, how you look has nothing to do with how you are from inside, but come on, it is still okay, but till the cost of doing dad is ideal, then what should you do?  Is  By doing this video, our purpose is this, I say back, no, how will your lag improve, that is the point, whatever perfection you make in your life, make it go away, if your wife cannot stay away from binoculars, then do not let her get edited, she is very  People should be placed on the dining table in such a way that both of them and a little of it should not happen. If you want to understand this, then do a speed scan on this person. Here in the mind, the engine is not good and I am talking about a big thing, hence in the external world,  All  It should be right because from inside it is not right to ever see a Mahatma type and in the end, he can go anywhere outside as relaxed as he wants to be, the boss from inside, everything is sorted out. A look at Sadhguru Ma and is idealistic that tweet can go anywhere. Red meet the adventures.  Test Cricket Meet Poverty Ending Vitamin E Can Be In Any Situation That Software From Inside Doesn't Matter If You Come Filled With Heavy, Fix It Like This, Fix It Like This, One Tablespoon Should Be Okay When it becomes too much, we can call it compulsive disorder as an option. The one who wants everything is a disease, isn't it? So when you are very perfect, why have I brought this prohibition because in my consultation, help, release and  Money is about Maithili. I have brought you a money minded message that your focus goes away from earning money. Only perfection keeps coming down. You recognize me and forget what is the main issue. Your life is as much as these.  The focus becomes that you cannot be an intelligent investor, otherwise you can read pocket money, okay, you cannot read Benjamin Graham, you can read his breasts also, you can read your class, you cannot do mental models, but you cannot read 40, now I want  Munger says, I have my own district, okay, now tell me that he does not know English, he is given training, he is not ashamed, what difference does it make, but Monsoon Session Block Main Station Golu  Map She can't swim till AC three tire Tire cries I know I like to speak I like to have AC two tire Because common people speak like this On hearing like this I have shown that Show it Ok ok I know Silver  Stop it and I want the moment, friends, stress to me, when I want it, I have to do it somewhere in my mind, I feel scared from inside, I want to live my life like this, otherwise you will cry, if it is wrong then that.  I want these other people for myself How to speak Hindi names, then we do not correct them, but I try, any Englishman, we are all the guys in love, in the crafted side, how do we take lakhs, okay, we used to take them earlier also, you must have seen the name of DTH, how to enjoy it.  We would have forgiven you for expressing your thoughts and we forbid English, you make mistakes, you manage his pension, but if everything is fine then it is great if he doesn't know it, then get rid of these diseases, relax, do n't learn perfection, don't become a professional. Relationship, Na has a perfect job, Nakul is a perfect pimple, there is a fitted machine at home, Na has a perfect hair, it is okay that all of them are not perfect, that is why it looks like a tractor, doesn't it? If those in chemistry and physics must have studied what is the ideal gas equation.  It is there and then it is not there, then what is the factor then it is not life, nothing is perfect, please do not seek perfection, fix someone's Nagpur, this is one worry.  If you fix the thing then you will change the cemetery in the family and the manufacturing from above, wherever you go as a person, you will change it with many heroines, you know what happened to them in the process of trying to fix perfection, you also know that there are many artists.  There are many people, so today I would like to tell you that if any of your people wants to put you in this profession, then just click on it. If your boss fixes too much perfection and his pride  Do n't be a society because tell him that we left him till 1992 till 2030, he did not even go along and do many other things because it is the government, the owner is mindless, if he makes everything perfect then we will not get any work done in our life.  The only thing to remember is that where we shot office time, money will come and go, a lot will go, what we are shot office time and we are going to get fat in every paper, we have taken number in it instead of one in 99 sentences. If we fail, then we are fat in life, there is buildwell and there is investment, so it is possible, I want dimple of paste, ok, Vansh 215 event will be organized in front four table, that is a different thing, I want money, and then I want paste, ok, I want paste leaf.  I want 10 good boys for her who can be good husbands and can be of 80 love to word type. Okay, I wanted a hunter, I will match her. Not married, 32 years, 35 years.  It is okay, in the same way, we want a perfect girl, our importance is great, if it is less, then how did you like it, you can put it in the comment section for me, that is why I have put it in money minded, it is well effective Manish, what is it, trouble in life, wife.  It was because of this, there is no one for him but money making is yours, certainly food after so valid rate things but you started fixing professional in the name of one, see profession like 1% tax.  He is definitely a painter, he is an artist, he also has patience in his paintings and eight, so tell me how did you like the video, I will share it, thank you.