Hello friends, today's topic is going to be very interesting, the investment belief system which is taught to the middle class, I will try to crush it, I will tell you an alternative one thing and that is the old system you have been running and how we have to break it.  I will tell you about getting it normally, it is always taught and understood, brother, I am the stock market, I am bathed with people, this is how the story of Chaitra real estate is made, brother, the plot can take a storm.  uie front knee back winner top dead take yours I will answer immediately History Bhai Saheb will do good in whatever brokerage houses you have you have seen it always happens with them By Osho Add in these targets tell me one thing which will help in investment in our  The top minister is the valve of the world. He says that time holding period for a positive way is 100 business as well because brother has done business ventures in Mumbai.  Goodbye And You Will Only Selected For Not Mind With This Coming In Real State I Want To Give You Mantra Sutra Please Watch It And Remember Bye They Never Sleep Well As Will [Music] Never Sleep Will Ooh Because If You Buy  If you don't trade again and again, how will you earn brokerage? Only then will everyone come and say, do a lot of trading, you don't have to do it for 10 minutes, why do you do it?  I will tell you what is that psychology. First, before that, I cover two things. People who will always tell you that you should also buy. My red candidate unit was dependent on Next9 because there is no big control system to stop the market, real estate market.  If no one controls then Z will provide exit from there, then the one who controls can provide it. In passing the parcel, whose music will end and that parcel will be with him, only then I can control. If I have to turn off the music, I know that you are my customer. As soon as you have agreed with the person next door and I turn it off at that time, then he will have to sing the song and tell him the story poem. So one I am saying that.  I'll tell you I'll sing a song Means I should have the control to turn off the music Can anyone change I have the control and in the rising market we play the game of guesswork So someone's advantage is gone, someone's is done  I am one on that  And I will make a video on how to fair it, how this thing is explained, it is of inside information, I will tell you, but I want to tell you one more thing, it is spoken to others, these people say that you will move to a property at an address in a friend's city.  You will start, in the beginning you will always be told that you should pay the money, do you pay the money, today I will tell you through an example, we should give it the number one related quality and the example does not arise just like that, it is like a teacher.  Let me explain to you, you see romance on your face, you see this confidence, write this point in the comment section below, if there is arrogance, then look at the arrogance, if you want to explain like a confirmation, then the confidence click is that your body is looking for a little, it happened with a little circle and you say that I do a little exercise to keep my body in shape. Well, you know, on the first day, you are responsible for fifteen-twenty minutes, vote, do some exercise, do a little bit of this and that.  When I come back, I want to meet you, what happened in my body, was it the first day, did you go back the next day or did you not do any work, then you are wasting my time, what happened, has it been 15 days since I reached you so much?  It was like it won't become obscene and I tell you every day on this, what happened, what happened, what happened, then you say it didn't happen to you, how did I end up here, I have made it, oh body in 15 days, a month and a half.  steroids  On the contrary, protein 6 is made in small quantities by doing some work and then it is made quickly. Is there sustainability in it? Is it so much that we see film stars, there are many who are there in the film, there will be hi-tech in business, how did it happen with so many young women, what is refit?  That is the middle class looking good brother film, on the other hand, Bollywood Dev, everything what happened in Khatron Ke Khiladi, it is the work of Khatron Ke Khiladi, creation will happen in investment also and Ungli, everyone has to decide to die. So many crores have come to Abhimanyu in this Chakravyuh since the market has fallen once and is moving very fast. They are engaged in building a business and thinking that they will earn money by just doing this. They are engaged in real estate.  In order to swindle my parents' money, today you will give me half of the subscription to me and half of it on the same basis and paste it, but when I try to convince you, tell me, you all are listening, it was Dua who gave you one.  You wanted to give a gift, you want, he is a great man, Shaheen said to the man, I will give acid to my friend, okay and on whose basis, this guru of these points came here, he flashed the torch, awakened God's astrology, he told the whole game. Look, if there are more, then these people will say, brother, you try, now whoever had it, you have to understand that if you want to buy property stock, buy and sell money again and again, you will go to the goldsmith, otherwise the message is fine from now on. In the appearance  It takes some time, I need to make some small ones in my office and I want a design similar to this, I like the design, so what is the making charge, all the cuts will be cut from this, so when I get 28 cuts from it,  If she forgets it two-four times, then by taking the spot to the goldsmith, the set will cost four and a half to five tolas, while the making charge will include the cigarette inch and the song which the daughter-in-law did, which she never went to South India this year, 30 years ago.  My  The daughter-in-law will come, keep some very good gold on the side of the person, high quality carat gold and very skill developed. Keep it heard that as the carat increases, it becomes a little difficult to do one's work. It becomes completely free. After increasing the duty in it, it is 2323 carat.  I saw gold 18k on Tuesday and got 10 rupees worth, see the answer. According to Marital Concealer, there is also a work to be seen and heard that if you don't know anything about it, then you really have nothing to do with it.  On that, every time at the place of sale, purchase, GST registration charge, brokerage charge, subsidy, CID ACP, DCP, Pimple or Pimple tehsil, one thing with the photo, but if you had done it and kept it, then people give examples in the photo, which I had said.  That you are not free to do you and so you will not play this game because I have something I can keep every man for not having his sense. There are people sitting in the market to show you and always  It is always Subhash middle class to avoid December everyday in the national sleep to this bought adjective like to buy your stock at 40 ₹ 50 worn for 75 years then there is no need to sell tea for that too because those who sell it wait, is it better than this  Rakesh Jhunjhunwala ji kept the His Neighbor font item and it became the biggest curse of the portfolio and by mixing it well, he bought more things from the remaining income.  But if you buy a timeless property, there is no time. I made a video about this property, people wanted it, but many people made fun of it. What is the benefit? The benefit is that that property can never be played for cricket again and such property.  It is always a profitable deal to start, then you will never come to the market again. You should and business as one stop shop own property is special, difficult to create and if you do not understand like this, then switch such things, send off juice to buy from the property in which sometimes  If your child is up to 15 years, then 25 years, 22 years, if he has a place to live, then there is benefit in buying a commercial, there is no benefit in buying it, especially in Gurgaon, I am telling it as an example and actress Little Boy Yasmin, I have also seen this.  Topic if you want to hear it please write Amazing is such a thing that people are fooled by doing slides Understanding the availability pass My videos of few  There will definitely be traffic, a lot of people, I am spoon, something is falling from above, something is falling from below, smart editing, pick up bye, it is an unwanted toy that if I give you something, if I write something here, then I will also tell such a teacher some things.  You can definitely keep it boring, but there is a lot of real focus in porn things only, rest of the things, I just focus on them and they reach you again and again. How did you like this video? Tell me, did you understand what I want to explain?  Please tell me whether I was able to explain to you. I do not doubt your intelligence at all. I can improve my ability to explain. If you did not understand, if you understood what I said. Nice see. If the education system is such where the teacher please please. Come read and ask that I was able to explain to the children that you should go to Madana, teachers do not speak like this normally, okay then please tell, if you liked it then share it. If you have not subscribed to the channel then definitely subscribe.  Please do and I am requesting for it. So, comments do come in the comment box. What is there in it and you are being robbed on it? Is there anything related to it that you have told only a little about in this video, mother, and if you want to understand that if you want to tell that then I will tell you that.  I will definitely tell you too, thank you