Hello friends welcome to my reminder set series video number day today our topic is decision making in money matters I hope you must be watching this video on the big screen like I had requested people in yesterday's video that in our country decision-making  Making a tissue has always been there. Recently, Nitin Gadkari, who is the minister, gave Olympics to his NHAI officials, that is an example. 10 to 12  The building was being constructed for years, so if you see it in your corporate sector or government and Ghanshyam, the salaries or points of the top officials are pretty high, if they are in corporate, then the package is in crores, so the package is in crores.  It is given that they have to take training in civil and corporate sector and in pet sector they do not have 24, if they take wrong decision then they get changed and if decision is not taken then they have to undergo training.  They also get changed, that is why you will see that there is brightness in the private sector because it has to be the decision-making. If the decision is wrong, then yes, this person gets changed and if it is right, then you are Congress.  It is going on but in the government areas, we felt that many people must have seen that people sit there and they keep asking for so much data that to get complete clarity, we travel with the last person syndrome so that we do not go wrong.  I  If I become a fool, then I keep asking for time and keep accepting it, that time passes by, in this way, now the status of those people who are government people is sinking so much in the soil, from various level check club to top level.  The person who is like this gets so set in him that he is not able to take decisions in his personal life, for that he needs a lot of data, that is, a lot of clarity, but what happens in real life, as things become clear and  There will be an easy decision in any thing, the cream in it will be lost, the maximum cream comes out of buffalo milk, it is there that it is the best of all, it is the British note that is hygienic and this woman has been here.  It is Neem, I will not stand by it, but there is no guarantee of bread on cream milk. As soon as the things are cleared and delivered to your home and it is inside the packet, if you are relating to it, then you like it, if it is okay, then we will do this in this.  Reliance does  That decision-making at all times during this period and we will have to take it on time. If we are not able to take it on time, then we will suffer for it. This is called acts of omission and commission. What could have happened but I would have taken it and display.  I would request you again and again to watch my video of Than Money Minded series and talk about the trends. You take the decision here or it makes a lot of difference in your venture returns then you take the decision here.  For making, you need some extra knowledge, wisdom and hard work, it will become your own, no one will pay attention to you automatically, okay, so you will hold on to this and others will grease with only one thing, the decision of ten thousand rupees of all these people has to be taken.  There should be some difference in the process between taking a decision of Rs 7 lakh and a decision of Rs 1 crore, not that Spain takes a phone call of Rs 1020, it is very relative if I also take a decision.  I have the knowledge, I will tell my son, the quantity is very clear, it is available, how much comfort is there, how much storage is there, how many megapixels is this phone, it has many parameters, it is very easy, you can complete it and take the decision as soon as you have the decision of Rs. 810 lakhs.  If you want to buy something, there are sides to it too, but as you see, the value of money keeps on increasing, the clarity keeps on decreasing, we get a little help, there are many people in it.  Syllabus: That thing comes in everyone's syllabus, it is very easy, you cannot decide on it, but as the pride increases, the clarity stops coming, so here we need a template, okay, that is in the video.  At the end I will share how to grow pocket. Now I would like to judge you on two notifications in this because it should be time job. There are 1000 10,000 videos on decision-making. That take money from anyone, take it as it is, the organization is crazy, I don't talk about the organization, I am a man inside the four walls, inside the four walls, I talk about how your life should be, that's the channel like this channel, it's about you, yours Family because I believe that one country is our country of 130 crore people, its report is of 140 crore people, its report is 3235 crore small family of four, you, your wife, two children and elder If you submit your family, you will get 10 crore big family. This means that you have taken care of your family, you have done your decision-making properly, if your family progresses, the country will automatically progress, so these things that we do are very big and not theirs.  What would happen is watch this TV channel and have this discussion. This is not the progress of the country as per my opinion. If I took my family forward, I have a lot of energy, I took my parents along and the energy improved.  If you have, then you have taken your brother along with you, a person cannot handle eating more than 10-15 days of his family time, so if every person took his 1015 family members and took them forward, then the country will automatically move forward, so on the basis of this I am today  Let me tell you two things, first of all let us understand that this is the first senior citizen for senior citizens, so if the children who are watching should keep their stomachs forward and the parents who are watching should understand this and take their children forward.  Do this, this video is being watched for everyone by the daughters-in-law, the daughters are watching it, you are watching it while sitting, those who are watching it, forward it to your in-laws, forward it to your patients, everyone because in the most important way, we all are equal. Come to the page It has never done any good for a man to be the face in the family that others will take him down. It should be the decision making as to who gets the interview in the season. When everyone gathers then she  Decision is never bad, so what I want to tell for senior citizens is that as much as your money matters, involve the next generation in it. You are 1660 years old and above that, you are working in 1520 25000 time.  Do n't depend on the employees that I have to eat and if you do this for your next generation then someone will rise up and take away the money and let's say if they looted it and took it away.  If you want to share some of my father's money, then my son takes cloves, then you are welcome. If you want to loot my money, it is written in my deeds that if my own son or daughter takes my money, then that is the situation, so first of all, take it like this, otherwise involve them. Do it and after inviting me, I will tell you the results of a very good person, a very senior citizen, everyone has a plot, he had taken 10 lakhs, the sum of which is 1.5 crores, that is lying there, that 1 crore 40 lakhs, being worried will not improve your life. Raghav is neither sold to you nor can you add him by selling him because you have to give inheritance also. Tell that to someone, it is mine, it is okay, yours is positive for improvement, if it is from him, then what should you do with it, then you can do your next on it.  By collaborating with the generation, you create a group with some rentals on it, hours of multiple apartments, multiple family apartments, this is a very different contact, if you are money minded.  I will not put much in it in real estate, I will put the video to whom these other problems can lie to me, basically take a little loan, the applicant gets children, if there is no problem in the name of help, two sons, one son is effective and it is difficult to get it or else  With Option A Situation, you have built a house, put it on rent and how to distribute the rental income, I have an excellent template for it, it is very foolproof, it is a good tablet for every family.  He stopped, if you want to understand that then you can connect with me, if you can set up any situation, the daily rentals will be given to you, your property will remain the same and maybe even increase, but now you can hire a good gardener, hire a driver full time.  You can keep a person traveling, you can give gifts to a specific person, you can give nice expensive clothes, you can do charity, which you can do because then if you were getting a pension, you can earn money by baking, if you were paying a small rent for the same.  Don't depend on you Yogi ji, you have increased your capsules, if you are 65k, you can do it till 2030, then 30 years is a lot, how much inflation will there be, what will be the need, this government job is equal by taking economic care, many people think that this is our CG.  SS Want has done this facility, this is our week that China is not going to work on this, none of your facilities will give you money, or brother, the disease is always there and will always be there, so no government will give that money.  The government will pay for medicines, it will pay for a procedure or a knee replacement, it will pay for sandals in 8 years, it is the government, so it is not that it is necessary for you to live, and what happens to many people when father gets pension?  If he leaves then the pension also reduces and if you look at his expenses, his expenses would be huge, don't you think, sorry Tubelight Patna Old Man, his expenses are so high. Even if one person leaves, the expenses remain the same, the maid will still deliver the broom to the house, and the TV still has to be paid, the phone still has to be paid, if one person leaves, the pension list becomes 60%. But if the expenses are not 50%, then you guys are not scaring anyone, I am giving friendly advice, I put a lot of mind into these things, you have to increase your questions by asking because how many breaths are required and how to take it and we don't know, then if  If we have an opportunity today, then you will take the decision after 10 years. For those 10 years, the Pooja plot remained as an empty plot, convert it and build something in it. The money earned from it will increase your lot a lot and it will happen.  If I ca n't make it well enough, then send it to me. If no one is looking at the eggs lying there, then that Jharkha is as good as it is by selling news, but if you do something else, Noor Jahan, if you do this program then by selling related, no one will say related.  Buy shares of related match. I was telling someone not to do such work on loan at 218% interest. I am telling you only to work for your stomach. So, senior citizens, consider this one as my favourite. You have to involve your next generation as well.  You have to type 'N' is it in America or wherever you are, give them your business proposal, I call it ' restructuring your face', the government does it and the press all do it.  Message like if you have found something above or something has been made by you then restructure this line, if you leave it there then it is a very important thing, you will keep it in mind, tell me the second point, all four of them are the spouse of  Lady's are different but there is an inherent insecurities in the ladies which were 1 lakh in love. They used to live in a village in love. The man used to go to India for hunting and he does not have acidity. If a lady cannot have children then she  He has very peripheral vision, his ears are very sharp, if he protects his family then this acidity will come in the DNA of the lady, even till today we ourselves do not understand why but it is there and it should be there but if more than a limit. Because we live in these days, there should not be so much security, but as soon as that security is so much, it does not allow the husband to take decisions, he scares us with his judgment. Get updated logically, devils.  It is a good thing if you help in being an advocate and in decision making, but she has children, she has a daughter, she is going to get married, why is there no film? Hey, if there is going to be a marriage, it means that apart from extorting money for the marriage, the boy is worried only about the money that today.  On this day it is nothing like this On this day there is nothing like this Okay so you call him your son He is your daughter Don't make a difference Husband wants to take the decision You should stand by him Lady Intelligent question  Questions should be asked. In many property acquisitions, I have seen that when they come, there are 15 leaders behind them, even anger is behind them, sometimes after breaking the ice of the meeting with the lady, this is a very wrong thing, both of them should take equal decisions by asking questions, I had that video.  In the video Mindset Series Seven, I had given a small subtitle in it, see the butt or see the button, the lady says in the end, but see the butt, it distracts the husband sometimes.  If I can't take a decision then there is a lot of need for the ladies in this, that's why I say that both of them should be seen in my videos so that you guys can support me within the same platform, just because he was bought in Greater Noida for seven-eight years.  First there will be a mistake, now it does not mean that he wants to be at that place, that is, he cannot take it, because every cycle comes, watch my trending video, video three, this cycle repeats on Friday, some good, some bad, trees, cycles, come in cycles. You fold your hands, if everything doesn't last then you must collect that money. Lakshmi ji has known that Lakshmi's wealth is strong, she does n't always have the power to wear henna, so where do you put it back in your pocket to define the capital and life.  So you will keep sitting, you will keep sitting, the battery train is going, is going, going, will reach 198, then you will check, then the sleep of husband and wife, someone will find this white of sleep, friend, I am that relative.  I also got cut, he also did it, that's why I dreamed, let's do it, it will go wrong, so I request all the ladies to support the hotspots, help in decision making and comment a lot, whenever the season is dedicated for discussion. So that it is not said to see the button in it because you have also seen it, both of you will see that it is okay to see that the husband's work is done, so now in the end, before controlling, I wanted to give an exception that in the decision making.  Pilots are there, they fly you wherever you want. Yes, decision-making has to be done. If something goes wrong and he doesn't have time, then he has made a procedure for it. Sachin Pilot, think it is fine. We will associate with this, you guys will also understand.  Or they have a check box made of a check list that if this situation arises, then this is this, if this happens, then this is how it is, there is no need to put any mind in it and their training is so much that like I am also not a fighter or this is the kind of thing.  If you get 2 seconds of time, then there are sections for you. You can bring the same thing in your real life also, like if any positive is coming in different things of investment, then read them, understand them, turn on the mode in the folder of your laptop. Put it in, there is no need to buy any real estate, if you get the opportunity, I want to buy it, I don't have the money, you haven't even seen it, so when you haven't seen it, that's a screw park page of yours.  Because after 2 years you may have to take it, after 3 years if you have to take a try then do window shopping. I don't respect ladies very much. They have to buy. She does window shopping. What are you also doing? How much development is there? Only a lot.  While shopping, after four months, you get a good thing, you get it at the right price, the faces were painted or there was cloth, or they used to sleep in this suit, just like ladies have sarees, any thing and ladies, they know what they do.  get that vest  This means that the conviction increases, he can press the button in a second, call the same number, give the number to the husband, OTP comes and buy the thing, why would you also buy the above mixture because there is an instant product for sometime under it, as soon as he gets it  They have also kept it in the cut, like its rate has reduced, some discount has come, you see, they carry their own checklist, in the same way, it is very interesting, there are many templates, everything cannot be completed in one video, but everything. Question is late in decision, if you are in this kind of life situation like I saw in the case of senior citizen's plot, you have to do restructuring of properties, have to use it for rental, if a property was yours for so long, it will be so big, then break it and buy a smaller one.  But keep it ticked so that then it grows and we also cut the plant so that its cream again Shubha, that way you will have to do it also and everything is needed, A friend's journey is there, after that there are broader words.  Change is ok so if you have understood this, if you liked the video then subscribe, like, share and if you are in Ismail situation then you can connect with me, will connect through WhatsApp only, I am not able to pick up everything in the call.  what time is it people