Hello friends, today's topic is how will Delhi wala make his mode off? This is the daily wala, 37 just take character was to be taken, it is applicable for the country, it is more applicable for Delhi people and this video is going to be very good, please office.  Sharing with people, sharing awareness is a track. If you send black and white properties, the attraction is that you get those properties and the components that you get are very good.  Less is the other one, he destroys all of you, in that way you are not able to come out because you and up bank another property in the end of eco system only in the voice of question is Pant 's actress Vidya in.com poll  And only that this lineage second thing second thing is the way countries with navy application will not happen third and meanwhile Delhiites have this primary third issue and point  Properties against elements More you feel it is so big Use of cold coffee Amla Pati So you feel that every person This is the biggest properties This only government can help Delhi government can help Big B has seen in his state  Subscribe and subscribe so that if we talk about circle rate at a young age then there is tension and the government spends Rs 1 crore 55 on these things for the common man.  There are lakhs of questions if I increase it to Rs 2 crore because there is so much mismatch in the circle rates. If you see whatever properties, for example in Delhi, which are very hi-fi, the place is worth Rs 8-9-10 lakh per yard or even if it is Rs 1112, there is still a circle rate.  The rate is fine, we have more options in this because the money there will be taken by selling the equity, whether the boy will be listed in the set up, the money or the property, then that work is fine for the mother, but one thing.  Path and de Villiers, we are very much in this match, at some places it is like 70 thousand rupees and there is an edge of four lakh rupees, the mismatch of that rate and their market is very high, so the government has nothing to do with this match, the circle rate has increased.  Do two more registrations, three percent, two percent, two and a half percent, so that the goods you are getting, there should be no loss to the government, if the government was collecting Rs 500 crores.  Due to registration, if he increased the circle rate and increased the rate of registration in the same country, then it did not make any difference to him, the general public felt disgusted, now many people will be hurt by this, who say no, brother, where are we from now, hey brother in Delhi.  If the property is bought by selling the property then there is Purulia Jhumar in Delhi. After selling the property, B got the money. With that money, he bought the property in Delhi. Some person can come from Bhopal, Calcutta, Mumbai to Gujarat and buy the property.  No one is buying from Gurgaon, is there any bond of Gurgaon who is working in IT sector, this is the brother of this level, this is the revenge of the level and his is this, I want to buy a plot of 100 yards in Shalimar Bagh, make me a flag, play friends in Narayana.  I want to buy a builder floor, what do you do? Yes, I work in cyber for us. My salary is ₹ 3 and my wife's salary is ₹ 2.5 lakh and we can take a loan and I can give you the entire check and I can drink like this in Delhi.  The buyer is not taking the property. You know the property in Delhi. If the pudiya is roaming around, then if Purnia increases its circle rate from it, then the one who wants to unite Delhi should also do photo water reserves and follow.  There is a particular group of people who say that it is done, I don't want to stay here, I have some work or business here, I do a job in Gurgaon, the person whose business was this has closed down, his children are doing a job in Gurgaon.  They are in small places, they can live in very posh and big places, these are some tips, birthday, that is the solution, Vinod and in this trap, friend, in this trap, how brother, how should we all go, by selling our pure land, by selling our plot, you can take some good thing there.  How is such a person, no one accepts him, the good one, who is marking build a distant place, then this is a very big pack hand, if this, if you look today, what will happen now that I feel that the market is  Players are late losing and development will come tomorrow, we players will come in Gurgaon, time will start taking all this, when this element of me will start then real estate will go into filth again, I am such a real estate cooperative, I am seeing them, leaning forward, they will again say real estate.  But such nonsense is given because you tell me what you have if I am a builder, I am making something, okay you have three jackal's thing of 62 CR, that and I, Vansh, took it like this, Vansh  By the way, if you took it on paper, you were failing me or I have defaulted in matters, I don't make it, after that you guys took it cheap, it didn't make it, you gave only one back to me, so you did n't understand, understood some, and some of this work will be done.  Then further and this work has already been done in the wrist. When you know your right to demand in NCERT proceedings, you will get only the right which can be shown. Understand what I am saying, my heart beat is very intelligent, okay, a hint is enough for an intelligent person. Many of you are level trees of genius, so if you understand what I am saying, then in the same way the people of Delhi will get freedom. The government is of such a good platform, which is the government of anti-corruption platform, so my request is to that good government. Wipe them, you are doing a very good job in the video also, select many places, first of all, if you tell me this, then talk about it, if there is anything logical in it, then please write the logical thing, which I said, this is an illogical thing, how can it not happen?  something like that  Nothing is happening, meaning late, unique changes, there was a risk of it's a very clean marriage, nothing, it's not like this, all the stars, don't talk like this, what nonsense are you talking, then tell me brother, the people of Delhi are in the trap, should they think what if  The one who is giving, you also have to give the same to him, the whole joke is happening like this, when the circle rate government has taken ghee at the real estate level, I had made it in the first video anyway. Another solution is that you post it on the website, tell the price at which the person is doing the transaction and if he wants to give 10 cents to someone else, then he will take it, then it will automatically fix the price, the hassle will be over.  I do n't even need circle rate to end the troubles, I can make it earlier also, that too is not a big idea, how will I do it, then those who are suffering and those on this system are suffering, this is India.  Movement but one day something like this will come, I am telling everyone, I am telling you all who are crazy about black money, listen to me black money, if you pay thirty percent tax, the government should come out with something like real estate bonus.  It should be removed that brother, if any person wants to take it then he should take it, we will not ask him, then where am I from, how is the money coming from, you are saying that the money is coming from somewhere and if he starts such a system, then absolutely no.  You have to understand that if you have ₹ 100 and you are roaming around here, then friends, it cannot be 30, it can be 30, if you give money on it then 70 becomes yours, you can do anything with 70, this lining can be made 700. Which can earn bread in this Get Enough Share in Stock Market and Sensitive 4% Return Spontaneous Idioms and 10:30's Latest Possible People Have Voted Up And If  If you don't get 24, you get 15. Oh, you know, okay, then you can calculate how much will go, but if this comes out, then at least extract this smell from it, that artificial property has increased, that is foam, that is feeling of yours to you.  It looks like my file will be CR bill and I am getting five friends, it is 3.5, it is zoomed by 3.5, it has grown like that and it cannot do anything to you, ultimately neither can you buy the country.  You can go for a trip, you can buy a car, you can buy gold, there is nothing, you can buy only one thing, so I hope this becomes a topic of discussion, I am not saying that you can give them a better solution than what I am telling.  I am not saying that no one can do this, but I am saying that this thing that I have said can become a topic of discussion is deep inside the heart, these were the ones in Delhi and the rest in the states where all this is going on very well.  Has it been Pan India? Is this the policy of our country?  Are there top officials in debt? Can this video be read till there that we can be told that we are the ones who will move towards from, because there is a boom in real estate, this boom will keep on increasing, they have to check the Dow all the time.  So now we keep on airing it out in between, if we all, whoever it is, its speed will be fast, its speed will be a little, which is something that will happen in 2 years, it will happen in four, rally is another option, so by the way  poor guy lives downstairs  Feeling very tired songs 2018 rate which depends on what has to be filled due to inflation due to increase in people's level or due to increase in infrastructure comments rate will increase, it should increase but this peek which becomes  There is a possibility of a lot going wrong in it and it is going to stall while the pan is there and it is starting to stall. Real estate is fine. Enfield is a positive. It is my duty to tell that this  This kind of thing is coming from the world and we will have to suffer the consequences very badly. We will not know who will sit in this party first by taking out Nakul's own deeds and whose ideas will come later when the trend will go towards hundred percent.  There is a trend, you should also watch it, in that you will understand how trends are used, always at some time, we cannot control this cycle that we ride, but it is its pace and Quaker has realistic power to go up in the real state level.  It will not go up to this level, many people will miss out, wealth creation is everyone's duty, it is the duty of the society, it is the duty of the government, it is the duty of the officers, then tell the videos, discuss about it and now so many of them are exposed online these days, aren't they?  So say this on this video, say this correctly. You, I am not very active on Twitter etc. Post a Twitter piece, link etc. Say this on Twitter, friend, it is saying something, see, it can be discussed, it is not a very big video. ID  This is a video of 10 11 12 minutes and can be discussed easily by watching it. According to me, it can change the system for the better. Factory nearby is not very bad for anyone, we are helpless, if you have any hanging, please check your property late.  And you will have some capital gain and you have also paid it, after that you are sitting and taking CR with your N, you can do anything, put it in Bihar equity, give some to the child, some small, buy some big.  If you buy and the capital gain can be adjusted up to the friend anyway and if the property is in the name of husband and wife, then four requests can be made and one man can do it in two properties, two men can do it in four, so let's go.  Do n't pay any capital gain. Brother, no tax has to be paid. Why do people think this is a wrong thing? I don't understand you. Then capital gain above Rs 4000 is very less.  If there are properties which are below 5 CR then there cannot be a capital gain of Rs. 4, so at least fix them, please share with everybody and be more passionate about something. 10,000 big things in life are small-  The rate of coarse vegetables has increased, petrol has increased, this is more important but how much do you discuss about it, you will die, there will be inflation, this has happened, this has happened that you Everyone knows what is happening in Ukraine, will the supply chain come down, you are right, there will be a fight, the people who are stuck here with this big money are not discussed. Thank you very much.