Hello friends, fun topic, learn this thing about time, I will tell you one, two, three, four things about time, try to understand them well, we say good time, bad time, bad time is going on, good time is going on, so you have to see that  I will tell you one bad thing about the good times and I will tell you one good thing about the bad times. The bad thing about the good times is that it will end, it will not last forever and the good thing about the bad times is that it will also end. So keep this thing in mind  Well, first of all, second thing, when times are going bad, you are not feeling good, when basically, what are the bad times? What you want is not happening, or you are not being made to feel good, or you are being scolded, or life is not working for you.  Things are not going according to plan, this is what we call bad time, what else is a bad time, brother, the challenge is more, the fun is less, when there is more fun, have seen the picture, girlfriend is also there, boss is also happy, money is also coming, parents are also Aarti.  taking off  If you are looking sexy and in demand and everything is good, then it will be called good time, what will happen in bad time, people talk to you in a selfish manner, you are not able to take any revenge from anyone, people go away after hearing you, no one listens to you.  No one is respecting you, you are not getting money, you have to work in reverse, you are facing hurdles, your stomach is not well, your health is not well or there is distress around you, then this is a bad time.  You have to learn one more thing in this that whenever you consider it to be a so-called bad time, then the person who is misbehaving with you may be going through such a time that the person may want to get away. Maybe doing all that, his time is going on like this. You too must have spent such a time in your life when you did something and nothing happened to you. Now if you scold, you get whipped and there was a time when you did not know.  What all did you do to get away and then you grow up and many people have those memories. Hey, we used to do like this then and now it happens like this, so it's all a cycle in this and like the rule I mentioned in the beginning is the same rule.  If it is not always applicable, then whatever nonsense it is giving today or is giving to the world, you will observe it for a long time, which we are not able to do many times because the boss changes, so nowadays it is the era of social media. By following you, we will give you a chance to give peace to your soul. Just like Karan Arjun will come, in the same way, that dirty boss who troubled you a lot, follow him too, you will get a lion and a quarter lion further, you will get the news, sooner or later it will reach your ears like ghee and sugar.  But it is a very loose kind of life that I have to wait for him to see when his life will come, but if you want to do it, it will happen, it is fine, but sometimes one has to wait for a long time for all these things and in short time.  I am some  If it doesn't happen, then you think that nothing bad will happen to him, no, because every ill-mannered person is not only the biggest enemy of the world but also his own enemy because the world probably has to stay with him for one hour, two hours, six hours, eight hours, but he  If you have to stay with yourself 24 hours, then those who spread mijbil in the world will only speak of meable souls, that is why they are spreading mij, because the one who has, is giving only what he has, so look at his mij, right, he has to stay with himself for 24 hours and he  Have pity on him like this, treat him like this, hey, you have to live with yourself for so many days, if you have to live with yourself like this, then they get some diseases in their hands, it's okay, sooner or later they get sick, the blood boils a lot. And as it becomes thick, if you want to boil it too much, then in the same way their blood becomes thick and takes cholesterol and programs them. Okay, so you have more. If your boss is making you feel bad by yelling at you, then you should see this.  That You made a mistake and he is heading towards a heart attack, so you don't need to be sad that he shouted, you just need to be surprised, go to him innocently and tell him sir, I made a mistake, I am useless, I am a scoundrel, I am an idiot.  If you say why are you taking punishment, then I punished you, Sir, what did you give to me, then you shout this, you manufactured it in your body, to manufacture it, you need some hormones at the level of body.  At the level of stress, at the level of dopamine, rotten heart, hoot, artery, foot, hitting seven or eight English words like this, then your blood will become thick, then cholesterol will become there, then you will become like this. Vijay Sethupathi used to act like this, do it twice like this.  You will go to your boss and understand, you will say how will I do it like this, I don't know what will happen, nothing will happen, there is victory in front of fear, maybe thank you, maybe I will become your favorite friend, I have told many people. Those who used to be angry with me in life, now probably they also follow my videos. Being happy after watching this video of mine has changed a lot in myself. It is okay to take revenge from many people. If you want to take revenge in life, then start laughing genuinely. Seeing you, I am very happy.  I also know that many people do not sleep after watching my videos. If I have such a feeling, then am I a Guruji type of person who lives only in the spirit of revenge? No, no, it is not that I live for that, but  Those side effects are like saying  There are Colette benefits, it is okay to do some work, then you can also do it in this way because I am the only one who tells youtube0, like one had life in it, someone had another one, which movie of Sridevi was Chaalbaaz, there are two sisters, Hema.  It was Malini's Sita Geeta and its Apna Kaun Kaun Hai Ram Aur Shyam Dilip Kumar's Okay, so it always happens that one is tortured, one is like this, one does the same, so we should know both the things in life and the bad and the bad.  We should have a definition of the right time, when your time is neither going a bit bad nor you need to calm down but you should not have that helplessness in you, don't do anything more, learn things and be quiet and wait, wait, whatever we have done in bad times. Time is the effort put in learning new things, that becomes the basis of our good times. I have seen many people breaking down in bad times, why do they keep trying things like a donkey, try, try again, such things are divine creations like  By doing this and that, they become innocent and say something against them, there is an army to flog 1.5 crore people, but in just half a line, they damage the society so much that brother, you have to do your coaching comfortably. Do it, why is there a need to motivate him so much, if someone gets demotivated because he has failed three or four times, now he is not worthy of that, why are you motivating him or not, he will learn something, so when you because  Many people get so broken that when the right time comes, they do not do anything, their whole time becomes bad, then the right and good time comes, now they do not even know what is the good time because they do not have any conscience or consciousness.  Now how can they eat and wake them up, they have no base now, how can they enjoy the good times, how can they monetize, the pot is broken, Kamla is broken, both were weak, meaning she is broken, an ad used to come on Doordarshan like this.  Although there were dialogues in it  That ad for family planning has nothing to do with it, but from inside I had a feeling to tell you that you don't have to break, you have to ripen. Matki, if you are raw, then you don't have to break in bad times. Yes, you are vulnerable, but you have to ripen.  Keep cooking, you are getting that heat, no one is listening to the bad times, is not agreeing with you, yours are not going well, keep observing that it will come, I will not say this, my time will come, my time will come, sing, my time will come, sing.  There is no need to sing, stay silent and when your time starts, then speak, my time will come, start their time, don't wait that it will not come, it will come, maybe it will come, how many people will you tell about my time, they will look like a loser, keep quiet.  If your time is not running then you have no right to be a hero. Keep your finger on your lips. There is no need to sing any song. There is no need of any motivation. No one, my time will come, my time will come one day, they all said, no one. Chup learn will come  Learn Learn See How the World Works See How Relationships Work See How Money Works See How People Are Genuinely Not What You Want Them To Be See Who Can Help You How You Can Progress Ahead in Life See The Changing Trends Happening in Life Be a Gun  Observer of trends around you what is happening and vo aandar se chul parhon ho jaayegi jaise saade sa pe woh mera sango saral Video on Astrology: The time of one and a half year will come and it comes brother, it comes for many people in their 20s and even in their 30s, it breaks them, wants to teach, the time comes, sometimes it comes, sometimes only a few things come, but that time will come.  In those times you have to learn things and mature and whatever you have done at that time will become a great stepping stone or from where you can jump, the big one will be the one, many times in life it will not be big.  If you want to jump a pit, then if you see a pit, you will have to go back. Now when you are going back, you are not going back, you will come running, bring momentum and jump, now no one can tell you no, no, you are standing there, start running and jump.  Will not be killed. When you have to come back, you will have to come back tactically. Don't forget the strategy. People. Tactical advantage in life. Small advantages for short term advantage in life.  We lose the war in small battles. You should never lose the war. Battles keep going on. We have lost and we have won. We are small and at the same level. Here and there there is no one to win in the war. It is okay and don't let the moral go low. Motivation doesn't come sometimes Sometimes you have to just hang there Nothing to get motivated You have to just be there Just be there  It was told in the beginning that good things in bad times will pass and in good times, when good times are going, do not jump, don't think that it will last forever. You should always be there. Do such actions in good times that when bad times come, there will be many enemies.  No, it is okay for you because when the right time comes and you have made so many enemies and not many friends or well-wishers, then they will subscribe to Mijbil more. Tegra group will be found in the comment section, join that too. Can for webinars and other information thank you very much