Hello friends, a question came from a subscriber that G-30 gives more pleasure in wearing branded clothes and this also increases the speed of wealth creation. Money is coming because when the period of time comes, what balance should be done and how much consumption.  Is there a formula on where money should be invested? There is such a question, it is a very good question. Many such videos have been made on this question on YouTube, which have millions of views and very good statements. I don't think even one single thing can turn on the light and I want to claim that this is my video and whatever I tell in it is very deep, it brings life and that's why likes are created.  Like it and if it is okay to take like like last then like this movement now. If you have not subscribed the channel then subscribe the channel. All of you are in jobs. There is a number of jobs, lakhs of rupees, 200000 rupees, husband and wife can earn. Well, this is my Edison and Malik Mill class 9th class is a little okay, so the biggest question in it is that how much do I spend, how much is left, how much should I tell, how should I save, I am asking this question, this question itself is wrong and what should you do on that.  Attention, I had made a video, calculate your network, how much is it and focus on growing it, do not pay full attention to the job, do not pay attention to unnecessary things, pay attention to it, you will start getting answers, the end of this tells.  Many people want to party, why do you want to party, why do you want to party with friends, why should you drink alcohol, we want to leave only one, so I want to tell people in advance, write I want with only one will leave every day with.  Only day in English people subscribe to take a lot of steps, those people have to change and not leave with every day so this is the second thing of the thing, people are leaving the job, juices come out and end  Such people are going to live life on their own, they want every pore of 306, I want them, many people feel in their job and they know how to spend money in taking friends to the next strip in the Friday strip. That while roaming in the mall, he has to do all these things, he has made his system so revised because for those five-six days there was no control over his life and then when he goes here, he feels recharged.  Is  And in this recharge, they feel that Dhobi Ghat also feels good but it is a pyramid, the whole life cannot go through this, we have to go towards deeper things, I hope the audience will understand and those of you who understand this, between the thick and thin 70 80  But if you have understood then please write in the comment section. Those who have not understood, please write 'Mammo' when they feel that it is Maujampur. My request to the audience is to give only two things to me in the comment section.  I want you to understand, did you enjoy it or did it seem mumbo jumbo? If Mumbai seemed like Chembur then I will try and try to tell in a better way in a future video. Now let's move ahead. In this, you have to become interesting in your life, that is what you have to do when Your life will improve and you will become an interesting person, then people will start connecting with you. You need to party, and there are stoves for peeing. You should have branded clothes. You should buy bread cutlets and good clothes, but that's it.  There should be some limit on this half shirt, five products and two shoes, two watches, one mobile, put a limit on it, how long will you keep doing NDLS? I am feeling low and feeling low because I do n't know how to actually taste life, so it seems like the world is going on. You have the freedom to earn money and spend it only when you invest your savings with the quality of life that you define in the formula.  It roughly means that if you can save 70 cents of your take home salary for 10 years, then on a system basis and can travel decently, then you can get half of the job.  If you are a 70 cent soldier then I did not tell you the salary of Rs 10 crores, this is a salary of Rs 10 lakhs, I told you it is Rs 50,000, whatever is your status and that is the same.  If you want to look ahead, you can get rid of it in 10 years. Now 30% of the 70% will have to be done by you. If your wife gets a job then there are more chances of freedom, hence I advise women to get jobs for their wives.  It is okay to get a check of any amount of salary and if you don't have a job then it is a way to earn money. I shot in Ubuntu and 355 Winner of the British, this job is the only topic, you can understand it all.  But the biggest thing you have to do in this is that you will not get freedom from consumption, you have to consume because it is needed, you have to wear clothes, your body should feel good, you should look good, your personality should look good then do it, but you have to remember this thing that We also do this because we no longer feel like advocates from within. The one who has a lot of money wears his gray t-shirt every day like Mark Zuckerberg, it's okay because you see him as one of our class.  Those who include red chillies are class one remedy mill and are from lower class, they have a history from within and their vote is justified. If your childhood has been spent in poverty or not at that level of money and prosperity, then from within you feel very bad.  That I should buy a car and show it to you, because if your level is this level and you bring a car and show it to your relatives around you, then the achievement of the person who is at this level is very high and  All his activities are at that level, so now he can't show that much happiness there or ca n't take that much soft achievement. To buy one thing, you will have to buy chilli or some very expensive notes, today you will have to buy something useful to impress again.  We BMW and Mercedes and people are not impressed with the length of the road because that is a normal thing, then after studying them to play a different game, there is no end result in this game, it comes from appeal, follow the self-esteem good.  BUY THINGS WILL COST YOU WANT TO USE THIS AND MAKE YOU FEEL HAPPY IF YOU THINK ABOUT WHAT PEOPLE WILL THINK ABOUT ME IN SOCIETY What is the value of buying clothes then if you have knowledge value then it is okay to do a lot and above like people have  You must have noticed that again there is nothing to do with it. Chapter Note: Impressing People Without Clothes.  You do n't think that what I will wear and how I look will attract someone to me, then when you go to that level, you will not be bothered about how much I spend on these things and secondly, if you increase your income to such an extent, then It is not beneficial to think about the expenses. We have heard so many videos on YouTube saying how much should I save, do this, do this, then this much will happen, this will happen and this will happen, we feel very good and then it becomes expensive.  The question is that if someone of yours had a salary of Rs 25,000 and he was thinking again and again how much will he spend on whether to watch a movie or buy these jeans, then it turned out that if his daughter is supported by a salary of Rs 2.5 lakh per day, then he would not think about a small thing.  Because that is that out of 2.5 lakhs, I can spend only 25000 rupees but I can get my hair cut with someone who has ₹ 50, while someone who has ₹ 500 can spend a month in the union.  I take it only once, I will get my facial done, it takes ₹ 2000 to decide, because for me, his salary will increase, but the person whose salary is less will think a lot about what should I do here, I am saying this. Don't waste energy on thinking about what should I do with it, focus on increasing it because when it increases, these questions will no longer be logical, meaning they will have no meaning. The use of these questions is yours.  If the salary increases so much, then their salary will increase only when your value increases, when you increase your capacity to give value to the world and that is what I see, people do not work on it because once you have graduated, you have to do posts and editions. After completing some studies, you people would have got your job but now I just have to play with this, National G, there are courses in the middle also, there are some official certifications.  I don't believe in it and there is some practical knowledge which is practical knowledge and if you work on it for an hour every day then after year you will release that whatever work you are doing becomes too much for you to do. Please inform, it is important to save, it is important to save it in percentage. I want to click the subscribe button on the right side. This is the time to change the language of sunlight, people towards a little direction. Could I take it to you and how much clarity do you want on this part? Please do write on the comment section that I want this part but please stop eating with friends through are also in 10m Mishri of the job. Sitting with him over tea. Discuss how we should handle the pain and suffering of our job in future, Rana, the essence of the party should not be that he did this to me, he did this to her, I will message him, let this happen to me.  Crying that this is happening wrong, otherwise this is a trick, there is no progress in life. If you want to make friends then do it with such people that now yes, what is mute, how to do better beyond this, try as hard as you can  By collecting data of companies, you are giving growth, focus on personal data also, only then you will know in which direction you are going. Thank you.