What happened: Hello friends, if you have watched today's video till the end, then your understanding of real estate is going to increase a lot, you will be saved from speculative things, it will be very good if you will be able to explain it to your friend circle also, if you will be able to explain it to your relatives too, then it will be a little higher.  I am bringing the best thing of the order and will also give a sample of Higher Oil Thinking and also some of my claims India's Number One Playlist Clarity and so please stay connected till the end, a few days ago all ministers have Taken in the voice of another meeting, someone else was pitching to the party about some real estate story, so to take it, there was a lot of suit-boot English Hindi tea-coffee biscuit wala bandha, so I will tell in Hindi, it was fixed correctly.  Basically this was what he was saying in such a good English, the line that he was saying was that Faizabad flu does not cause any harm, it never causes any harm. If we talk about getting a plot then we will grow here like this, which place would you think of?  Yes, I have made a little video a few days ago, so I told him, 'No [Music] Subscribe, it is related to this, that is the name of the subscribe company and all this scan, so I said, has this ever happened, Ayub driving like this?  It has increased like this, it will fall here, this is what is happening, so today I am going to tell you that whenever the answers claim that you have very good knowledge of a subject, then how to get it approved, which I will start today. Under this video, I am giving you a template to check and judge someone. If a person is telling you that I am an export, then if you oppose anything he says, don't accept it, it is okay, then he  One told you the thing and said that it does not happen like this and you say that it does not happen like this, then if he is support then he will bat on your behalf and will tell you the point which is higher than your level of opposition due to which you will be very happy that see well brother.  Sir, you too  You are speaking yourself and will present that point with your counterpoint. Today I am going to show it to you guys, you guys will see. Okay, so I told them, on behalf of them, I said logic, if Testis Akhil, India is 2% of the whole world.  The land area that our Ghaghra holds is 2 per cent of the world tax, it can be done very quickly, it can be done in 2 minutes and the world population is in India, so it means the population holds 13 per cent.  If it is Lucia, then it is limited, if it is not happening, then you saw that you told it, then this is the mystery that you told them, yes, you were saying I told them from their words, you are absolutely right, you are 18 but cents.  The population is of the whole world and the population is also increasing. If our ridge gourd has it then it will be good, then he told me, then after that I again gave a counter counterpart, I said, it is not so and this entire video will be about that, I will tell you about the options in real estate. why yes how could it happen How to counter it, what are the things, the dark situation is only this, now I will tell you the variety of products, you stay connected, I told them the calculation, you have to write down the relations of all the features, we have a population of 140 crores, 35 crore families, divide ours by four. So thick is fine, normally the one who gives it says Indian Households is 5.6 oil, in the middle I take four oil so that we can increase it more, it is ok average.  5.6 It is said, let's take it, okay, 35 crores, we need a house, now I say, according to this, 33 crores 24, we will have all the ground floors from the house, there is no sleep in two floors, multistorey, so the job is 3540 25 2014 floors, ground floor. And every family will have a thousand square feet of ground on this box office. Uno's India is so poor and rich, everyone is a thousand square feet. You have to invest only the ground floor and every person.  He goes to work somewhere, includes the school children who go to school and you give 200 feet additional space to every person. If you forget him, call him his office space. You know that he is sitting tied to the shop, that is his office, okay.  Someone is doing a job but it has become his office. The school teacher gave it to everyone, but friends, you know that it will be ours from 20 2010. There is not so much space, but I said do it and make it the ground floor and give an office also.  It is a 305 storey house, if you do n't have any gloves then calculate this and do it for every Indian. Put transcription on the 15 day old child too. If you take both of them together then you will get the area. You will divide that area by 10.76 which is square feet.  Meter is converted in search, after doing the conversion, it will come out from Mota's mathematics that this area is one percent of the dark country area in this loot, that now few open eyes people can see it.  Click on mother and see, tried it like this, tried it for 5 minutes and said, the thing is correct, I am less than one percent, then people who argue also come into it, there are so many forests in India, how many forests are there, 23 cents is ok, digit yes.  Even the budget is surprised and the turtle is also on the reverse. Agreed, my brothers, I gave you respect for the part plane, but it is not one percent. Cut as much as I cut you at 23 cents. Cut the mountains at 23 cents. That person, people live in the mountains too. So people live in the forests too. Saint was saying on 23rd, ok then you cut that too. Desert also cartoon. While there are people living in the desert Rajasthan also, cut the Kutch of Gujarat, while there are people living there too but do n't cut it.  How much of this has been promised to be cut? Master Plan Lands in Abundance in India. There is no shortage of England. The problem is why should those people go anywhere? Now let me stop it here and tell you its opposite for a while. Australia Attention.  Hearing from Australia-India has increased by 3.3 times, the country is about 90 Kunwar kilometers, Australia is three points away from India, first of all, the real estate is torn down because their population is less than Delhi-NCR, how much population is the Australian team, road and now dieting.  crore population then the population of our Delhi-NCR is more than that. The population of Delhi-NCR is distributed in a country which has this spine point three times bigger.  Than through India you want a real estate unit but you check 2BHK car rent in Sydney 115000 When I tell you I am India's number one then I do n't care about India. From Birmingham to Auckland to your New York to study all the patterns.  The people who fall in real estate are the children of humans, the hotspot process is the journey, which used to happen 30 years ago in America, now here we have it and in Gurgaon, the people who fall in such cases. 15 years before Deewane, now people in small towns are crazy. Journey S plays the same playlist. You have to see the patterns. When you ca n't spread a little straight, can't you go 5 kilometers left? Can't the rates be reduced? Look at Australian real estate, do n't know.  People have been babble for 10 years, do they have 21 % population limited in their areas? Canberra is also the capital, Sydney is Adelaide, Melbourne is where all the cricket was.  Matches are there, write your own, who goes next, eighty percent of the bride is confined inside 1962, that Brisbane is fine, it is good to satisfy hunger, why don't you go a little away from the city, it will become a real estate company because people live in the center of the city. Every person wants to say that yes, it's good, you go, the world will go away, I will also invest, the day is going by itself, now I read that you people should stay connected like this, the expressway is going, it is going in the express. Brother  The expressway is going to the expressway, the rates will increase here, they will increase, Uday Bhai Saheb, what you see on the map, the expressway looks two dimensional to me and you think, I will take it to the left village, I will take it, this mantra is becoming something and You don't see that what is actually made takes hours and the villagers ca n't even leave the villagers on the expressway, they try to tease their tractors by breaking palms.  They call and discharge them and impose penalty on them. Police also comes and still it happens, people become sages, they have got nothing to do with Gillard's will now happen in India which were aspirational things 10-15 years ago.  So 30-40 years ago, it seems that something like this would have become very common that the expressway would become a fry country. After the arrival of Nitin Gadkari ji, you will see how many highways and highways will be built these days. Construction is going on, the average distance of 40 40 50 kilometers is coming, then all those houses will be settled, the related will increase, you can see the capacity very well, an airport is coming somewhere and I am telling you by name, there is such a director who was the ghost of Jewar Jewar, he was Bigg. Boss made a question, people like and comment that there is a sum of ₹ 5000 in Mahipalpur because Indira Gandhi had it, so now it will happen here too and the comment is that in your life.  It will not happen to us, it will happen to us, so you neither know anyone's age nor how much to write down, you don't even know the astrologer's idea, the code has already told you, it is okay that no one has any concrete idea, what is the number.  So when you get distracted and your arguments remain settled like they do in a news channel, then the comment is on you and he does not want to come into the conversation. Use your logic that you are sitting outside in the country.  You are people of Greater Noida, Noida side, you are people of UP and let me tell you that today I am going to give clear information to the people of UP and to the people of Haryana through an example, which till now the video has been made at 11:30 minutes and a little more.  Will add more time and there will be complete clarity, wherever the industries go, it becomes theirs and that of the industry, residential real estate will not increase, I have never said that the tide will not do any good and there will be no increase in prices but You are in the speculative zone of residential, there the rate of 1820 tractor has increased from 20 to 24 thousand. People say that it will become 6000 in 3 years, then sir, Khushi will become Bitcoin. Without your understanding, total benefit. Every person is saying that he is someone.  Will come and asked someone Do you want to go, I will not go, I will invest from where he is with you, in the city Greater  All of you people are doing the same thing in Noida again and again and again tell me that no underline person should go and find out the industry that is coming there, people will live inside the campus inside the industry, now after the government record they have been removed.  Well, you have noticed that whatever industries are there, they can make pimples in their campus and those who are labor level people, labor class naval people and those whose salary is limited to 15,20,25,30,35 thousand.  If she goes, then you will make a camp on those plots of yours and you will give them the meaning. Who will remain? Yes, ask questions to the young man on the plot. Not yours, the airport has come, so in India it has to come everywhere, airport less example. I have already said that in Bikaner.  Has it come or is it the airport? Your semen is in Bhatinda. There is an airport everywhere inside your hindun. This potato of your Hindu is in the international airport. By speaking natural, someone is going to break an international flight. Tell me the dance tomorrow, Jeweler. Airport Noida International Airport is being said that its brightness will be improved by the government and brands, all will do their part, do some persuasion, make a lot of progress in the country, but put your mind to whomever you have an airport, you have opened a shop, you can go anywhere, you can buy a PVR cinema halls.  And tell me, it will look like a pitra and people will start coming and seeing it because it has been opened, then you will say no, we have opened a hotel here, we have also tried to do all that, people do not come here, no one leaves Delhi, the ranking has come out now.  cleaned up  And at number nine in West, Very Good, it is a very good thing. Okay, Gurgaon is at number 44 out of 42, but you have to see this thing, you have to understand that cleanliness is everything and where more people are there, cleanliness is also done here.  It is difficult and if the day that cleanliness happens then don't go to Pokersingh elections. I also want the country to remain clean and well, all the cities in the country should progress well but the data is something else for Delhi so let Delhi fall further.  On NDMC Road, here there is all this pomp and show, it is clear to the public that Delhi is number one, on this face the real estate of Delhi will be spoiled, so do not mix the two things, you are going for that.  I also say this to whomever Rahul is going to the country of Azad, live in the mountains, live on the banks of the river, live in the desert, live on the beach, live anywhere as per your choice every day, but when we talk about this, then we take the plant in such a hurry, thinking that it will grow, can we?  You lots of injustice to the investors cannot be taken on the fact that where there is no human being today, those of you who are from North India and have not been to Gujarat, Modi ji was also the Chief Minister and on the Gujarat model you know he is the Prime Minister. And all that development there will go to Kandla Port that you 24 Jammu and Kashmir is development, see there is activity in 2019, there is a lot of money, retention rate is not increasing, people will stay.  We don't want it, we don't have taste, there is no history, there is no fun, there is no taste in food and drink, there are no people, children have gone to school, no one wants, are there rates, big things, what is the glamor of the industry, what has happened to it, if residential plots are not available.  Now I will tell you as an example to watch, this video will definitely become big but I will make a flop video of it and in that I will tell you this is a great story of workout in Uttar Pradesh. In the examples of Uttar Pradesh, I will tell where in Uttar Pradesh  Whatever money has to be invested, I will tell you rationally, and residential is not necessary inside Jhajjar. If it is too far, it means that the plot should not be made. There are too many warehouses because it is a very important activity for that. But if it is happening then where is it?  Buying is important in this, only the industries will go where there is a blended thing, then the input cost will increase and once the industry has set up its industry, then that industrial land will not be more expensive than a limit and if it or  So this big thing will not come to the village and is the formula industry will want to acquire land seat stylish coat system things you improve admit but if you yourself those who speak will happen in our 15 years go in between and see if any investment  If you are not able to understand its statements for 5 years, then the investment is not right. You did not wait for so many years. People buy Jhala only for long term in mutual funds and these people have done it without any investment.  We do it only in subsidy, returns do not come in long term, we keep changing the definition of long term, in real long term, all off but not effect, it is ok, it was three or four long term, only a part of the people or it is like Britain.  They will speak again for 15 years, they kept it closed, look at the loss, see that, you have to look at the opportunity cost in life, when you do one thing, you cannot do another thing, it has a cost and this is later.  If you will know only in the middle class, then the middle class person should not go to this place in this zone because once you put it and he does not get anything, then I will tell you videos on this whether to put it in the store, this back cash only difference, only quality off.  Life is growing as your plot is lying, events should be stagnant, it will not have any positive influence in your life, soon you can sell Rs. 10 lakh in the stock market i.e. liquid, still you can get away with Rs. 10000  You can sell something for ₹ 2000 and get away with it. What is there in the plots that big investment is lost and it is not withdrawn. Well, the initial person who bought it at 10-12 thousand and then it became 20 to 24 thousand in a fluke and now it is selling.  But the rate has come down to this, but if you go to sell it, it is something else and the one who is buying it at 20-24 thought that it will be cleared, then the party does not continue at the same time notification light.  In the stock market the share price will be replicated turning in long-term which is like a running, similarly in the short term the share price can go up a lot or go down a lot, look at the valuation of the heroine till one lakh crore.  Super is a company of lipsticks and nail polishes and its profit is not even Rs. 62 crores. I don't understand why it is doing great. Its F5 is expected even within 24 days. This is Shahrukh Khan's.  If you are telling his profit as Rs 400,500 crore, then you are saying that his profit for 3 years is 250 p, then what does it mean? I am not recommending * Sell buy in note, also registered by MP3 example of how much you are willing to describe  Future and Kitni Aage 20 Saal 20 Saal Ok 20 Saal Baar Dekho Movie Bhi You must have heard then I will take videos flop on this.  I have clearly told you in this that there is no shortage of land in India, okay, there is a shortage in India, people would like to stay, people are going there, they do not want to go from there on their own, or if they go, they will go to all the foreign countries, the whole world.  Indians, if they want to go then they can go there and there are many such places in India which are better than India, are clean and nice and if they want to go there and do something then turn off the alarm, they can go there, still a limited Indian C  the rest have gone, haven't they? This is the same on 140 road, it will be 23 crores, our brothers, India is fine but don't leave the illusion that there is cleanliness here, I am leaving, then history tomorrow evening F-18, there is a lot in real estate, there is not only one reduction, but all there.  Something will come and then all will be like this, there they will come, they will come like this, they will come like this, the whole definition of this necklace is changing and the definition is changing. Do not buy commercial in Gurgaon because you will find malls in it.  It doesn't have as much traction as it did 10-15 years ago, there was frustration 5 years ago, it has gone into straight retail, so no one knows the details, hey, if Mario Kart comes, then you will get money to buy stuff at home, like this.  If something happens, yours will not go brother. Here in the malls, people have to show this and that. Now friend, Heading Director, please explain the real estate where it is located. Are the relatives not only residents of this two?  Manifests are not only seen respectively * When things are human and you understand the visibility in a story of two-three years, that all this will happen in two-three years, in 2 years, in one and a half years, in 2 years, then yes you should Always something happens in this life 1015 It is not a good thing Dwarka Expressway a prime example Had been done since 2007 for 14 years  Also Dosa Dosa Dosa is incomplete, now it will be done in two but the one who had taken the eleventh and twelfth till 2060, that generation is over and Mr. You who is of a builder in area 102 which was launched in 2013 at that price. But yes Bebo and it has fallen in between and has increased by 35 cents from its lowest price, so it is at 35 cents. This is good for those who bought it two years ago.  35 returns have been received but the people who had taken it in the beginning have broken even, now it is all the speed, I brought it, how did you guys like the video, did you like something in it, did you understand something, you were against it, but talk about it coherently. Write in the comment according to logic. Just don't write that you have got your knowledge. Is my knowledge less or wrong? If I say that India's population is 140 crores, it is wrong. Tell me the area of ​​India is 2 percent.  I am telling you that it is wrong, tell me, tell me the area of ​​Australia, the population there and the rate, tell me, it is wrong. Be very specific whether this information is wrong and whether this information or inference is wrong, then he will tell and I.  Now I will tell you in the next videos that if you are throwing a lot of money and you are not able to understand the residential thing and you have to become a player of danger, then I am very dear to you.  Should I tell you with examples? If you want to know that example, please write. Yes example. You write this example. If you write this example, I will tell you what a great game you played. Don't you know some tips? After arresting, something can be done with such a mind also. That where you can make money without any investment, just from your pocket with the best information, just information, don't even invest money and you will earn money and some  Speculative examples are very interesting and I am either you or I am telling some people, I am getting very good support, many people are liking it but even those who do not believe it, sometimes what happens is that it is forwarded in WhatsApp groups. I know it happens and it hurts the person to whom the money has been invested, so I have one thing, this time I have talked about something painful, are you okay with what I say, you are going to suffer such a huge loss, come back to me Subscriber 50 Lakhs  There is no subscription on the market that I will send so much SMS on my request, I am only adding such a teacher but I am in the garage bulero, learn a little more in a few days, I will tell you a little more, who knows, the decision will come back, sleep in your room because the convention.  It is very easy to convey, spread and back it in our India, but it is very difficult to explain, that is, even the top leadership has to come and speak with all hands, that is, almost, if they are not able to explain, then if they are taking it back, then it has to be explained many times also.  It is absolutely fine, it is good, but it can be explained only to those who understand. Who can explain it to those who do not want to understand? So, I believe that those who are my subscribers, premium subscribers or those who like my content, want to understand. To explain, in the next videos I will use the board, which I do n't want to do because of lethargy. And let me just tell you spicy because it will require a little reading from the ad. It feels good to make it sitting straight and by yourself.  It will be a little difficult to do this, neither will I make this video for you guys, please like, share, like, thank you.