Jhal Ok Understand This Basic A Topic Is How To Increase Jupiter Part Guru Tattva Senior Section Engineer Only When We Awaken Guru Tattva In Our Personality Then It Does Not Matter What Khan Is Sitting There Guru Tattva Is Nothing But Trust Lade Bhi Start Trusting People Guru Tattva Curtains start falling, national sovereignty just trust people because of countries people will dry up ok will betray how much sorrow  If the filter goes there till thousand rupees then alarm Google to give ₹2000 interest karo cold play ki problem hai tum san staff bal dooreen short note of things in life that this content does not fit to mercury subscribe to mercury element and if one thing  We have to do this because the more it is, the less it will be, it is possible that all of it will be gone and it was complete but there is something else, this Sindhi shelter is mercury.  Mercury Chilli, small talk, Chhote Thakur, Mercury will always meet, there can be someone like this, if there is one agar, then Waghmode, set a big one, that I will get the whole of chocolate, he is the one in the whole, black forest.  Vanilla Chocolate Fruits and just how many people have I said in Happy Birthday, it has nothing to do with the spelling of birthday that we have made and good, good, okay and very good and make it in good spirit and  A good function is happening, it will get stuck, the spelling of birthday in happy birthday should die, there are many such people in our life, I am telling you by taking examples, find your own example, you too can be like this, when you become like this, then only you will understand this.  The one who will go after the small thing, the one who will go after the thing should have his own personality, the one who will go after the big thing, there are investors like Chetan, he has the benefit of one stop in the stock market, we also need such people. But we don't want to be in the market and sometimes such a need arises but they mix the picture without it, meaning it is just a draw and they are checking inside at that time. This glass is not kept properly by me. It is Vipin Dogra and 2.  It will all go away within an hour, no matter what happens, if she ever understood the bigger picture, AB, this is how it is in relationships, this is how China is, this is how men are, this is how things are with many, many people, Ad Meena, you are in the wrong place. People are asking, teachers are students, okay, so these people, first of all, to awaken Guruji, see whether this mercury element that remains elevated is also Venus, very good press, but tips, they can't keep their head behind that only for enjoying that only for me. My car should be good, my clothes should be good, my face should be good, all this should be there but it has its limits and you cannot live your entire life by holding on to only that element. You have done everything in one test, taken it by every inch.  It will be amazing, the photo has been taken, the Eiffel Tower has been done, there will be clothes, there will be beauty, and all the work has been done, now you have to fry somewhere else, don't break it, and now you have to cook it to a higher level, somewhere, one will have to be put on it, so this is it.  Business and Minister, go for the sake of what is today, if people's Ketu is this element then the tattoo in the form of condition is more visible to you or to me, it is not visible to me. Okay, then you should know the spirituality of Ketu.  Wake up, second thing, what is the biggest thing, spirituality is the work, there are only two ways to give specialty to those who give many guru mantras. We are listening to these attacks and I said, there is only one way, although there are two ways, there is one way.  We also gave a little bit of everything and will move on. Sticking to it is the easiest way. In our Sanatan Dharma, it is not given a big status. Okay, we left everything and went and made them happy, that is an easy way. I, my wife and children, everything is fine. All the Gods of ours  Everyone is worshiped by the family, show it in that wound of WhatsApp, everyone has a family, get married, have children, it is okay to go on the road, doing everything, going towards the pretty, this is that the personal soon and wave does not come without money, then one more into it that if you  You are poor, you cannot go towards Christianity, leave me separately, now I have nothing to do with my son, I have nothing to do with my daughter, if you want, then go to hell, become enemies with her, but don't leave me, festivals without money, college life is too much.  The deep thing is that money, happiness and peace will come only from that and only then you can sleep on these things in life. I tell you in the form of Jamphal, if you do not have water, you are feeling thirsty and water is not even visible then all.  You think what is money  Is like when you are thinking about the child's job?  Whatever your own issue, whatever program is there, it is sustainable, it will move forward, if it is not progressing, then when all the energy goes into it, then it is systematic. Well, man, are you all spiritual?  There is no but a rich man has a chance to become special and he wants a lot and you can locate pimples by 0.5 inches Mukesh Ambani ji very spiritually 21381 Look at this people have this a great words Captain SP I should do a furniture with your peace Look that means look at the face when  Whatever you send, I can do this. What is wrong with the Sangh? How many people have been given placements and even after looking at the horoscope, I am telling that it is fine.  Yoga is there, I am telling you even by looking at the face, I am telling you people that you are agreeable or not, everyone should not be agreeable, boys are also the problem in here, looking good is the day of stagnation, I am writing about those who are very worried about their family, that if you are poor then you are weak.  And if I tell you the opposite, then it makes sense. It's okay, we are big, we are in control, so much Raghavendra Yadav, Gulab Jamun of Roti, if I get angry, I will tear it. Who told me, I don't know who is my father.  If Mukesh Ambani has nothing then leave you and Venus, we want to submit. It is very important to do that whoever has to cheat you has to give and to the 939 people whom you should have trusted lightly, you did it to one person.  If you were not doing it to save yourself, then by trusting them in your life, it is a sign that your life goes from here to here, and the one person who had to do it takes you here by making it his own, then you have not done anything by trusting your life either.  but you can't Truck because you don't want to go here then if you get up then you will be deprived of 99 people, you reach here, that cheater would have even thrown you down from here, but you have not gone from here to here, so from here to here in your heart.  You could have been here but here they go Videos You get this message How many people would you have to arrest on default settings Benefit America of visitors Pilot will land Not drunk Drink given Allegations as per  He must have seen the 9th medical properly, his mental condition is fine, both the pilots will land immediately, even if the weather is bad, they will know how to join the train, the driver must know how to drive the train at night.  Will not sleep. Do you trust? When you go to eat in a restaurant, you are interested that it is clean and fine, I will stitch it, it will not be there tomorrow too, by the time you go, you would have put your wife first, my wife will remain with this note, the mercury will not rise in the hour.  You don't have to, otherwise how will you go, you don't even send the children who have left home for 5 days, you do anything, if you do n't trust, you will die, you take out the quantity, you write that blind belief is America, you have to trust and try to contact development.  Fund and See How Miserable Life is from Vestige Winner Zinc Iodine Krishna said, I will press my wife and children, I will not press it on others, but try it brother, try it a little, what is trust? Blind, yes, Guru is saying.  What is the essence, business also does not have the same interest, the one who does not trust him or does not have a system, it does not mean that the guru man is going and doing updates, the guru man has so much knowledge and wisdom.  He knows who has to be pressed, who has to be done, does it, gives awards to the one who is not to be done, he doesn't call anyone Mr. Vardi, but our mercury element is so important, it mixes everyone. Next 9 News Room  Returned from and very consistent, time is under no one's control, you will know the name Guru, you will know that you have to press it, I hope I could explain, you can stop barricading, you can take off.