Hello friends, BMW is a car, Rolls Royce is a car, Bentley is a car, what are the brands of cars, their cars cost from 75 lakh to 2.5 to 3 crores, what is their logic of being so expensive, I have no idea, the thing is a brand.  The reason is that there will be some other toe export who will know these things. I am a real estate sport, so I will talk about the valuation of real estate because the project is told to someone first, the first question is how much.  So price war on tube and evaluation and values ​​that you get so that we know the value that if the property is around the price I am paying then the bank decision on the property becomes easy then I will understand this is my request to you  I told all the people that my series of real estate education should be forwarded to the children who follow you and tell them that they will make notes on this and will give you video voice when you talk to 15 to 20 victims.  You will have 15 to 20 pages of notes. 6 to 7 points on every video. With these short cloth shedding, your information will become so good that the decision-making of their children who ever want to buy property and your stomach will also be very good.  If it will be good then please do this, it will be your special contribution. You may not be able to do all this, then coming to valuation, I will explain it with a live example which is the example of Gurgaon. You can apply the template in any city. I will give this example of under construction property. Valuation of under construction property is easy. There has been a lot of transparency in Vikas Mera. I will explain this valuation in two ways, one will be a little technical method and the second.  This will be a very simple method, so first let us start with the technical method. Hotspot of Elevation of Under Construction Flat in Project Multistorey Apartment. I will tell you what is it.  We apply for Zohra certificate, which is an agency like after appearing in Haryana's exam, there is an agency of Gurgaon which is HD, then go to their site, enter the name of that builder, enter the name of this project, you will get their application in detail in that application.  It is written that the project is worth how many crores, how much is the cost of land, then from here you take out the cost of land, how much is the constructed area in it, then it will be written in meters, convert it into city feet.  Do this, you have to multiply by 10.76, if it is a lot, then first of all, calculate the cost off and the square feet on the land because you are saving square feet on it, either you calculate the cost on the square feet of this project which is inside Heart Gurgaon.  The builder had taken a loan of Rs. 100 crores in this project and it has quiet s. Friends, St. Louis Pet, so what happens in this is that there will be 2BHK apartments.  If it is for K, then you did not understand how to divide because divide by 2.5, how to do this because the area in 4bhk is less than in 2, so you do not have to do anything, first shift is to calculate the total area, you came to know from there that  You have to divide the total area by the total cost. Divide it by the area and the answer will come out. The answer of ₹ 15 is the opposite of what is under construction number one builder India and in this the cost is  The cost of land comes out to be ₹ 15 square feet. Cost of collection from Madhavan Correction. For a premium apartment, we can go with 2527. Depending on specification, in this case we take more figure of 259. We have to calculate it roughly, not exactly like gold rates. If we calculate it in plus or minus five percent, then we have a very accurate estimate, so when you calculate it, the cost is 25 feet of hardworking people.  The cost of correction and line is now fifteen hundred, so the total will be ₹ 4000, even after that there are DCIDC charges, external development charge, internet chart, infrastructure chart, these three charges are included in the same Lehra application in which 115-120 crores are spent on this project.  It comes from which again we have 1573 E Pak, then the cost will be Rs 100 and on top of that the cost of GST is the declared cost of this poster.  There is GST on top of that, GST and gender expenses, advertising marketing expenses from the display market and it comes to the Pacific Coast, so if the builder sells this thing in the race page, then it is a very good buy that you are getting different four to five percent of that thing.  Just like we calculate the book value of shares in it, if you take it out then you will find it very good. The most important thing in these things that you have to see is that when the taste becomes too much, then the square feet red on it. Very little comes out of land, so the video I made about a boy on density, you will have to watch it again, it is a very important video, like in a project where there are a lot of flights, but by doing so, the cost should also be reduced and where flats are  If we do a company then its length will be more in square feet cost, so we look at both of them and compare in this way, in this under construction project, you can calculate very easily, all the main projects of Gurgaon.  There are good projects of good brands on Dwarka Expressway or wherever zooming, I have done all their calculations very well. Anyone who wants can join me. I have calculated them very well, so in this project like 60.84% ​​is available and  There is also a profit in it that is ₹ 40 so it is a very good buy. Now if I want to calculate it in a simple way whether I should buy it or not then its icon method is which it is a  If you are getting 3BHK in 2050 Pickup project, then you have to see if there is any recognized Ko Roy like Kurta sector nearby within 500 meters to one kilometer of his project. How much is a builder floor apartment of that size available in that builder?  The cost of the floor apartment is  It is not possible because if there is no need for builders to register, there is no security, there are no features, I am getting only 10 cents from it and I have to pay that money in three-four years for the builder floor, so I have to pay today.  Have to pay and ten posts and if you are getting it then it is a blind buy, there is no need to ask anything if you are getting support builders within 20 cents and you are getting Rs 1 crore 30 lakh and the money you get within a month.  Give without seeing and this is also clear, you are getting support even at a higher level, you are getting support at Rs. 156, you are getting one crore at Rs. 56 lakh, even then this is goodbye 20%, goodbye till thirty percent, you can buy more money than thirty percent.  The matter seems to be equal and if there is a period of three to four years in it then it is better for you because your money is going slowly that in the payment plan like Rs. 2014 5820 has to be given in 2 months.  You have to pay after one and a half to two years and then after one and a half year you have to pay Rs. 350, then this calculation becomes very simple. In the under construction project, I am coming to the second topic and it is constructive. Now let's evaluate it, so if your in construction.  If a property is more than 20 years old and you are opening it, then if you calculate its rent for the whole year and it comes but the remaining Rs. 3 lakhs, then if you get the rent for 35 to 40 years.  If it is a one-time film, then leave it aside. If the property is for 20 years, I will repeat it again and it is paying you rent for 35 to 40 years or above, it is difficult, but if it is for 35 to 40 years.  If you are getting it then please send it because you will not get it because the board graph will go down. It is ok, so if you are getting it, then paste it to the person who is buying, then I would say to buy a 20 year old property. Below I am telling you all these things, these lips will wear out very quickly, so this is it, I have given you a little parameter of value in the eyes, I have written a very detailed article on this with a lot of examples and data which  Is it easy to read or is it a PDF of 29 articles which I am giving for ₹ 93? There is no use of free knowledge because even if you buy a newspaper for ₹ 10, then respect it a little, it comes hands-free.  If we go to this chapter, there are 20 articles on different interesting topics on real estate. Many people have read them. Many people have read them from me and have appreciated them a lot. If you want, you can connect with me.  I will give you that article which is serious and is the victim of twenty articles. Thank you.