That Hello friends Gurgaon Real Estate Secret Series Card Next Video How Devils Fool You in this Builder Buyer Agreement in a lodge or when they sell the thing that we will give you this much rent and will stay for 24 months then used a lot of creativity Listen carefully Project  If it is launched and West Macrame is in the month, if someone says, 2 years, we will rank you, see which one is available, okay, now we will show the calculation that So much and 248 done it, then he gives brother some ten percent etc. 168 I put in the builder bar agreement and he says that brother, it will be done only after the builder buyer agreement and within 16 minutes of the builder agreement, I will prepare the flat and give it to you. He saved eight months of smart creativity. You can't even cry because he finished the slide quickly and also asked for technical tips. We had planned for 24 months.  It is okay to give in but I hung builder agri quid minute and after that the meter code was to be after vibrant and I had given you the same till you like Vijay Visharli By doing so OCD apply apply means work is still going on  His program is going on, so it is possible that he may make you 14-15 months, do it for eight months, now you cannot technically say this in much chatting, is it destiny that I made it early because then and and that every?  The letter witch was clear and by doing this there is creativity, so you have to understand this creativity, so whenever you go to buy something, you will be wondering how much will you get on this front, how much will you get on this front, if you want to test this thing, then Just tell him directly, brother, listen to what you are saying, you are giving so much benefit, don't give me this benefit by doing this, because when you reduce my rate, then you will give me GST on top of that. but not my registry  If it happens in ₹ 100, what I am saying in the middle will be reduced, please do it well for me so that I don't get GST on ₹ 100, nor history of hotspot on ₹ 2000, there will be a difference of 20 rupees on that, no 5 years in GST portion. Drishti will propose 12, add scent of jewelery on 12, if it is two points then it is 2.4 percent, Swati, tell me, what comedy is he doing with me?  I am doing comedy so I am going to show that there is something to be done, it is okay and in that you cannot say anything and you can do that there is something else on the paper, if there is someone to say something then it can be anyone's boy or post a reply and will tell. Send WhatsApp message, share WhatsApp, they don't have anyone, there is no builder agreement anywhere, rest of what I was told, they do n't have anyone, ok then please like it, watch it quickly, share, increase subscribers and please subscribe.  I request you all to contribute up to Rs 25 thousand, very little is left, thank you.