Hello friends, this is a very interesting topic, there is a little bit of astrology in it, even if you do not know much about astrology or have not seen it, then definitely watch it. You may not have that much knowledge, but it is going to be interesting. You increase your Guru element in life. It is okay, very much.  This is necessary because most of the people are becoming the best like Mercury and Buddha are becoming the best. What is the difference? I will try to understand through examples and what is the benefit of Guru Tattva Jag and that. How is the world on its own? Everybody is born with a date. Just think about it, when we are born, our head is balanced, after that life continues, due to our exposure, thought process and all these things, the elements start moving here and there, according to me today.  Since many people are becoming better off mercury and too much element A has gone, understand it in this way that everything is like vitamins or we have different parameters, a balance of health is always good, so I  Under the example, I will tell you what is mercury waste. Recently, I had made a video for the middle class. While talking in it, like I am doing now, if I don't want to read the message after seeing it, then it came out of my mouth. Belinda is a fan of the middle class children of Belly in D Fire, so many people, many people, there is Fire in D Belly, the day after tomorrow, like me, I don't know that there is fire and belly, there is valenfair, this is Guru Tattva.  It tests because the Guru gives a lot of fun. The Guru element that you will see, it is too late to see the fun. A person with Guru element can be a child or even a young man. For him, he becomes a Buddha and no matter who he is. Okay, I will explain to him that today beer is so happy, this Indian, what is our Indian education system, Mercury is the best, I know, I know, I know, then why Suyavanil in D fire, I know, brother, I know, he is everyone's check.  to do  It happens whose kalimant is Ketu is also inserted, have you ever seen how Ranveer Singh is wearing clothes, stripes, streaks and Ranveer Singh date actor, everybody is falling this, who has the knowledge but then again I am going to tell you this by making it very astrology based.  I would like to say that there is no need to be too correct. Anytime there is a discussion going on, there is a conversation going on, oh yes yes, I read it in the book, this next guy is fine, your bosses are also like this.  It is possible that your bosses may also be like this, you may also be like this, your juniors may also be like this, you may also have people in the office who are left or right in your relatives too. You may just be such that you got less than the story or even someone of the league.  Have to cut a cake, there is some function in the office and you have brought a very good cake, very tasty, very good goat, it is at a reasonable rate, Happy Birthday is written on it, if something had been written, it would have become a little like this or it is a BIRT ha.  Would  If it is R then it is okay, there might be some mistake in the spelling, now he will just jump on it, what happens sometimes on such a small thing, there is a wedding function to be held, it was being discussed about a big function, but a man is being discussed.  Who will put these small flowers behind them? These are the people who are so Buddha based, this is the only one, their intelligence has to be made sound, their vision has to increase at some point, they have not understood the strategy at all, it is okay when I want to speak, Guru.  Element  IT is what strategic thinking is, let's talk in English. We don't know all this that we speak. What is the Guru element without being the long term father? Okay, so our element which is this kind of forceful sounding of intelligence which happens in the class.  The child raises his hands like this, he has to impress the teacher all the time, to get the marks in glass partition participation, he has to be good in the eyes of the teacher, a person with Guru Tattva is good in the eyes of anyone, it does not matter who is gold.  I do what I have to do, I know it, I know it all, that attitude is there, now what do many people call this? Arogyas Maa Lachaye Wich is ok arrogant has not come like this. One who is enlightened will never see arrogance in him, he is learning approval on everything.  He is learning approval in everything and by learning approval and always doing good, he is learning approval himself, so when he collides with the people of Guru Tattva, then he has to say your spelling like this.  It's wrong, it does n't matter that your shirt is n't pressed, it doesn't matter that your shoes are n't polished, it doesn't matter that you're not looking sexy, it doesn't matter that you're the next one down because you're distracted by all these things, people Someone will move forward with the body, someone will do something and will move. The monkey with the element of gravity does not care for him, he is fat, he is fat, it is not with the body, there is no story, now this confidence is not there in today's children, it is not there in today's generation.  and middle class  The middle class I am talking about, sorry, I am from the Middle East, I am not even among them, they get distracted very quickly and go away, it makes a lot of difference to me, people call me dada ji, people call me dadu, I have further emotions, I also did not make bed flowers for me.  But sometimes the perspective is not correct if you are just linking me and respecting me because of me white hair witch I reject you black and then that communication will not be correct na you bill Think Baby Boomer S I'm very junior Generation Content smoothness in me page in me this is okay and also give people don't take it because people take it every if she refused to dye her hair then actually that much  It must have been done because now it is necessary to dye it because the 55 year old has been dyed like the 60 year old. This Sunny Deol of yours is roaming around with his 65 year old hair done because of people and that means Dharmendra is also roaming around, that is a different thing.  Okay, so now that's a different job, come on Maa Lee, it's okay but in normal time people bill not do but no you bill not do because mercury best mercury base me bhai tere ko hoga nahi because yeh tu  Match interested, what is happening, you have date from inside, think that no one can move me like this, bigger planet than Jupiter, marketing, small planet, if all these are in astrology, people do not take it into actual, all these are like peace, nor is astrology like that.  Like I have definitely said that it is an elephant, it is a horse, so is it real? Is it not real? It is an elephant, it is a queen, it is a king, just like that Astrology is Mercury.  To understand Jupiter like this, people come to the video and come on TV to predict who will win the cricket match and when will he go to the court in India and all this has been done by predicting it, okay now I will go to it more, make it different and different.  Can't like her, but I am telling you again and again, stop lying. First of all, in life, your Guru element will increase. When you do your own hair tomorrow and you know it is white, now you have to attract women, make girlfriends.  Is  So it is a different matter that even if they don't like it but if they know then it will also work if the basis of the relationship has gone wrong Jupiter Trust People Trust People First You Have You Trust People Trust The meeting in life is as meeting as it is, one cannot run away too much and  There is no Michael Lal born who doesn't get cheated for ₹ 50, 100, ₹ 200. Everyone will get cheated for ₹ 1000, so make one of your own even for ₹ 1000 ₹ 5000. I have the ability to cheat, so start bill interesting people because of you 99 good people who should have trusted you, your genes change a lot, they create a meaningful relationship with you, you move ahead, you get less business, you trust Mr.  It is 99 and that donkey is all that donkey is all, you are still there till the story is not the story is hit and still you cannot do anything, its development is like this, many settings are there, you have bill, you show trust, hey  Brother, you trust system and airlines, DGCA and Center have checked its set weight, it has alcohol test, it must have to drink alcohol, it must have to fly the plane, everyone goes inside silently, she and the hostess do everything quietly and silently. Everyone sits on their belt and joins their plane. Life goes on, do n't you trust? When you go to the hospital for an operation, you see the name of the hospital and then go there. Now, after going to the hospital, what kind of doctor are you meeting? His research. if you do  Are you MBBS, where did you get it, how many marks did you get in 11th, how many did you get in 12th, no, I will not let you cut your stomach, I am being suspicious about you, I am not well, the doctor must be fine, you go to the hospital to eat food here, as many as these.  Also, in hotels etc., the use of prism should be clean, it will be fine, you have trust, you will not trust in the default setting, because what is there is no trust, if this trust is going, then Guru Tattva becomes zero. And then it is visible in everything, it is visible in your relationship, the Guru element is not below, it is below you, it is visible in your performance, it is visible in your money attraction capability, you are seen in everything, behind the Tok Tanki relationship too. So this is how mobiles get damaged - show me where you went, where you went, what you were talking about, what you were talking about, what is happening, how is it happening, then you have created mercury element, this is too much curiosity and asking this.  should but  This should end a little in the level of children. When you become wasted, you cannot run after everything like this. Who knows this, this, you, whatever you talk about, what is your qualification, you are the qualification of this qualification, the man asks only that.  That's what I am asking: Do you want to open your stomach? I am asking what is the qualification? It is normal that everything is being qualified because whether you have sent yourself in pursuit of that qualification or you have been sent away, then you have given its value. Advice: If you understand what is being said, do it, if you are getting benefit by implementing it, then do it, otherwise give him something bad. If a very qualified person does such a bad thing to you by talking nonsense, then you will doubt his qualification.  Do that to the guy, what will you do, you can't do anything. There are very qualified noble norids who were managing big funds. America 's husband speaks and there are two.  Then what will you do with Nobel laureate, many people do that, what to do, if you can't do anything, then do too much of this thing in everything, according to me, there is a lot of time, life is very limited, learn that there is one more thing in Guru Tattva.  One must have the capacity to learn, one must have the capacity to learn and one must also have the capacity to change one's opinion. You told me so many facts about life, now I have come to know about some new facts, so this was my opinion, so I changed it.  Only a person with Guru element can do this, he will sell mercury or whatever is based on mercury, he will say, hey, people told me that I was saying this, I was saying this, then what will people say, what will I say, his attention will go to that.  It will not go into this that how new this thing is, how correct it is, I was thinking like this, I did not know anyone about the time, this was the time of mine, this was my thinking because it was from my input, now my inputs have changed, on this change of inputs, this is  yes and again tomorrow  If something has changed or a new perspective has been found or people's way of sleeping has changed or people's priorities in life were different 30 years ago than today or 10 years ago it is different or different, so the opinion and that.  All knowledge has to be changed, then when your flexibility comes in the thought process, then your Guru element increases. If you are not flexible in your thinking, all the time you are thinking who is judging you, Guru is never a judge. Whatever you do, if you have a great Guru Tatva, you will not judge your child. When you are with NDA parents, you must have seen that many times parents tell their children many things, do n't do like this, don't do like this, don't do like this, it is okay, the child does many times.  And he goes wrong and suffers loss. The first reaction of the parent is the same as in 199 periods. See, I told you. Oh, see, I told you. Why is he saying this? Even he knows it. Unfortunately, what is knowledge these days?  The caregivers or the parents or the worldly world are telling 100-100 things that don't do it like this, it will happen like this, otherwise something will happen in 98, otherwise something will happen in two, now I looked at those two, I said, I said, where  So you also had that 98 thing, that saree mother would have taken, it is okay, this one is not yours, but it will be yours, okay, and the loss was done and you turned out to be very knowledgeable in these two things, what about dose 98, that is yours.  If you had listened to the saree, I would not have married someone with whom I am so happy or I would not be doing this, I am happy here, two things have happened, a mistake has happened because sometimes you do something, you have to buy a car, whoever.  No one will say that there was a car better than this, you buy a house, buy a flat, buy a plot, you buy a stock, you cut your hair, you pick up a story chain, if you take it, it had great taste, okay, Jalebi, its this bill. Always Happen This Bill Always  Happen because mostly people are surrounded by Mercury based people, Buddha based people, they decide to be coming like that because if they are with you then in the same way, there will be some tricks to identify a person with Guru Tattva that you should associate with such people or  If you want to become like this in yourself, then you yourself are becoming like this, then you release that this element is my flood, the biggest thing is that there will be stagnation, you will not even disturb by sitting with them, you will be at peace with ease.  You sit down, what happened, okay, no problem, who will take the lead today, what does this attitude mean, who has taken up, then you must have heard such a dialogue, where has the story taken, what does it mean, this kind of one is okay, okay okay  There will be no judgments. Judgments think that you are already good, you are like this, you did this, you did that, by doing this you will not invent your own personal personal space. Guru will nab you even while you are outside, but a below the belt will not go to you.  Will shake, will not break, will not break your story and will not attack. Okay, mostly people are intelligent, but the one who is very happy will also come to know with his brain that this person is doing it for my good. He has no flag of his own in this, Guru.  You will also forget it because you will not see it, otherwise what would have happened, I have forgiven and today you have forgiven, after that after 10 days the same thing is happening again. Well, you had done the same to him that day also, so what did you do?  Forgiveness is still going on in your mind, most of the people are like this, Sadat and so on, that is why sarees are becoming like this because it is being said that this is normal, because whatever I am telling you, it is not considered normal because of the Guru Tattva. He is considered to be going, how can this lead happen? Good, people with Guru element will never get beaten in the money of Guru, because money bill always comes, you come with less ness and peace, the same money will come at any time, people will be jumping in between, okay this Guru. below the elements  Mercury people may be doing less, many of them may be bringing in money by jumping, but money is bill, always big wealth, bill is always there, you are people, have some peace on where face, you bill comes, you see warranty, this is Mukesh Ambani, it is okay, such yearning, yearning.  Gym will not be visible too much, there was such a yearning, that Mukesh ji's younger brother, see what happened then yearning, yearning, money was full, yearning was there, photo here, in film star life, need money, need peace.  Respect is needed and respect will also come only to the Guru. Big kings study only under the Guru. You must have seen that whatever Guru was a human being, he was of a different type at the time. When the time became cloudy, if he increased his element too much then his element got destroyed.  It has become a little too much, just thoughts which will make the element go down by doing its reverse actions, it will also happen, so it is not such a constant fix, brother, it has become so much like the weight goes up and down, the BP goes up and down, right.  Everything happens, everything gets spoiled, this also changes, sugar goes up and down, everything goes up, this is also the same, so if you do not have this athlete in your level of consciousness, then first reduce the yearning for anything, if anyone  You wish that I want this thing, then he has to take that thing, neither you want that thing nor that, it is okay, note down his constant on the story today, this is what people have shown, not you, this should be fashion, this should be yours. felt for your [ __ ]  We have kept it for you, you are not going to get anything in it, see that you will get the thing, sit peacefully, it will come on its own, I give the rate as my own example, whether you ever walk on the beach or in the desert, now you will pick up that rate, right?  If you pick up the sand, put it in your fist and tighten it, it will be difficult for your fingers to take it out. No matter how tight you tighten it and search for it, not even a single drop will fall into your hand. Keep it in me, not even a little bit falls, but you think that oh it will fly away, everything will end, you band like this, when you band, then see it starts getting removed from here, getting rid of the caste pressure.  If caste starts, then you have to do life like this, do it like this, dog, everything will be completely relaxed, you people see, there is a message, now major this element, give any figure in your life that mine is 20 out of 100, let it be a random figure, Shakti.  Because we do not have absolute figure, we have to increase relative figure, so if you are sitting at 20 or 30 and you want to go to 60, then you should see that I have a little patience, trust in people, trust above 100, 500, 1000, every man betrays me.  Every man is a giver. All men are born to be deceived. All are mine only to fool me. Remove this feeling. Remove the one who is deceiving you. Take it, give me a few thousand. I too am a man who is afraid of being cheated of Rs 3,000 or Rs 5,000 and then it becomes worth lakhs of crores. This is also a fact. Cheating of lakhs of crores does not happen on the first day. It is a process. Nothing should ever happen to you.  Accumulate happens, take it as your own because if the story of cheating is written, then brother, if it becomes 5000 then it is butter, isn't it okay? ₹ 5000 was very careful because your mind has gone, 500 1000 vegetable shop is okay.  I have bought this society, I have bought that, I will give not Rs. 200 but Rs. 150 for a hair cut, I will give this much to this tailor master, I will take a cat from a plumber, I will take a cat from a rickshaw puller, I will be very happy for everyone, so that I can find someone like this, both the big ones, text me on the right and something. Like we say something in English, but then again brother, when someone collides with a big man, then the whole minute is like this. From the story, then what happened to me, this happens a lot, awaken your guru element, all of you.  The message to everyone is please like, share and if you have not subscribed to the channel then subscribe and it is going to reach three lakhs. If it is not good at the time of the video, thank you.