Hello friends, today I want to give a message to all my subscribers through a big fan and a question so that they can understand. Please write below in the comment section. Even if you do not understand then write whenever we follow Acid.  How much has the price increased and how much will it cost? Real estate will do good, so first of all think that when we say real estate will do good, then think that it will do good for the builder, it will be good for the driver.  It will do good for the seller, it will embrace the buyer, it will do good for everyone, it will do it for the tenant, it will do it for the landlord, it will do it for the start channel, it will do good for the long-term holder, it could not have happened for everyone  Will someone do good for me? It's not possible. Okay, so responsibilities. Considerations and Considerations According to Gurgaon market, I want to tell you that a real estate has a plant, low rota, apartments have big gates.  The suicides are excited, there are followers inside it, they are like the Deendayal ones, only tempered glass is inside, then they put very big reminders, there are plants, then the Deendayal ones of plot confusion are the other ones, there are products of many shapes and sizes, but you have to see in this  If the beauty that is there in it is there and that should be maintained, then which things are not being shown right now or the price is still there, then if X plus Y Z plus Z plus I want To C is the question which I have explained to people many times. A golden equation of real estate, good access request applied in that formula, vice city construction cost builder, marginal cost of funds from which the value of C is derived, whatever product is made, tell me if the land  The price was stuck in this, there has been an increase in many such projects, there are good launches like this one where all the flats are being built, but the price of chopra and land is that in this case.  The price again is not effecting that the builder had parked the land in front of the brother, we have not subscribed the hotspot setting lottery, you have subscribed, the rate is 110020 on your own, if someone is making porn on the loop, then subscribe through that wherever you are in the projects.  In this way, subscribe to the house nearest to him that he has the interview juice below. Thanks, what is not left, this is a very good way for you guys to get the specific information if you want. Then I will do it and show you, first you guys can do it then tell me like if you want to do Shapoorji's then you can do it for BPTP, hold a cigarette, call, chat, do the potatoes well once, how many sizes of pots are there in the same size thing.  And put the equation and try to figure it out and then what should be the premium and valuation. I have made videos on that and in the future I will teach this thing from a better teacher Ajay, just in the month of May-June.  I am doing a lot of things like it is the holiday homework time, it is time for the children to show the answer to half of the people, a lot of things are left and I am showing platinum number one, if it can come in more detail in the class, then that too is yours.  I can tell things through small videos, but Chitra herself will tell you the homework, if you do it, then you will get fun, here I have made real videos, it is okay in the sun, subscribe also show that Akshay will show you. Saying a question, I don't show it well, only that much is shown, it is a movie, so it is a shot of a movie, what is there outside that, it is not known, okay, only this much is shown, so it can never be anything.  It cannot be done like this, there will always be layers in it and if you buy the property then it looks like a joke to itself. What are the patterns, what is the template, what is there to see, what is the calculation, what is the valuation, how to do it, for what, the flower is always there and the thing is always discussed.  can be done  But hard work has to be done from both the sides, only then the feeling is complete, my image is that I should make my audience number two in real estate so that you are left with no source of knowing anything from which you get to know everything.  A lot of awareness will be created about the robbers, new additions will be requested from us, please see the old ones also, but for now, I will get a little protection. Many people will think and say, Sir, he is special with so many ideas and so many topics that how can you shift backward.  Karna and topics are very much in the market like Lord of Years Dahan, whatever romance topic I bring becomes a topic for them and discussion on the same said, this is wrong, this is right that Bigg Boss is back to the factory, if it is like this, then it is ok because this is.  Have a great day do it means okay am setting android rest will give subscribe number one number one does that you should do something subscribe subscribe  That the show should have this thing, I tried to explain it in a simple way, it saves a lot of value and juice in many projects, please do your homework, it is very easy, the chances of Leyland are very big, you get to know it, put the 25 feet inside it, let me tell you.  Gave my stand clear. Good night. Okay builder, come with zero margin or I am making it myself. It is okay for me to earn not Rs. 1. Take the cost of fund along with the person. Calculate your cost and tell me whether mine is juice.  Where not and I will give this clarity on this by taking a live example. In the future, people will tell me how they liked the video. Please subscribe the channel on that side and continue in this journey of learning. Thank you very nice.