Hello friends, today's topic is how to make a craft, wealth, happiness in life. We get some messages on WhatsApp on which it is written that it would be great for you to forward this message to so many people, so I want to put this message in that category. I am this video, this video is my request which makes it effective to send to people, many people will do one. Before starting, I would like to tell in this video that I had made this video how to delete a Difficult for that at that time, my video was made two months ago, I got very positive feedback on it from people, that is why I am worried about making this video of mine, from my note, now I am extracting things from my pet consultancy for you guys.  For free of cost, do watch my video. People have given me feedback on it whether we have started having very good relations or whether it is so bitter or Twitter had an issue with Sita and it has been resolved, so I have mentioned some things in it. And now you watch our video, in this I will tell you five things, the first thing is my fan test, you have to do this paste on yourself once every week, fan test, pan test, so what you have to do in this is to put yourself in the camera for 1 hour. For this, you close the door, tell your family that I am doing some work for an hour, you are in your room and you are not supposed to keep your mobile with you, you are not supposed to watch any TV, you are not supposed to talk to anyone, you are not supposed to read any book.  There is no pen to write anything on.  Basically, you do n't have to do anything, you go out of the door, run through the window, you can see someone, you can see a fan, if you are bored of seeing a fan, then look at the door or look at the vest, but other than that, I don't see anything, I don't want to listen to any song. Someone informs you from within. You know yourself. Yes, it's okay. You don't have to eat anything. You don't have to go to the bathroom. I have to go to a far away place to see you for an hour. I've tried a lot of people in my house to try and try.  Note this policy so you can take any leave  You can choose one, you have to do this feather test, you have to do it on the 21st, if you mix it with regular restrictions, 1 hour on any day of the week, then you will release everything matching in your life. If not, then think of it as absurd. Is this the thing, I am not asking you to meditate or even to remember God, I am telling you something, you do not have to do anything, you can take the bank, you can do anything in this premises.  You can, you don't have to sleep, a lot of people do n't say, I just make you sit, I ca n't sleep, don't do that, then you guys, okay, then this and again and again, you don't even have to look at the time, time, you test this by giving you only time or  You have to see three times when you started, one person in between, see the times, we are not like that, you don't have to see many times every 2 minutes and you have to do 1 hour of end user license, many people say new definition of medical test, people are wrong.  I told you people say that Meditation is to control your thought, I want to tell you that you cannot control people properly, points are controlled by Bigg Boss, hence control is accurate, for how long will you control, then this note, there is no need to control and what is more important is you.  Should Not Be Controlled By Your Thoughts Put it on both channels Not Be Controlled Keep a separation between both the things that if you want to control your thoughts only, then you will go away from yourself, you will not know what you need lines for, so this is your first test, second thing where I will tell you what you have to do.  Diary has to be written daily and DSK has to be written in that company's team. It is very easy. It will take 1 to 2 minutes. In this you have to write some keywords at a particular time in the day like after eating food one hour before sleeping, after that there is peace.  You have to write 4 to 5 votes that how do you feel about that little thing, what are you feeling, as if you have to write, if you have any contentment or dissatisfaction about anything, are you satisfied with this answer, are you happy with this school?  You are falling green, you are feeling in English, you are feeling crushed, you are having low blood pressure, you are gassy, ​​there is some kind of planning and you are feeling proud, isn't it the happiness of something?  This is the side which we all know from the time option from the board, the one who is doing 10 minutes, four or five fits, this movement of writing is not about control, but in pimples and frustration, writing is like there was a fight with me today, like many people write diaries.  It is said that when people meet, you do not have to write a story about what happened, that reaction has no meaning, what are your feelings, write about you in that moment, hang and how your day went, that is defining.  It is thick and thick, it is okay that you have seen it like this, if it is different, then four to five to six words, basically one line words, you want to write or 120 English, you can see it, you can also see it on your phone by making mistakes in the pad.  Can that resides and has to be pressed and in this you have to answer a question, you have to write the slogan, the question is are you excited about you and so this is the question, you have to answer. You have to write in Yes and No and will give this sign for its survival. Excited foreigner is not accepted arrangement. You have to write in Surat Yes and No and keep looking at your life. Give it four days, it will become 5 days, 10 days for your three days. So 10-15 days, please tell me the number, we don't know how many people will really support you. When you start doing it, in the beginning you will not know what is happening. Yes, my, someone has created such a wonderful thing, that on its own.  You start understanding what else in our life you will get a gift Mike, I am saying that you just have to write whatever is there, you do not have to try to do anything that I have to write that hug and excited and happy and lemon like this. That's what you will do again, how are you feeling, Dipper, just start writing that again, magic will happen, the third thing that I would like to tell you is that the people who are the 25 people closest to you, okay, so they will juice in your manner.  These five people will define you as to who they are in your life, so out of compulsion you have to meet many people, many of them are workers, you have to talk to many different types of people on phone, but you want to connect with them in your mind.  I like the things about his skin, I would request that if you want to make me the fifth among those five, then you can make my videos of 5 to 10 minutes daily if you want to watch them, you are the best man among me.  get which  There are many people in the world, if you like their words then keep those people who are sidelined in your life. Don't keep those people around you who get you confused. Okay, so what did he tell you? Do n't do that now.  Fourth, what I would like to tell is that we are stronger than anyone else by relaxing in our life, we are not Nikhil, we are doing this and this in everything, so if you want to love then say no.  We are here to make you nervous and shy.  Nandu Se Note People Over Time Waste Vanshi Sucks Vs Ped Hoon Not Take Any Extent Of The Soil Or Her Talent Of The Roads But The Want You To Keep Automatic Data Without You Means The Have Formed Station Ka Ok So Such People You  You should have the courage to say no, you are not a fool in this and in this case you should abstain from it also. We buy many devices but do not seem to limit them.  If it is not even a percentage then that saree gives you a lot of devices, we should limit it, it does not happen that you have a pacer below, there are many people, every one of them should ask themselves and even five per cent of that, if they never want to own one in their life, then war should not be.  Any Benefits You should understand that if you get 86 thousand ₹ 400 in the morning, it is okay and someone took 500 from you, someone took 5,000 from you, someone got 10,000, then what will you give?  Asking for four, someone is giving, I am just this money, if someone takes it, then you will earn more or it will go away. There are 86400 settings which we get every day in the morning when we wake up, we give them 12424 Made Tasty 60. This is a second, how are everyone showing off who is taking a few seconds, then if the employee is taking a few seconds because he has to pay you, then it is a compulsion, it is your quality of life that attracts marriage. How much are you getting stuck in the traffic, in which job are you getting promotion and who is yours? You can relax, some have the same rights on 40-50,000, some keep it well and the remaining 20,000 are given to you to spend on food and gold, some a little.  Time is running out, you have to calculate that too if someone else makes a different decision like let's go to a party today, let's go to his house and let's have fun, he will let you see how much he is enjoying that joke. It is sustainable and if you are playing a game in your life, then I will make you serious about it. If you like this video, then I will slowly make videos of 5, 10, 12 minutes in which I will tell you time job things and what to do.  Would love to drool, I have told many people things to whom they will beat, their numbers are not very high, it is in the middle of 2030 but there is a lot of positive feedback, so this is the thing, tell me, you will do it.  Give feedback or if you have not subscribed to the channel then please subscribe. Thank you.