Hello friends, test idea is important in your property purchase decision, I have come up with it and the best tablet providing road, the country is applicable, for simplicity, we will give equities to all, however, when I reduce my, I remain sky completed version which I  Now I will not tell you in this video Bigg Boss, the weightage of each factor should be different, I will give some nuts in it, there are 10 factors, you can give 10 marks to each one. 10 * 10 only contract that total marks you can give from that I will review its property will be for platinum numbers for my subscribers because that price history becomes the case so it will be from the egg so the topic is that thing which is  What is important to you today, if not the property, then the first comment is this brand which you are buying, what is the brand of it, then brother, if you give the number from Hansmukh, then for example, if you are a listed player.  Even if she is there, her marks will be higher, depending on how much she is, you can give her marks up to nine to ten. If you are not a list player, it is less than that, but if you are a non-player, then you can do it as per your own, I have my own formula, my daughter, whatever difference is different, but I He is not doing his duty, it will be completed, it will be very mathematical and it is okay to explain it, but I am a simple stick for you people, a simple stick, when you understand it, it will become easier for you to take decisions when you buy this car.  Picking up different products and roaming around, today I am the one who is giving that template, my wife and you both together can give your numbers, in this way I am helping. Brand is the worst thing today, which is very important, who is the player?  Builder phone if its brand category specific in this location map online real estate its location city location important which city chosen which location within the city 26 locations  Is it or that location will become very established tomorrow, will become bigger than established or is it a second-third level location but if you do your work, then you have to give that location. The third thing is important. People do not give any value to it but my speed is on the third number.  There is expenditure, all that stuff is going, it is not that the value of the third one is less than this, I am going like an order. Okay, so the site is on the left side of Leon Pooja Bhatt.  The shape is rectangular, it has a friend, it is digital or like burnt bread on a Ducati or some program of it, I don't know how is the site loot, it is important, what touch images are needed from the project, it is important, ok, site leaders are important  The fourth thing comes from the density of the project. This is a very important pick. How many slides are there in the clicker? How many units are there in the campus. Otherwise, you will never be able to walk that which you I am giving a template on this by taking 10 answers, you can compare them by taking the answers, do not make the vehicles on low, how much power is there, how much talk is there, is it KPL, how does it mean, does it have seating capacity, what are the features of this vaccine, it is done on the programme. Mobile is also done in a similar manner, how much RAM do you have, how much memory is it, how much is the megapixels, what is the size, screen size, 10 such parameters, while I am the real estate alarm for you, so first of all I have told you the brand seconds.  Location third is the site layout for this dusty fee the unit you are buying which you are buying an inverter how is its link it is very important that it is getting sunlight is in the corner is in the middle is it open from these sides or one  It is open from only one side, from two sides there will be a builder floor, from the left side it is open from the back, if it is not open from the front, then there will be washing, so all that is important is how it is, which side you are on, well, something edition, I made the video only in my office.  make If you want to understand things at a deeper level, then the deficiency in unit loot is that every square foot of space is being used either for furniture.  He is linking up the rest of the things in the same design which means keep the gallery gallery clean. It is okay and there is space and space in it. That is not much. I have seen 40 to 80 builders.  Square feet are muted like this just because look at the design of these products, even in cases of it being a class, it becomes forced, so that is very important because every square feet, so gift is fine, we bought the unit, after that, it is very important in the project.  That's what kind of stock you are getting pin club house how is all the minutes how is this after that type of construction ko so PM van construction is non veg construction  This is the old one, this is good, this is the bag, box, oil, this is the box, it is okay, this is the type, that is very important, okay, then comes the next point, the payment plan is that what you are getting is how much of the bank.  Is it okay, are you comfortable with his payment plan, what happens at times at the treatment plant, everything is understood and it seems like money is being asked for, you can't see hmm times money is being asked for, you can  Edit it is easier for you planets that aapke to yaar hi leta hoon to their height increase by something set comes down payment plan will be this updater urilizer today which marketing is going on this is really for custom payment processes of wine which see who has full in the bank  If there is money then he will throw full tantrums on other things saying that this is not right, that is not right but what happens in the payment plan is that sometimes you cannot buy that thing and can buy this and not buying something is better than buying something.  It is better to buy in the bullish market, people's payment days drag on in the red, NDA payment plan, now these days it is from the builder side, Vikram Dabi has taken the subject of Pandit Shop Control website, which has been taken for length, now it is visible from that side. As much density as you can choose in Puri, again you get the kind, they will take out the whole day, nothing can be done about them, if you buy them side, then you can't do anything about the location, builder, look at the powder of the builder, as it is his brand, it is his brand, nothing can be done about it, ok.  Have a minute, he can give as much as he can in that project, he will not reduce more than that, he will have to give with his own money, so the only thing is in the hands of the builder who can use him the most for marketing, this is the payment.  Plan after waking up in the morning payment plan judge kamini law is important so this is something which you want to bring and ok 90 this is very important don't take it class12 take it natural it is very important gentry in that project  Which investor will be the one who is taking up the whole project? Well then different types of tenants will come and the end user will get more songs like Sun Sun, many projects like only Hawabaazi, it is Greater Noida, the whole urban Hawa ji's bus.  And the industry has come and will come and the person to whom he is big and big has done so, now whatever class, social class, economic status he used to belong to, some people of different economic status are living there in the toe read of the border city.  And work for this effect, if you identify with this point, then come to the relevant and comment section, point number nine, read number, because there is nothing, the eyes surrounded by you, I told you, but point number nine is that who will remain the gentry, you should also think for a few days.  They will bump into you in the basement, they will bump into you in the car parking, they will bump into you while jogging, they will bump into you while working, they will bump into you in the lobby, they will bump into you, you have to stay with them, there inside the RWA  And the same people will be there to give money and not for maintenance. Which social status mental Raghu Dixit's people live in is important and very important. If youngsters have entered into a society where only uncle ji and aunty ji live, then it is not possible for them to feel comfortable.  Maybe those people don't want the thing that they want, this makes them feel down and are sitting in W, then no one thinks about this point. When I do a review, I definitely think that this one is good for this. One is good for them, that is good for them and nowadays the product is also like this, it is good, so it is believed that the status is here and it is likely to be a good by property and distance and I am also slightly lower one status from this thank you.  Can extend the society Cardamom truth Will you sell again Revenue land up in GST Registration cost Progress cost for selling home Today it will not happen That would be a mistake Took sugar, did not like selling again  It is not like this, its feet cost is very high, it is like bangles, jewelery is now on gold on Wednesday, it may be bold of 60,000 but you have given one and a half and half of the making charge to you, so you have to study and 62,63 thousand rupees, then you  That's it, brother, change it, if you go to change then it will be tied according to the horse worth Rs 5,000 and even if you say Rs 55,000, then  You are also at a loss because you had to go to the council, so people have to pay a lot of attention to this thing so that the women from whom the project and last but not the least one thing which is land in Gujarat price sense, God has heard everything, seen everything but finally  Price will decide the beneficial maximum British You to buy something which has value for money You to buy something is a good project A good price that steel price will not be found in a bullish market Sesame price wali  It is not necessary that the thing which is expensive is good, it is not value for money and is not true but the thing which you are finding as per its strength is giving independent noise inside it. Things you're shooting at me That'll turn the matter Now we're something amis willing to strike How can this be How should he strike you again and again He's not striking you 1132 of her  If you are getting throat then how are you getting it, meaning here is the rate, she is queen like this, it is applied, it means there is no certificate, if the application is registered in RERA, then they would have written the register, not written the certificate, it is a scandal on their feet, the title is not clear, their money is yours.  A healthy person can sink at any time. Remember this saying in investment: When something is too good to be true, it is not true if interested for the benefit of all. It's something science too good to be true so it is not so this thing always carry a waterman I hope liquid template will help you I will review using this template you can also make your own private then in that I will tell how many marks in line by  How many are in this range? Good bye. How many in this range can buy? And if the number is below how many then don't buy. I will make it very simple, scientific like this.  How is it good? Will you tell us all the 6 templates? Is everyone given a number? Is everyone given a number? Is the price also given? So if the brand is fine, the location is fine, the minutes are fine, the construction is of S block type, it is mine and not there, it is something else.  There is something else, there is something else, three times is too big to make the number normal, now I have set the alarm in it, Vestige, I will shift my completed American in a different way, okay, I will complain to the platinum members.  How to do that template excel is ok but I don't want to do even normal routines ok then you will know in which project in which thing when Bigg Boss tight when I do speed consultation they charge money  When Anuj leaves, I first decide the point from the daughter of the person sitting in front, because when the location message brand comes, I see this thing, then I tweet that, brother, nowadays everything can be done on the computer.  Yes, you go for you, many people are very price conscious that for them price is everything, many welcome promises, location, I don't even care about the brand, I have so much money, I want 3BHK because only one of my parents will live with me.  That I am left with my wife, the children will stay there and I have money for that, the most important thing will be the test price, so this is the 18th day, the food was ready by 8:00 How much salt is to be added, how much is to be added to the vegetable, how much is this, 891 meaning, it is written that you can do the dad graph of two grams like this, but as you practice, you will become a master artist on the side, that although I have made the template  It is written in it - 10 grams of salt and 2.5 grams of chilli and by reading this plate you can do it, so you can go to that level from that's why, if you want to do something in real estate, then it is good.  If you can divert some of your salary money then platinum membership on those dhaha points is ok then you share this video with people Admin did not subscribe this channel request an end please like the video moral increases This template extend is given in a way  You should note down 10 things and now compare each one on this basis and from your side, everybody is wise enough to give marks.  Been known to have to win apps that your 17th is excellent but when it is and relative any complaint then when you start giving on your own you will see the brochure man its level seems fine we have to give it a number we friend this brand is good give it a number  You go to this friend, this location is looking very good, I gave you the school number at 90 on 10th meter road, here you do it like this and start giving it.  After that, when I explain it without teaching you a little, it will keep getting refined, but since you are roaming around with a template, it means I am giving you a map, now you don't know where to go, even I do n't know where you will reach or have to go somewhere.  You want good, brother, what is your definition of good? You decide, your definition of good is different, everyone wants the best, but what is the best, the best in the price, the best in the minutes, the best in the brand, the best in the votes, because all the things will be found best because.  Sorry, if the thing is based on jobs, then the price will be thick, then the price will not be the best, okay, then these 10 things which are this praise, 10 out of 10 should be the best, no perfect pass unites with such a project exhibition page, but a quick man is not Krishna.  It does, but these are our parameters, what is your weightage in this, your orientation, which one goes, he will decide whether you have come to me, keep it successful, if I am successful, then please write successful, then write it completely. I would love to write about the success of giving, 2030 looks successful, doesn't it? In the comment section, if you feel like this, then we should give a little thank you for 2030.