Hello friends, today's topic is which many parents ask or even they also ask about the use of social media. There are a lot of discussions on what should be done when children are busy in mobile phones. I am taking my take.  I have come to tell you how you should approach it, how much do you enjoy it, tell me, listen till the end, tell your children also about the things, if they understand, then delete it, this is like rejecting something completely, saying this  Giving is bad and using anything can be bad. Doing too much exercise, eating too much food, doing anything too much is bad, so first of all let me tell you one thing, I always told in many of my videos that you can never change things within you.  It becomes very difficult for you to achieve any change in something which you cannot measure. For example, if you want to use weight, then first of all you will have to see how much weight it has, so you will have to monitor it.  If you want to build your network, you will have to calculate how much money is there in the bank account. You all will have to monitor it because we cannot improve on those things which we do not monitor. So, first of all, you are giving us the mechanism of all the apps.  Have you used all those technologies or you can make your own notes anyway, make your own notes, your husband's or points, if there is husband's husband, then white's and children's, that is the limit. As much as there is staff with what the where are Ashwin also surprise to make sure you have to be who is the real web portal or consuming idle that acting is nothing to do then it is a good thing in that sense it is not a bad thing you  Can consume lot of good content which will improve some very quite or some water works mid person and this is how someone kept liquid and saw real changes one after the other  If you were going to watch exact comedy, then stop watching how many folders, keep the quality low and if you want to watch comedy content too, then follow only those 245 cricket tests that you like, because there is so much of this kind of word content.  That time is the best, the best advisor for the children, the wife and children are doing something on the phone, you do n't have to say anything, you have to say, send the TV with it, two Tests and two T20s have arrived. With this document you have to do this, in which even the children will think that let's see and you will say to them that actually the LED screen is less strain on the eyes than the vegetable one, it is more strain than the mobile, even if it is small, this pilot is also more.  That LED is still okay for the eyes, you click on it and watch it. Now if you are watching this video, then fenugreek heavit and cigarette, another one thing you can do is that whenever you do the content practice test that you  what one  There is a book, keep a notebook, you can make notes in it, you can make notes of such content, you are doing gym tomorrow, of which you want to make notes, improve to values ​​are being added, give a job, tweet less, something academic and tourism, something article, planets, very good, so these things anyway.  You won't be able to do it for a long time because while zooming in Leslieganj it seems like notes are being made, neither is the brain involved nor you have to think, so inside that, you don't need to use any brain.  That's why its quality becomes very high, then my dad is very happy with the thoughtful content for watching. You have to consume it mindfully from any content creator. If you are getting to know something about the fans from it, the real estate is getting to know about your pen.  If you are getting to know about the points going on in your life, then it is useful for you and if you note down the useful content every day, you will make notes like this, in rural time, you will release it in two months. I follow these channels, in this one, this one has more value added, it does not have velvet in it, so start watching it less, then who is the real one, only you approach, approach the children like this, and there are some things like 23 and  If you do it scientifically because it was created to infuse power into the lives of others, then it became very popular by tightening the basic human settings, but now it is no longer going on like this, but you can definitely turn off Instagram.  It is a folded thing, according to me, it is fine because inside it is denim, it is fine, it means to show your photo, to exhibit it, you have shown it like this, now she has gone to the program like that, oh then you are my army and I follow you so much.  By following him, no one is adding velvet to anyone's life, but if you are adding any value to him, then tell me, if the creator is good, then follow him, I will keep his butt.  Every time you consume the minutes of something you see what was till take off the way not appear in your life which can improve your life time pass I need my oriental relaxation also has to be done there is a lot of stress that my brothers this  But this is simply because we do not know the useful things. We should find out the useful things and take greater value in life and then we will get freedom from the space we are giving. You will proceed on the basis that I am stuck in a mess where I get support, so instead of being unwound here, I have to learn something more which I can apply in life and get free from these other colleges. You will approach like this and tell the children also like this.  Is it a useful thing to tell the child outside, whatever? Show the hour, what have you learned, show your diary, there should be eight diaries of all four in the family, if there are four, then the children are two elders, whatever they consume and change their notes, tell me, I am not the only one.  I am confirming the content, I am doing it, you are doing it, so tell me what did you learn, I will tell you, good in section 24 also, you get income tax rebate of Rs 2 lakh, good, you can rollover the interest for eight years, good of one K.  2 lakhs in one name or if there is a joint property then it can be in the names of two people. The property can be bought from the share market. It is such a good thing for children. This is a useful thing. Look at the demat account.  Banks can be opened, maybe from, maybe, I have another request from you people, 11 tips for youth for war, I have created a channel in it, I will keep bringing similar things and useful things which will be slightly different genres which I have done earlier.  It is not yet on the channel because the comment box increases, the doors of the channel increase, if you put everything in it, then whatever is here will continue like this, but she is a woman, interesting, the name is Clarity for Youth, this is the end of the channel.  Please request to subscribe and this is a channel, you will type charity purchase, otherwise it is shown like this, otherwise this is Clarity of Tube channel, it has just been launched, so it has been four days, it is very early stage, some good videos have been released on it, you  You will definitely see the end in the similar content that I will keep bringing here and there, taking a little bit of you separately, the topic of clarity and two wars will be in the best form in that too, my request is to him.  Just like you people have given blessings and friction on this channel, in the same way, if he passes, I would like to thank you very much for that.