Hello friends, today's topic is Ho Tu Remove Confusion in Decision Making, there is only one confusion, its cause will be discussed today because I am a consultant, I see this pattern as standard almost in every second consultation, so I am extracting this thing from my own syllabus.  This is going to be a very good video from pet consultation, you should see if you identify with it. If you identify then please write the ID.  Friend, this is exactly like this, whenever there is any decision making, the question comes, you are very confused, you can be a man, you can be a woman, you can be anyone, brother, you are confused, there is a basic reason for it, see, is that the reason?  It is because of that reason, when you know about it, then the confusion will be removed and you can take the decision. Before telling that reason, I would like to tell you some basics of decision making which help us in the situation.  First of all, this has come to select the job, then after asking the face, selecting the marriage, which boy or girl to marry, the third major decision making is to select the house, buying a house for yourself because which one should I buy, after that come small diseases like car.  Buying then buying mobile under the news, you will not discuss them, we will talk about the top three, what is the problem, why the decision is not being taken, like if it is a matter of job, then what is the basic problem in it?  What should I do? This is a choice. This is the problem that you think that you have an entitlement. You have a choice. This is the truth of life. You do not have a choice. Should I do business or do a job? Do you have a job?  You are not giving, no, you have built a business and it is running. You do not have a choice. The choice comes when you ask whether I should eat Rasgulla or Gulab Jamun when both are available to you. You can pick one of the two in front of you and put it in your mouth, then you have to ask, neither is there Rasgulla in front of you, nor is there Gulab Jamun in front of you, and you are asking whether I should eat Gulab Jamun or Rasool Allah, which one am I from, if Imarti is available?  Is Jalebi available? Take anything. Brother, where is the choice? What is the problem? What is the lack of decision making? A human being is not situationally aware of his circumstances. 23 24  In a year, some girl rejected some kind of boy, time has gone ahead, now within 27 years, the one who was left, has done a lower standard of honey work and you don't realize that brother, your age has just passed, now you  It's not going the way you thought or you don't know what you will become in life, you haven't become that, now you will get the same and you have settled the confusion, this is only this and by applying the example with the house, I am completely happy with it.  I am sure that this is how it happens with the house too. In two years, the property has been taken care of. You were sitting dead with crores of rupees. Two and a half years ago, something like this used to come in crores of rupees. Now it comes in crores of rupees like this, now you  If you do n't want to release it or don't want to settle for it and you don't have a million or two crore rupees, then the problem in all three cases and in the confusion in every decision making is that the status and desires, aspirations and  When there is a difference in the difference of reality, then there is confusion, the heart says that brother, I want this and it is not possible because it is only 2 * 3 = 6, if it is not added up, then this is when the gap arises.  So many of us call it confusion, it is not confusion, it is reality and when the consultation is late and there is some empty-nest consultant or someone like me or who is there all the time.  In the consultation which lasts for 1 hour, the client is made to realize this difference. Can you take someone from this level to this level in one consultation? Ca n't you take someone if the budget is Rs 1 crore, then the budget is Rs 1 crore. No man can make Pawn 2 Crores by magic, he can tell you the best thing within ₹ 1 Crore, time and situation, he can tell you the best solution, but he cannot make Pawn 2 from one, but he can make Pawn 2 from one.  I realize that I have been following Shruti for 2 years, I did not take such a decision because I was not able to understand, I was wondering where are those boys running, where are those boys running today, so good today, we will meet more tomorrow, okay, I will take this.  You have to take that job when you are not getting any job. You are not in your hands. You are also a lover and a bagger's note. There is a saying that you should have got hold of someone and then if you got a good one then you would have gone to a better one. If you had got a better one then you would have got that one.  and good backward In the beginning, people make such demanding programs, this is a half of stress, another problem of people will come that you are not interested in me, that is, they are not interested in things, then that is again the cause of confusion, you are interested in every thing in life.  No, it is not necessary that you will not have to do that thing, you will have to do it and it is not necessary that you have interest in the thing, is there any benefit in it or can you monetize it? Mother, you have a lot of interest in singing, okay?  But there is no quality in your singing, I will not give the money for it, so you tell me my passion is, I am interested in singing, I am interested in playing the guitar, brother, do whatever you want, I am interested in let it rain like an interest.  And you start earning and start doing other things in life and keep your interest alive for time pass but you say that whatever is my interest, I have to make it my livelihood, then that is his skill.  The value of the set should be there, this is the problem, people say that parents do not allow it, too much villain has been painted, in this thing the payments do not matter, what do you reduce, you can make the money work for a long time, a decent amount of money.  Money which in today's world is considered to be Rs 50,000 for a starting child, if a middle class child is starting with Rs 50 then it is good, if lakh is working then it is very good if you give it to your parents.  You can show something between ₹ 50000 or lakhs that brother, I don't know this, I do n't care about the parents, I don't know what this brother does, lakhs of rupees work is late, okay today lakhs of work is late, tomorrow more work is required than us.  He is not taking anything, his habits are fine, his routine is fine, the whole thing is going well, so the parents give him OK. The problem is that we live in a child-bearing world, what the parents suggest is not for them to do, what they have to do themselves.  I don't know whether I am in the dream world and in life I wake up at 10:00 in the morning at 9:00 and nothing is happening, the life story is also not moving forward, so I just listened to a parent that I have nothing to do.  Ka and I am waiting I am waiting 21 to 22-22 to 24 24 to 26 to 26 to 27 And then you are not even getting anything Then you say I am very  I am confused, you are confused because when any person is confused then only 99% of his reason is relief that there is a gap between what he wants and what he can actually do. If today you people have got Eureka on this matter then  Please type Eureka and or I am ok, it was fun or id if you because this is a very big minister I am teaching, I am teaching formula only, look at any situation when you are not able to take a decision.  You can take other wise decisions, do you have food in front of you, do you want to take curd or buttermilk or any other choice, you people can take it and do it. If it is an easy problem, then the problem has also come, mostly the problem has come only when  You want something more and it seems that I am sitting with so much money or this body and status, I do n't know if I can find a girl, when this happens, don't let me know, only confusion comes.  When you know that you have ₹ 1 crore, you are roaming around in the lake, then you are very clear about the real estate market of Gurgaon, that I will get only this product in this and nothing else, now how much should I visit Gurgaon to get my one crore.  I will get this if I like it then brother Pon it is two crores if I like it then it is two crores if I like it very much then it is 3 crores either I take work for 3 crores and till the time I wait to earn 3 crores They  The old thing will again cost five and the one which was available for only one, will also cost two. In such a case also there is Chhath Jati. Many times I tell people that if you are watching the rate of gold and you go to the shop. Yes, and you bought a set worth Rs 500, you didn't have money, you did n't like the design, you didn't like the design, I liked the toll one, I liked the 3:30 one, please buy that because the asset class has gone up.  All that remains is that you took something and did not take anything.  Say So Never Good is the Enemy of Butter in Other Situations If Something Butter is Happening in Your Life in Other Situations This is a great lesson that if anything butter is happening in your life then do not leave this butter in the name of good.  No no, I want Guddi, I have to do Guddi, this is this, I am here right now, I am going here, not this, I want Guddi, so this is also the problem that when this decision is taken. In making, you should see that whatever is your current status, by taking the decision, are you improving any situation? I agree that every person wants the best from every decision to improve the situation, but in some decisions, here I was.  So every person wants to get the maximum increase, but it is not necessary that it should happen every time. If you are easily getting this one, then you please agree on it, it should be anything.  Be it a job, your house, be an asset of your family and in these cases of selecting a spouse also you have to be very very pragmatic brother, how are you and what is the maximum that someone like you can get in the market and have a little lock in everything. That flavor is also needed and it happens, but if you do not take the decision then you can never be ever great lucky, also forgetting that you are lucky, you got a good job or you got a good girl or you got a good boy.  Went home good, got a good deal, even to be lucky one has to take a decision, that is not a decision but a person's decision, turning late while doing king is relief.  I am not going to get even because he has neither taken any decision nor has he given any story nor has he invested any money on any horse nor has he done anything because he wanted to put it on the best but could not find the best and his take time out  Remember in Gaya life, the question paper of Life is like date exam is fine, here the teacher i.e. God came after 3 hours and took your paper. Those 3 hours are 70-80 years of people's life but that paper will be taken from you.  Later you will not be able to write and you will not eat sleep like this, I have to write, I have to write, I had given you time, everyone has time to write, right brother, you will get 15 minutes to read the paper, you will have to write your name.  You have to write the roll number, start the paper, start everyone's paper, write yours, no, there is three hours time, no, you tell me, I used to know the answers very well, I was thinking of writing very well, oh brother, you have to write at this time only, people say.  This is the benchmark, it is it, it is a marker that now you are 24 years old, you should do so much, now you are 30, now you are 35, we are 40, if this does not happen then life  I won't even be able to live the story. You are driving. Tell me, speed is just a number. There is money in the bank. Money in the bank is just a number. Everything is a number. But understand the significance of the number. When you drive, you should be aware.  It is running at 80, it is running at 125, it is running at 140, how many seats are the remaining vehicles running, how is the road, an accident may or may not happen, I am not going very fast because  Nowadays, there are so many expensive cars that you don't know how much speed they will go while sitting. This is the feeling that if you tell them how you were before, how much study you did and how many marks you got after studying, then it is very important if you have very little study.  Kari, your learning skills are very good, yet your marks are decent. It shows you that you can achieve a lot in life. You have brains. How will you know the caliber of your child? How many marks do you get?  How much interest is there to learn, how much does it cost when you relate those three things, you have come to know, so I hope you guys have got clarity in this decision making thing. Please share. Not subscribed to the video channel yet. So do it and there will be a subscribe group in the comment area, you can join it. I am also starting a form of workshop to learn these things in the settle way, Mahim on Saturday. There will be a syllabus type in it.  The topics will all be related and you will get to do all these things because no one is doing this, no one studies in college, no book has to be written on this, no practical work is done on this, whatever small knowledge is of foreigners, it is used in Indian color in Indian setup.  Not only this, there are YouTubers who read the book and explain it in such a way as if there is a very quiz, they also have a lot of subscribers, I am taking their example and if I am criticizing anyone then that too.  Mother, yes, I am doing it, it's okay, brother, you get up and read the page by cutting, copying and pasting any page, I do n't do it at all like this, whatever my thing is IT work in Indian real life and it is IT, I come through observation and experience and  Consultation and real problems of IT: Do it, yes, do this, increase productivity, do this, do that, there is no shortage of ways to increase productivity, it is necessary to increase the productivity of those who have less.  There is so much time, here in India there is less meaning and there is so much time, what to do, whatever knowledge you are listening to, till now you are watching the knowledge, then tell me, do n't you tell me the complete original knowledge, that too is theft.  By telling that also, through this book, I am telling you that there is no book to be written in India, no one has written a book in India, look at all these things, foreigners have to write, their color and system is different and they also have this knowledge.  years 30 years 40 years 50 years  This chapter is just like 50 years ago, so it is practical. If you want to learn something genuinely then please join and attend the workshops and you get the bill. The knowledge which is not implemented the next day or is not implemented in this second has no value.  So today I will do sunrise with only one thing that there is a difference, this is the confusion, this is the status and you are not able to tell yourself and go to someone else.  You give him money and he shows you the reality, you see the mirror, then you also go to your mother, then your decision making happens, then you directly bring it here, bring it here and make it a little bigger and your decision making happens.  Caste is the only difference, this is the knowledge that bring this thing here, do a little of this thing here because this thing cannot be done so high so quickly, power, this can be done a little, this can be brought and your decision is made  This is real life work thank you very match