Hello friends, this is going to be a very interesting topic. You can buy a home in your 20s and if you don't have money. Look, if you have money then you can buy something with money. This is an interesting topic. This is not a clickbait. This is a promise because it happens many times. Even if I go and leave, I should tell you in advance, otherwise it is okay, it is very important to listen very carefully, even if it is a little long, only then you will understand, it is okay because brother, save money, wish to invest.  Increasing this is not an easy thing, okay, so please listen carefully, I repeat the topic again, you are in your 20s, now you are in your 20s, then see if you had taken it, it will also work and if your children are in their early 20s, see then and if your children are in their 20s.  We are going to come in four-five-six years, let's see, okay, this is an application for many people, okay, so first of all, before can you do, the question that will be asked is should you do?  If yes, then we will discuss how to do it. It is important to remember anything in life. Now before A, there is one more thing that the world is teaching, brother, you should not, so first we will address that you should not, then we will address that and  Then we will address Ho, okay now financial influence, you will see on YouTube that even big people have started making small videos on real estate because to me, they feel like raining frogs.  The trend of mine is visible because now I am also in the eyes. I have never seen equity as bad or real estate is good. Real estate is bad and equity has never happened. I have always said to a Haryana girl that my brother should ask for Gulab Jamun.  If it is good or kheer is good then brother, you have only one bowl, we have to eat both, it is okay, then why is this accepted and why is it made laptop? The reason is that brother, if there is no money, then how will he buy one? Region is the second money which is a little bit if  If the war buys into it, then brother, then she will become your Amy. If you are given the money, then your expenses in capitalism, buying mobile phones, buying this, this will not shoot, right? If you are a 25 year old and we are capital in this world.  It is run by Illuminati, whoever runs it, it suits them that you take credit cards, take short term loans, take consumer items, you will enjoy this, there is benefit in that too, but in a house, there are people, there is only one house.  There will be no benefit in the particular sector or things will become tight in other things, then it is said that brother, if you sip this then 2005 year's bus Pakistan care of nothing, don't watch it, I have made a video on this too on my Clarity for You channel.  You see, there is a lot of finance related talk on it, but if you have not subscribed, then do it because it is a buffet on this one, everything is there, there are specialist things on it, okay, it is a small channel, I have a link to it.  I will give the comment section description, there is one place after doing both Janakpuri, Delhi people know everything, many people know that in Janakpuri, I have come from Main Lo DDA flat in 1980 for ₹ 300000. Yes brother, its rental is 150% today.  It's a flat worth Rs 3 lakhs, it gives a yearly rent of just Rs 4 lakhs, you can figure out that it costs Rs 36-37000 per month, it's okay, that much.  Long doesn't matter to you, no rental, so why its price today brother, I had invested 3 lakhs, when you calculate my returns in the stock market, you calculate on the money I invested, what does it have to do with its value, if not  I bought a stock NHPC ok I bought it at ₹ 12 if I take it it is ₹ 40 then its divide is close to 6% 20% from late today so I bought it at ₹ 12  I will calculate it, why are you forcefully calculating me at 40, all these are gimmicks, it is magic, how much money you have invested, it will always be done to you like this, second, it is very easy for the youth too, so it seems like buying a house.  I have to climb Mount Everest, how will I take a loan, I can't take a loan because I have yet to reach there, right now this brother is talking about the note, then we will talk about it, okay, so we will calculate it like this and tell you. Realistically, we will take 10-12%, we will always keep it the same, never think that once we came at 6:30, then Ukraine and this is over, then okay, then it will reduce further. This old thing will tell you that it is okay about inflation.  I will not tell you if inflation is only 9% in North India because it is less in South India because ports are located there. Average inflation is shown as 7%. North India's government debt is 9 because there are trucks here.  A thing becomes more expensive to buy, so if I am getting a loan at a rate less than the inflation rate, then brother, it is being done since then, you understand my point, this is one thing, now I will tell you why you should take it.  That's why it is necessary that if you buy the real estate cycle now for 20 rupees, you will not be able to buy it and why are you not taking it, because the biggest reason for this is your father's status, it is fine, he is middle class, whatever it is, father's. man lo status hai hai  So you also do psychological Adam that at the age of 20, our status is also the same and whatever house and setting is the society locality, we will take it only in its equivalent or butter because we are father's children, we are ready to take any product here.  This is not the only thing and we cannot have these products, the biggest problem is this second thing, if you do not own your house, then you will have to do things like frequently shifting or moving out, installing a chimney, fitting a dishwasher, fitting a washing machine, painting.  To fit, to put a photo, then to fix the curtains, to sleep, to sleep, sometimes to see the curtains in his house, the window was 9 feet wide in his opinion, now it was 8.5 feet wide, sometimes he would have read it, always in trouble, rolling stones, gather noms, which are government employees, whom they roamed around in.  That's what they have to do, so they never become rich anyway. Well, they keep doing it. That's what I always say and I will make it in the video that brother, only lower class people are the poor people from below. They should go for government jobs. For them, middle class has been created, they will not get rich, they will go down but that will be a separate topic of discussion. Let's read the speech today. Well, marriages are not happening these days if the boy does not have his own separate house.  This is a fact, in a particular section of the middle class, is there a need for a separate setup within it? The older boys are finding this reverse dowry system type and this phenomenon is also playing out in China.  It's okay, you played out too much and then the boys whose parents have given them some place get married, you can cry because of this, why is this happening, it is dirty, useless, greedy, if you want to get married then you have to do it. This should be done in 2016-17. Open Defecation Free Drive was run in Haryana, which was run by the government and for the government. There was a slogan in it, Jis Ghar Mein Toilet Nahi Laado Nahi Shaadi Karige Laado Mein Daughter Will Not Go In A House Which Will not have a toilet vote means whatever is happening but telling that there is a need for a commitment in buying a house. In early 20's you cannot leave the job because the man has been in the job for only 2-4-5 years.  It starts ripening in 12 13 14 15 years. There is a fact that it is okay because it is being released, it is not growing, is the juice coming out or is it not happening? 35 36 That figure of 36 which I told. Tell me the figure of 36. I teach the figure of 36 many times in astrology. After that, a little realization comes that something else can be done. Then you people take home loan because in the beginning you did not take it because you are playing like this in your 20s. The Bhoomi Bhoomi is playing, the life is enjoying, then brother, then no younger, then the children grow up and then life comes to an end, the sooner you do this, the sooner you will move towards achieving financial freedom. This is a fact, now many people will say in this, then in which city I kharidun, how kharidun, this is also a mind set problem block, sometimes I went to Bengaluru, then it changed to Pune, sometimes it became Hyderabad, sometimes Delhi, sometimes you know any other city, add Visakhapatnam, Calcutta.  Visit one or two foreign countries every year. It is possible that this traveling is fine, but brother, you know in which city you get the cultural ideas closest to you in the big city.  If you are North Indian, then Delhi is NCR. If you are South Indian, then your coaching may be in Bengaluru, Madras, Hyderabad. If it is a little on this side, then Ahmedabad or Pune may be the best. You can stick to the top 12 which is nearest to you, there you can get the best coaching from a good builder. Take it because whatever capital appreciation comes from it will increase your net worth and along with the capital appreciation, the rental yield that will come to you is yours. If you have to pay rent somewhere else, comment on it.  Related, she will do it plus you can take your green there, you can take it here according to tax, you have taken a joint account with your wife, you will not have to apply for her tax and both can also avail the benefits of home loan, the interest rate is fine.  Now let's discuss that brother, if there is no money, then how to buy? If there is no money, then how to buy, let's discuss that also. Okay, now what can be the meaning of no money, if you want something worth 40-50 lakhs, then there is no money, that means not 50 lakhs.  is its  This does not mean that even ₹ 50 is not worth it, okay now it is not even ₹ 50 and it will be difficult to buy something worth 50 lakhs, but you have to buy something worth 50 lakhs. Earlier, I had told you in the beginning that mentally people think of entitlements like father's.  Pass man, take the car, the car is  Will not be purchased, then I will go in overalls. Now if you want one, you can start with Desire. Similarly, there are different ranges inside the car, similarly there are different ranges in the property, so whichever property comes in your budget, in which city.  In the budget, in- laws are staying there, relatives are staying there, whether it is your city or nearby or you are doing a job there, after identifying whatever property is there in your budget, look at it and spend it on your wedding. Some girl from whom they should marry  Work, marry a working girl, she will have some savings, reduce the money from the girl's father, who gives such excuses at the wedding and the one who buys such dirty flowers and lilies and what not, from your father also. Take the money and tell me brother, it will go into assets and you take a loan, take a little loan, take a little, both of them took it as income tax rebate and if your rent is saved, then how much did you divide on it, that is, you had to buy any property.  As  Had to buy a whole property, it's like it's from here to here, you had this much capacity, today you need this much, so much of it, so much of father's, so much of father-in-law's marriage, after saving so much, after taking this much private loan, after taking my own loan, what am I left to reach?  And where in under construction, if you buy a project which will be built in 3 to 4 years, then you get leverage, your money does not go anywhere in one go, 20 * 5 plant 2018, start doing this thing.  It is not necessary to start traveling from Switzerland as soon as you get married. It is okay to travel to India. It is still not that expensive. Life does not need to be compromised so much. The whole family can live together.  Can take [music] The girl's father also, the boy's father also come, there is a little bit of it for the wedding because there are thousand people in the wedding, 500 people came, 50 people came or 10 people came, the quality of the wedding is in it. On function, wedding and marriage it is very very different marriage which starts off with Mani savings start off on concrete assets where in joint blessings insecurity is very less, it is very less but parents are not doing it, they are not doing it because something is simple  Do n't want to buy a small house, when everyone goes to see the house then it is Rs 1 crore, Rs 1.5 crore, now if yours is not for a house, then you are taking the example of Rs 70-80 lakh.  I am typing North India Gurgaon, it may be cheap in your city, it may be 50 lakhs, it may be 40 lakhs, it may be 80 lakhs, then it is very important because after coming home, whatever you put in it, you will have to pick it up.  Do n't know and that constant remains in life and one such thing also remains when the house leaves because I have seen only the middle class changing this city, the lower class does not change, the rich do not change. You have seen it Mukesh Ambani ji.  How many rich people, their children ca n't go anywhere and do business, why do they stay there in Mumbai or Antilia, why do some of them feel that outside Mumbai too is pulling them, why do n't they go out and live in some foreign country because they have as much wealth as they have?  The day has to go, they go abroad, they go wherever they want, they go to roam around, they do that and come back. A No, you have chosen Karmabhoomi 19, you will keep doing this Karmabhoomi, you will keep roaming around, the wanderer's land, the land, anyway, for six months, one and a half years, two years, nothing anywhere.  would have been  I see in many families, the mother is with one child in a city, the other child is posted somewhere here, the father is working somewhere because why do all this because the asset is not celebrated, where you can create an asset, think only that, you have to study only this. Clear, study only this job, both are good, choose which one you like best and see in totality what all you need, do you like Ahmedabad or Noida, check yourself.  Do you like Bengaluru? You like only a few things, you like Bengaluru, you like Hyderabad, you like whatever is in the same generic, set them in the same generic form, sometimes even if you make a mistake, you may not like it. Now, you had to settle in Pune, you took it in Gurgaon, so that exchange.  The program can be done at any time. You have bought the asset and done its capital appreciation because if you delay it in life then you will not be able to buy it as is happening in London or England, especially in London, this old one.  Generation is war for the new generation. Whatever salary you will get even today in India, between 5 to 6 to 7 years, 7 years is on hire, a little expensive, a little genius, 6 is like okay, 5 to 6 to 7 years.  Affordability is there in India. I am talking about the total salary. I am talking about the total salary. How much will it cost after cutting it? If new money comes, then it will increase. I am talking about the total salary of yours. If I take it, someone says.  If your package is ₹ 15 lakh then 5:40 75 lakh is okay, the package of 12 lakh is 74084, so you can do it, 84 is the upper limit, you will need help from your parents and everyone, 60 is the lower limit, here you can do it easily yourself.  Yes, I am also telling you very easy formulas. If anyone needs a loan, if you want to get a loan in NCR daily in North India, then you can WhatsApp me on the number given below. Loan is my real estate info group, there I also do real estate education, I also tell about the projects and I put all the content on it separately, whatever I refine, now that real estate education, you must have put it in the link Real  There is no need to add those who are having Estate Info Tu Info van. If it is filled then you all can join in Info Tu because take the exact numbers and tell them, it will be different for different cities. Another interesting data has come to me, I will also share it on the group, the average salary and average rent of London, England from 2010 to 2022 are very interesting, the average salary of Gurgaon, the average salary of Pune and the average salary of Pune are very interesting.  On how many pages does the salary increase? The salary increases on this basis and the rent sometimes increases even more than this, so affordability is achieved.  Because of un pricing, is the price of properties always speculative, all through the world, what is real, is it rent, you have to understand it is a very deep thing, I can talk about the rent cap of property, I have one and a half crores, you don't know, transactions do not happen every day, I am talking about property.  It may be worth Rs 1 crore, it may not be for sale even for Rs 90 lakh, the owner is not the buyer, whatever transactions happen or if there is a buyer, that is the rate of the property, if not as per my advice.  There is speculation in this but you can immediately know what the rent is. Brother, how long should the rent be in any society? ₹ 25000 28 to 30 and there will not be much extreme variation in it. One size and one type of flat, one type.  That Plus Minus i10% will be available in that bill follow d profit and d ups in d long term short term this set can be speculative next year  If the profit is going to increase, then take your shares from now and then next year, if the profit is not increased, then you will die. Okay, you also know this, but in the long term, if you look at the graph, then as the profit graph is, then generally long term.  The same graph will be of the share, in between if you take a period of one year then the price may lag or it may go ahead that it has taken a discount of two years and has already increased and when the profits in actual.  It may happen that it did not fall when it increased, but the same thing happens with the rents, the rents also double in 9:00 to 10 years, you know that they double, some years they do not increase, some years they increase more, no, there are huge losses and then there is a jam.  And now going forward, so the research that we do like me, I look at the rent because it is a real thing, from that I look at the valuation to see if the valuation is right or not, now there is a lot of money on rental. Things are going to happen very slowly, everyone will explain like this, I will also make a separate video on samjhaunga and rental because it has become long because after this, people these days, it is the era of Tik Tok Talk and shot shot, so I I too have been guided not to make a very long video, at least keep it less than 2025 minutes, it is okay, otherwise half of the school period, which is 40 minutes, is spent. How did you like the video, please tell me and you are intelligent.  And if you want clarity then give the end given below, it is real estate info group, join it immediately, you will get to learn something from it, some will have free content in it, some will have little feedback in it, date you have to take a call.  Which one you want you join and rich one you want you learn and ho you want you learn ok thank you