Hello friends, today's topic is how should we eat our food, how should we eat food, I will like this topic, if you want to subscribe, if someone tells you something, what you know, then original content, what you don't know, tell me, where should you drink water?  I am telling you something different, removing the appointed person if he goes wrong is very simple but not easy, but listen to him, it will bring a lot of peace in your life in 1 to 2 months.  If you subscribe to the channel, then subscribe to its quality. Many people eat food alone. We have to avoid eating alone. It is some time in the night. The wife is watching her TV. The children have already eaten. This letter came from the office. No one is forced to do so.  A man is eating food, some are watching TV, they are eating food, the thought process of eating alone will never be that of a relaxed person, I always want to eat food with someone close to us with whom we have a good relationship, like  that wife  Okay or children and to talk about good things and how are things with you, to talk about stagnation, many people have come to us, winner and time environmental, night time, still we can say that we are not even eating dinner, so that is why meaning meaning In my life, on Thursday, I already have breakfast, lunch and dinner. After changing your clothes from office, I see many people asking me to eat spicy food, sit down, change my office clothes, do n't do this, relax a little, you have to eat now.  Don't select food but get food there. Why work till late in caste office? Life has too many compulsions but there is a compromise to see you. So try not to eat alone and subscribe to any channel. And it is happening anywhere like people.  People know and if in your mind, if you have been appointed in life, then you can do everything but do it due to no compulsion, you should not eat street food like lunch or eating outside. Note: Street food hygiene issue continues.  I could not stay, I am going that the way we need AIDS while standing, we should eat sitting down, which is not possible practice, we should eat while sitting on a chair, table, respect, people eat while walking, this is while walking.  This is very, now there is no Ayurvedic or legitimate allopathy in it, I am not seeing any romantic doctor even at the energy level, that is why I am not talking about doctor labeling in this video. And why are they there? I am taking them to that level. I am taking them to the third order. So if you want to eat somewhere, you can eat it peacefully by sitting under a tree in the park. You can sit with someone and talk to Ram in a relaxed manner.  If you have to pick it up from somewhere and have to buy side food from the road, then if you go there, the media is busy standing there and doing that work, there also the environment was relaxed, you went for a walk, it was important, the second thing to eat was very important, you got lunch break.  This is a very important pick for fast time. You should be such that no one dares to touch your relatives. It is not just that when I call, I was eating, I pick it up and reduce the ghee to eat, like a college student sitting for food. You are such an important man, if you don't pick up your phone within 10 minutes of eating food, something will happen as soon as you wake up, so you are coming here, you, the system which did not disturb the world, can be an investment in his life, tell me.  Tell me, tell me, tell me, I, your life can never be in balance, today's news, election, friend, and 30 minutes which takes 15-20 minutes, whether the effigy was protected in the mill, the environment was sure, going high, hurrying.  Time Jhala Center Children's school time This time If you cannot come so early, you cannot comfortably, then please subscribe and subscribe the Channel so that the personal food on these one is often set by the players to taste.  There is a public smell which you can feel because when you put it on the ear, we have five sensory organs in the ear. We have put blood in the ear. If you are watching some TV, if you are doing this, then you definitely do not get that it.  You can test it, there are many people who are completely healthy and you will see how the attacks are happening towards the forests, you are getting to hear a lot about this treadmill and all these things, oh brother, you take out an hour to go to the gym, but it should be taken at a cost. half of there  If you can download the food by reducing the hour then always beans will be fine subscribe thank you all subscribe feeling feeling If I talk then it is a manifestation that in some test it is showing you that there is something wrong with you people are also eating such things So that you don't eat such things at all, you should know that you should subscribe a little and eat it, people have started eating Rasgulla, all this is fine, I am not getting time, okay then subscribe.  You can see this as an example, see this, show the turtle in this way, feel the 31 parts completely, talk about food even during meal time, talk about it in such a light hearted manner, talk about the day, open your heart, keep your clothes clean and tidy.  It should be like if you do dinner like you do with breakfast, then you will do something strange in the breakfast. Is it like this that if you do your dinner like that then it will take 2 minutes, then it is okay for us to do it in good clothes and at lunch time, move forward in inches and while running.  A video was made earlier also, you have to subscribe to my channel, most of the people try to subscribe it, it is fine to eat it for 119 minutes, it is Ayurvedic old ginger, it lasted for 119 minutes, maximum 2 hours, if you are going after packing a box of 7:00 and  If you are eating at date o'clock, then in summers, it is moon-like fuel, even in winters, a system with this product code had come out. The members of Mumbai were appointed and the one was that till the time was different, if the time was hour, then they used to set the money. Broke your back, subscribe in Delhi India and collect it from your home, it should not be like this from the village, pickles, papads, festivals, some Swedish appointments, everyone takes the normal main thing, so how do you add food from ₹3.  There is a huge difference in how it is served, try it for two days, it is ok to get fresh South Indian only, if you talk around then it will be South Indian, eat idli idli sambar hot, that is absolutely true.  It is fine for two days, you will go to work for five days and one day you will eat some food on the side and for two days you will get your pack from home, you have gone for five days and that is six miles of Saturday and Sunday, of which you guys are on leave at home. If you are going to bat after doing them, then these people should keep such people and the expensive places that are available here were latent about this country, eat in school sometime, this is a very good five star hotel, this is a place with very good coffee, this is  go sit your  Wife girlfriend one with this and bike, see some nice sandwich and coffee, its aroma came and stopped worrying about making coffee. How will the time be spent in the innocent office? We were drinking coffee with macrophages like this, put it on the computer for a minute, Rafi, smoke someone else's cigarette.  There is an addiction to it, but after going out of it, I don't know that it is a movement, it makes people worse than themselves, it doesn't taste good, nothing is fine, but if you are drinking tea or coffee.  Send her something and enjoy her like a cigarette, because you ca n't sit in the office saying that cigarettes are going on like this and if she hates you, then you have to go out of the mental pressure and give her movement, not cigarettes, so do n't think that I sell cigarettes at cheap prices.  Staying in and talking about the same thing by doing it like this and talking to someone in cigarette smoke your friends friendship meaning meaning hr hr it is difficult to get out of things by going on your face then if you are watching till now then it is okay and this type of video  If you want further, there are many topics which leave your life, because I want to make that video, then you can improve tomorrow by leaving life, do n't eat alone, who should eat real food, then find a tablet, where is my onion, why lemon?  I did not want to ask that we spend like this because whenever he went out, it seemed to be worth sixty or seventy rupees per carat. Till then there is a missing honey in it, which his wife is cutting and giving thanks. Are you getting it in full?  eat as you want  I will give you one more tape, if the food is not to your liking, don't cry over it, you are very angry, either eat quietly friend, leave something, this one who stops eating is not the team, what is this salt, now I leave it brother, anyone.  Whether you are in the office or anywhere, it means that you are not feeling hungry, it is okay and if you have tantrums, then make arrangements as per your capacity, it is okay. If the maker is not right, then bring the right maker and the maker will bring the right one. no strength  If there is support then I have to earn and people will see the room issue. The food here in the hostels is not good, there the replay is like this, you all will get such great food somewhere nearby according to your status, it should be available everywhere after peeping outside. Forget about your mother, who will remember your mother? Mother's will also come. If you see mother's food, then whenever you are in a mood when the children were small, well, when the age increases, you start leaving it, then even the mother is not able to love her.  Kind  Like other names, mother's physical remains the same and still it happens, then the luck gets reduced that why this, what will we do, then health benefits, but I am the other one, mommy fed me hot roti, I have made a video earlier also roti  I am getting messed up. Okay, so take care of those small things. Only the small things will keep you in mind in life. Life time fair achievement award declared objective. You worked very hard. What sacrifices did you make before the children? Fame is nothing.  One retired after doing a job. Good morning, got promotion in the job. Good for you. If not, then Isi Vanopaj Living A Life Time Award, this is my medical acid which is already there and if you have not subscribed to my channel yet, then give them more.  You have the problem of disturbing them and you control your environment time and had taken out your windows in it, not all of them can do that much, no one has become that then and the top of the country subscribe subscribe my  Subscribe to the channel, I am telling you to make it simple to get 40-50 minutes in 24 hours, that you people will follow whatever I have won, please follow me, if I have 251 cigarettes, then I will say that my day has been made.  The world is gone, it's okay, 120 crores, 140 crores are not reached out soon, one practical thing we have learned in our life till 50, it's okay, the old ones are better than that.  Is and all this point of old knowledge test which gives pain appointed already I knew it so now I am telling you people when I deleted it I am relieved that man is running after money and if not see then mind becomes irritable  One who does not get pleasure from eating food, subscribe otherwise, he drinks two cups of tea more than others, so who will drink the real one, then there will be no need to drink much, I am anyway against intoxication, but this Consciously take the drug like I have seen many people who have 12 more of that cigarette in it, okay if he gave you this much whisker, now he is trying to quit, but he is slowly quitting.  That two Kashmiris want to enjoy to the fullest. I am not asking you to smoke cigarettes, I am saying as an example that you should try to enjoy everything, that is rasgulla, I will eat only half of it, but I will enjoy four of the other half. Took ansh and said that a man has to eat rasgulla again but with half of it in the mosque of 634. Who is the real news? You are breaking your body with the responsibility of too many calculations. If you have time, break it in the gym and then there is no arrangement. Okay, health.  Do it too much, go real and do what it is doing in the market, eat protein, skin, kale and eat whatever you want, eat peacefully, half the problem, put a message but it will tell, then who earned money in this? I gave the knowledge here that no one's narrative was correct, it did not benefit the doctors, nor did it benefit the Ayurveda people, nor did it benefit anyone in the company, that I did not say anything like eat fast food, take this, so it is like this.  The knowledge in which anyone has benefited is not being told, but this energy is important. This subtle thing is important because what is the exact benefit in it for those who listen and implement it? Eat any kind of food, get a contest written on it.  After doing the exam, Shahrukh forwarded the news. You must have understood that getting such videos will definitely take a long time. Many people would have told this easily. By doing this plan, the friend's secondary in the same thing is that you keep watching each other.  Okay, so tell me this one thing, once you know it, Dry Fruit Ninja House, please forward this video to your grand lady of the horse, there is nothing if we start fighting, quarreling, eating before eating. Eat and then you will be fine for half an hour then that means a controller Share Like