Hello friends, today's topic is going to be very interesting. There was a lot of demand from parents for me to make this topic on how to control the screen time of the kids. Children are very busy in their detailed world.  There is a video on how to control rate, please share it with your group, those who are parents, children in this age group, children between the age group of five to fifteen years, and those who have parents, share this video with them.  First of all, this is a problem within the question within the question. The question is how to control the moment. You want to control something. That doesn't happen. Comment, you tighten something. If you ever go, like go to the beach, you don't. He stays in the desert.  Here you pick up the sand, keep it tight in your hand, close it tightly, the tighter you do, the faster it will come out between these fingers and if you do this, then it will remain there, so find it and use it any time in life.  This word controls the control world as it is a long. Change this word. See how things will change if you change one of your words. First of all, I will tell you what order to change. First of all, you have to see whether the screen time is  There is a lot wrong in one and how much of it is the person so right, how much of it is wrong, how will you do this in ranking, you will have to major in it, first you will have to see how mandatory it is, if the child is not going to school and is reading on his laptop, then he  If you have screen time then how much do you have to do on the screen and how much do you not do? Make a chord and measure it and after that I will tell you some tips, you will implement those tips in the underworld that will come to you which will change your game. That's That's How To Influence What's Not Controlled How To Influence The Screen Time Of It's Just Repeated How To Influencer's Screen Time Of What Your Kids Watch You tell me how much you influence what you see, don't control because when you control then Jagga will keep roaming around like a spy and life will become such that what is he busy doing, what is he doing, you tell me. What should I do if I find it in my phone? If I find it in it then what am I seeing there? How will I ever know that the child is busy in mobile, after seeing it he will switch it off within a minute and say like this, I was studying or  I was listening to something, so you  You have to tell the child that the TV channels are all smart TVs, 99% of them today, they will link with it, you can do whatever you want, boy or girl, do whatever you want to do, you link with it and get a house.  It is called a public place, it has become a drawing room, where people have to come and go, there you do activities, it is okay to go in a secret place, go to the corner to make excuses and spend the day disappearing, on how much water there was water, some songs of Will Singh. What are you doing studying the wrong website? If you are online then please someone is getting something from the system. For how much does this other cream get, first of all you have to see that whatever screen damage can be caused.  If you have a little bit of technology in it, it will protect your child. One thing that I have seen is that if you click on it with LED TV, it will become very tight. Then you can impose a curfew on screen time only one note.  at home in Then you also will not do it, at that time the family will read the book, okay we will talk among ourselves, this is the last time you open your hands, then sacrosanct times where you screen at all, instead of doing the reverse of when to screen, reverse it that at the intense level.  You won't do it because those times are dry and after a time you are like it's 8:30, it's 9:00, after that time you have tomorrow, I should have a place for all the digital things in the house, whether it is mobile or not.  There is a tube, a laptop, anything else, you go out and keep all those things, and ultimately you have the password for the WiFi, plus you have the control to show it, once you switch it off, half of whatever system they have.  It will fall on its own and you will have to leave it, okay, that is a different thing, children are very smart and keep downloading God knows what, but for Fiji, these are practical tips by which you can influence these things a little, word from mind. remove the control because  Now the whole world is going to come in this, this is the work, this is the business, this is the presentation, this is where knowledge is to be gained, this is where attention is to be taken online, this is where money is to be earned. You teach children to use Paytm and other such digital things.  Internet banking will be taught as a practical thing when you will teach that whatever order you place at your home, you people do it from Amazon as well, whatever is from the side, just involve the kids in the field and power them by mailing them.  If there is something then he will use the loan or will he do it, now he has to do all the things so whatever useful things he has to learn, it is dependent on him Jain profile like this is my money minded series brother, tell him like a child is watching Netflix on Saturday This is my complete play list of 15 16 videos. The child's knowledge will increase in one and a half hour. Show him the complete play list and influence him. What is he watching? Watch a video yourself, if you like it, get engaged in it.  Your child will get some benefit in this. Forward video to the great aided to watch. Anyway, he has to see something else. He will pick up and look at Vinati ji to learn good values. He will learn the language from him. Our children will learn this from Carry Minati ji because he is so zoned. In the meeting with crores of subscribers, you will become gold, subscribe and its subscribers, these are the children sitting, so if you will influence the time of the child and you will give him the video, then this video  I have seen you, you also asked questions, Teacher Khan too, what kind of lady has she opened a good book, what should she teach, write a line, how to eat from this video, then it is ok, what are mutual funds, what is a lion, what is the demand, what is the demand of men's fashion.  You will not call it murder. What should a 16 year old child know? What should a 16 year old not know that he/she will not have time to know till the age of twenty six? What a child needs to know when you need. To influence agar uske songs bhi sunna to song bridge kitne sunna hain kuni sun rahe you should also be aware of and everything shoot play bolta hai taro song sunna na to kaan mein laga ki suno Rahul main abhi teri song sunoge aap bhavana bolo Bose ka  The speaker is on Bluetooth and we also listen to the songs. If you look closely, the important judges of the painters' test are not judging you. What do you say by listening to English, listening to Hindi, listening to loud music? We also involve the child by dancing again. He is also saying to her that the ocean will not be mine nor will I know, maybe it is a very good thing, he is doing less and more, Kareena Rava in your house unnecessarily, in this society, we have said a lot more.  There is a lot more, there is a lot more, there is a lot happening, so nothing is happening, not a lot, he is sitting with the book open, he is studying, in the old times, if you had opened the book like this, you could have put a comment inside it, he comes, parents, parents.  This book stuck to him like this One thing that used to be done all the time is that if I sat with a book open and am not doing digital time, then it means that I have done some work, so these days I have kept all these things online, so you have to take a break from it, you have to put it in my mind.  Please check that Excise Children's Ki Don't forget to subscribe, subscribe, so now it's gone uncle, this is what is happening but people are not able to understand the parents, so you have to see that you give them a course on online animation, give them a course on video recording.  Of  Get someone to do a test of editing also, Dushman Features Master. Now after seeing that, you have to waste time and put it in digital and you do n't even learn anything. You see how the output has been and you control the hours of the day that it will make a total of 6 hours.  That I lie 126 is too much or waste Whatever figure put it measure it You are okay when anything is also measure Diet thing only they can change It doesn't mean anything which ca n't change  Remember, training does not work. Jasbir Kaur, you saw the child seven times a day, then the latter may be doing something in his hand and making judgments the whole day. When that reference happens, you are the one who is left and right, then do the major and make it public. Ask them to do it in the domain. When is there a public type area in your house? Ask them to do it sitting there. There is a boy as well as a girl and keep two children seven each so that they will monitor each other too. Is brother watching this or is he watching this?  Used to be You can't do this whole day, you children can't do this whole day, you have to earn money and you have to do your office work too, you children can't do this all day long  Will you take things with your hands? It's okay or it will be dull. Today, books have started appearing on him. It is very soothing to these eyes. If you see the light system of it, how the light system has been done from inside. It's to be number  18 The fun of reading a study book in Kindle is different; you don't have to stop at this page. If you find a word in the map book, then I have this book in my book. It's like where was that concept, so I have fresh memories. Some memories. I thus typed it and took me to this page of that book. There was a storehouse of advice books from which book I extracted that everything about our health and astrology is very good so you don't have to call it completely.  It is good that you have utilized and mid-doing, you will come back after doing Picasso. Okay, by doing this, you can learn subscribe, you can also make presentation, everything is digital but do subscribe, try it on this side and subscribe, you will get it before this and in the evening.  Time has been set, the problem arises when Bigg Boss 11:00 the child does not know in which room the doors are closed, what else is happening, then the internet is under your control.  In the house, in the WiFi Password Kaise Control Kaise Control and physical, you must know that how many children are there on this device, Naiharva has confiscated all his and still he is doing it on one or two people and you also tell them that you do it during the day.  What work do you want to do for you, which you have to do secretly, tell me that too, I am fine, so and then you will know how much time he is using on Instagram and how much time he is wasting in typing on TikTok.  Is it gaming sites  But if you are wasting time, then you will automatically see that you will feel some shame, you are telling me to do it, you tell me to do it, if you want to play a game too, then you play it on a big screen and play it well. For half an hour and 15 minutes, tell me how many times you open and open it.  So of course friend and that is addiction, we have to use that addiction in two words but this is your knowledge because generally like this video of mine, you all must not be watching it yet because there is no fun in knowledge but there is some fun in practicality.  Meaning  Entertainment has been happening, okay, then when you take the child towards knowledge and he starts enjoying all the knowledge, then as much as he will have this time, it will be very very well. First go to hotspot when send message please parents just change diet control no. Kids of this generation to be controlled by the person who controls and controls, it is okay if you control more, for how long will you control and then you will go to the hospital, then you have given your child a good thing.  When he will be towards me and knowledge then when you are not there and he has that useful thing because that thing will give him happiness, peace and his then please subscribe subscribe thank you