Hello friends, this is going to be a very relevant and good topic. If you meet someone at work place which seems very difficult or you do not understand how to do it and the boss has given it to you and you are getting confused then how to do it, I am here.  Earlier in the consultation, people who were unhappy would come to me, I used to give them this trick, now I want to do only very high level things in the consultation, basically, I am giving all these things for free, now you have this  Video is coming, isn't it Gyan, this tree is doing consultation, think, I have charged a lot of money for this, many people have benefited from it, now I am giving it for free, so the thing worth money is getting for free, please take Puri Sun, the topic is this.  Basically, at your job, your boss gave you something which you do not understand, you cannot do and till the fillings, you can be or a government servant, you can be in a private job or a corporate job and something can happen in any such job.  can  What is the situation? The situation is not about us, how to get out of the situation, I will tell you, okay, it is going to be very interesting, I have given consultation to many people, many people have thanked me a lot, what do you have to do, it should be a government setting, it should be a good corporate setting.  You have been called by your boss and they say ok Rohit Neha ok now I call Sumit too ok you have you do this and now you are like when you will see attention  Many times, what is less difficult than what the boss has got from somewhere and even he has not understood it completely, this also happens a lot, some letter has to be written, some draft has to be done, anything can be less, it is okay, late today.  As an example, let us take a presentation, with this template you can put it in different situations. Here, I take a presentation to show that some such superior presentation has to be made and this  If you want to make something then what you do is you stand with a pen and paper. First of all, whenever you meet someone like this, many times people just thank you because you know that this is nothing, they don't understand it.  I do n't know what to do, okay, and that boss gets irritated, your numbers get cut, okay, and there are many employees who are not ready to do it, sometimes what happens is that after calling four-five people, many times less is given like this.  knows what to do and everything  They are avoiding me like this, I will not do it, I will not do it, you volunteer like this, even you don't know completely how to do it, it is okay if it is difficult, then there is no need for any concentration, it is not easy, so you people just do it, volunteering something will always get Mani Reputation, Appreciation, Because of the stress on time, you have taken it from the boss, okay, you have taken the presentation, now the story moves forward, whenever there is a syllabus on top of that, right?  Define whatever information you have, whatever data you have to give, whatever presentation you have to make and start narrowing it down. Don't think about it, what is good, what is bad, what is there and then tell the rest of the people.  Sir, I have volunteered but I will request you all to also put it in. Now as you have taken the responsibility, others will be like this in a minute sir, they will only do this, everyone will say like this, it is not a responsibility, you have taken the responsibility.  You took less but the rest of the people are just oiled sir you know I will do it and I look my best but I request ok do this after that the situation will go away after that come back as many doubts as the boss has from him whatever  Your clarity told something, mostly he is also confused, he also does not know what to live, no one does psychology, does not start in any way, it did not happen like this because your boss may also have been given less by his boss.  His boss has given less, this happens a lot in the government, it happens that the person who has given less is thinking of doing this and he has given and no one in the system has the courage to ask again, this is not super. Because what is normally observed is that the higher up one goes, the spine wine gets a little less. This is not even asked because the fool's 'I would be a fool' is fine in his eyes and that is communicated to the people below.  Finally you are the man who did it  What has been told to him is at the level but you start low, you start low, you make your slides and you tell him Sir, I have so much time, how long do you need, you have to ask, he will say two days, one day, three. If he gives you four days and four days, then after the date day, prepare two-three things from his side and show him anything that you understand, which will make you say oh this is nonsense what is this this is  What will you produce? Will it speak or will it say, Han Yaar, it is okay, it is feeling good, but it is very good to speak, these three reactions will be very good, average, very useless, only this will happen and if there is anyone else, then tell me, this is what will happen, it is very good, then you have.  You will rarely finish, again if it is good then bechis rear will not be good, okay mostly it is very useless and the story in between will most likely be because it is less difficult, if not then if you have done well then you are a hero.  Then it was less, okay, there is vision, there is no clarity, there is no system, so now it will be achieved till now, now there is a deadline for this to be told to the boss as well, to understand, to do this, this is very interested friend, if something happens, that too once.  -When someone asks, you say sir, it is like this, don't say like this, it is bad, okay, you tell exactly what is bad, it is something like saying, did anyone give you tea, then you say it is bad, oh what is bad, less sugar.  There is more bandage, there is less milk, there is more milk, there is no finger, watch this specifically, women and other people are also learning from this video and you can apply this thing in many things of life. A video, for which I give a key, the key can open many more doors, there are LED videos, they are about multiple order thinking, anytime in such a situation in life, ask Faso, when someone of yours says something is bad, this is all a problem.  It is you who is bad, it has to be made of 60, it has to be made of 20, the color is not right in the material, the data that I am giving, is this data less or more or do you have to give something else, do you want it in animation form, if it is not mine then there will be an animation expert in the office.  Catch the one who does it, neither inside the gallows, nor can you become much of a hero, now he is not killing well, what is your choice, many times in life you get trapped like this, you have to eat whatever you get, then you will have to do the next thing.  The man is doing it, isn't it? And be very intelligent. Don't give me these looks. Don't give me those looks. You are absolutely stupid. Sir, by doing this you don't even know how to look intelligent. Look comfortably in the eyes, you tell me, I am 40 out of it.  If I am a hundred useless student, then tell me what to do, tell me what exactly to do, what to put, tell him that you are defining and forcing him, now he will have the courage to pick up the phone and ask God.  What is this, we have made it so much but what is it exactly then the system will go upwards but everyone has to answer on logic when the situation has come, brother 24898678 * 7 8 9 4 8 6 5 * If you have to do that then you have done that one.  This one has been done below that then they hit crosses like this, then they multiply this one, then they hit two crosses, then they do this and then this question is solved.  It seems that you have already started, now he also has to come and contribute, if he doesn't do it, then he can't do anything about you, and then what will you do, then whoever says this, whoever understands, you will follow, then you start reducing his salary and the next one.  Bring that time and then he will say like this is something like this, you should think that something is being built in a house or some painting is being done, the house is being painted, you are doing it and it is not the next person's business, it is not right.  what happened do it again  Atlist, your hard work is taking effect, now the structure is getting defined every time and science, now this has also got involved, so next time his boss said, bring nonsense along with you, he will not say it, then you have to talk to him too, sir.  Don't speak like this Exactly what is wrong every time you refine I have seen this happening in you I know I take the name of organizations but neither simulators nor ships are made so a new ship is made like that  Have I ever gone there or have I gone like this? Now I will not tell many details but it said that going there is nonsense, my friend, I will give you an example. A man is making a car, which will become complicated today. The simulator is fine, the car.  A man is making it, okay someone else has made a car and he has called you to test drive the car, the car is nothing, it means you are like, what is it right, then you say it is useless, then you say no, it is useless, don't say.  this very carefully  Listening to this video is going to help you a lot in your work place. You can find it tight. Good, gear field is not good. Okay, steering seems to be wrong. Okay, there is a problem with the pickup. Okay, pickup looks slow. Okay, vehicle noise is too much.  Is it a good seat? This is not very comfortable. The sound in the horn is not good for you. The glass looks good to you. This is the way it looks. This is not happening. This is the way the vehicles are made. I am the one sending the plane.  I was trying to give an example, it must be complicated, right, I am going for the simple one, now when he writes, the work is getting defined, if you tell me that all this is nonsense, then this is the most addictive sir type feeling, how bad is the new start.  Working because you define your work like sheet, now we have to make it bigger, make it comfortable, make it front and back, it looks like this, it is full, it is comfortable, it is ergonomics, it is tight like this, it is open, it is thick.  For a man, for a big man, for a thin man, there is so much chest, if you do it like this, then it looks good in my place, then do it like this, small things will have to be found and they will have to be fixed, it is a difficult thing, where making a car, phone is very difficult.  It is easy to make a phone like this thin, what to make thin, then what is its megapixels, what is this, what is that, it becomes less like this everywhere, difficulty becomes less, don't get over define your problem, what happens in most  Of d office d juniors are not having d strength an d mental intelligence tu go back tu d seniors tu tell dem please define d problem in un gathered they need something, that something is not being understood by you, you are not able to give it to them and  She needs something in this situation where we met a three year old child, I do n't know what she needs, so first I gave her a toy, then I gave her a chocolate and then I gave her a like, what should I do?  What does Bithau Han want? He is crying and has a chocolate. Then he says, "I want something to eat but I don't want it. Give it to you. It is very clear that he is hungry. I have to give him something to eat. Let you go back again. Give you release toy showing."  It will do, we will have to bring something to eat, nine you come up with four new things, samosas, something fruit and something and something and then again okay so this is this and these are all  Child Abuse Sorry Bosses Who Most of the Time Behave Like Child Okay Need You Be Addressed Only Problem Solved Hogi Usko Usko Whenever and Many Shots and Ise Not Satisfied with You and He Crash is Your Work You Guntur Tu Full Bad Because He Ise Un  Confused soul, he knows this is not right but he did the right thing, so brother, when he doesn't know, he is earning more salary.  He has done a lot of job, he is no model right, you shoot coming, yes, what you have produced, it is not good, he knows it, I also know it, it is because of debt, it is not like this, angry sir, what to do right, I am your molajim number one, my  There is no one better than Karvaoge. If there is someone, then get someone else to do the karvaoge. How come when he cannot explain, everyone ran away hiding their mustache. You were the one who had volunteered, so tell me sir.  I am your skill, if I am Virat Kohli or Sir Kumar Yadav, I am the one who will spread them, then if Nehra Saheb came, he would not have made a living in the Indian team, it is okay, tell me, I am the star artist, your batsman, tell me, you define.  So when he starts using he has brain and you four say you are one de brains all box have brains it is just dat it don't him dem because of his he is doing less so many times he  It is not possible to do it, now you have to tell him sir, this is it, it will not do, it is time for you to take out your brain which is kept in the locker, and after doing it, you should tell him and if you are not able to do it then the uncle who  I have told you to please call him, Sir, tell me whether I actually wanted this or that thing, why do I ultimately want that because what is the ultimate, the mind is busy with everything, so that you can know that this thing was asked for. What is it being used for ultimately? So it can be helped by tweeting about it. Now we understand why we need it ultimately because in many organizations the forced data is becoming so expensive, everywhere it is private, this government, give this, give that. Give this to someone in the system, all the time like laborers, someone is busy in doing sour things, the people doing all this here keep playing data with each other, data plays with data a lot because if there is something to be done then the people below do it.  We will set it and take it out as I always tell people, the rice is cooked, it is raw, there is no need to eat all the pressure cooker. There is no need to eat all the rice in the bun inside the pan. I will tell you after eating all the raw ones and then eat a few of them to know.  It is good to eat a few samples, you can know from a few samples that when you buy that perfume, you do not wear it all, how is it, okay, do you want a drawing table brother, do you have to ask for a super boss's brother, do you want it?  is there  It is available and these bosses will also be among you, next time when there is your request program, Sonia and Ritu from All India Radio's Pharmacy Geet Muzaffarnagar have made the demand like this, it has been the request of many bosses many times. Don't waste the time of this organization by going out like this today. If you tell the person about your clarity in your mind in which you think you are clear for 5 minutes then go down.  50 thousand hours will be saved in just 5 minutes. If you become more specific on your retirement, how will you do it in your personal life? Like the channel.