Hello friends, this is the topic of Marital Series, this topic is the first year after marriage, I have made this video for the popular demand, fresh mother-in-law, mother-in-law, mother-in-law, show it to all the women who are going to be together or will be together or have already been together and to the father-in-law.  The in- laws also have to be looked after and the widows go away, it goes away. It's okay for the rest of the youngsters and those who are married, those who are going to get married, those who have become dependent on their parents. Subscribe I have definitely seen that the rates of his friends are increasing, fights are increasing, you Sheela Saal are very important to your core audience who listens very well and likes the clippings, more unfair benefits are left for them bhai opinion. According to IDBI, if you want to believe then it will definitely happen, it will take some time but it will come together, what to do after marriage, the girl's parents, the girl's parents, the boy's parents.  Involvement The girl's parents, little by little, do not let this couple leave you and try that if the boy used to live with you, then you should find him near the nearest house from your house and he is coming, I know now. Many women will face a lot of problems. I know that if I say such things even while going to relatives or while campaigning, they get very angry. Okay, you have to forward this video to them too. There is an opportunity of a video to convince the angry people too. Do you want?  May your son stay with you  If you are yearning, then see this work. Earlier, the time had changed. It used to be for the children. People would do it. So in childhood, bowling, bowling, bowling, bowling, batting could have been subscribed to. Papa and the entire team could have been informed about their meeting.  When the time came, I took the bat from his hand and then gave him the bullet for sure. I am telling all the mothers and sisters that if you hold me for one year and leave the first year of marriage for one year, then do not go to their house.  I am because the girl who is coming, she and the boy will have to make some settings of their own to live life together, you will interfere in it by spreading good cow dung raita and then will say rally, after doing my research, you have shaken all their bases on the first day of your marriage, the day  And the honeymoon starts, Kanha ji, the marriage gets done, then Santa goes on the honeymoon, the honeymoon senior comes and says that I will be with him forever for 21 years, you have taken the cup for one year, so today I am telling you this big that he will always be with you, keep him aside for a year and wear whatever was yours, now we have to do it with each other in life, she is your daughter-in-law, she does not know how to cook, she is not fond of food, so it is yours.  It will take 5 days, what is she doing, why doesn't she do anything, why doesn't she do it, the comment is not seen, either you are on the job, the note is fine and the note will be made, then we are ours, you are fine, mom is fine, mom is after the honeymoon.  It's not like that, it's not like that, it's not like that, but  It doesn't happen normally, it happens even in a joking manner, that's why if it happens then it will definitely happen, so I am comfortable, mom has just woken up from sleep asking what she cooked, a girl can't do that to eat, the society has not progressed that much, right.  So the first thing is that she says like this, son, you are old like my daughter, never do it like a daughter, it's okay for your daughter-in-law, she will like it, then how do you know Patti, whom we know, okay, then don't make a daughter. keep separate  There are a lot of things in his team, do not spend money on cooking, prepare food, those who will not be subscribed in their life, they will also be of 50, 55, 60 years of age, you can spend your life relaxing and roaming around, do not spend anything on the boy's parents.  Do this between a boy and a girl, spend money on the girl's marriage, whatever budget the boy's parents tell them, and tell them in advance, before the girl gets married, tell them that she is your daughter-in-law and your daughter, this is a program.  This is our house, it will stay close to it, it will be fine and let it be opened comfortably, that is, in a year, in one and a half years, in 2 years, there is a chance of good news coming. When good news comes, anyway, their programs of private limited people end a bit.  Okay, dependency comes on its own, leave him Vitamin B12 less late with multi working spoon that if we stay with you, see, the medicine will be done, I too will be forced to keep this force on the job soon, she went to this very North India with another boy.  So much  She was so mean and her own distance wound, it would have many benefits but yes you have to think about the psychology that if you got a boy for marriage at 25 then you should also think that she would do it at 26, that's why I said, I would do it for one year at 27. Delhi in your mind, assume that you are living in a role, thinking that you have married, by the way, the one who is with you is inside and it is time for the main office, hormones are changing, so I have trapped you.  Is it a matter of breath or is that time coming, it is not a proper time for a woman at the age of 46, and I am telling them that there is work and brave and I am telling them for their understanding so that the leaves and sons of the society send the message that they should vote.  Digger Subandhu hormones, every soldier was that he needs excitement, husband, job, Peter, there is no exciting in him, own marriage has become old, some exciting has also most likely put the body to bay or it has become like this.  I do n't feel like doing much, eating or drinking, now I feel like there is a new student in town, I want a class, so many of the newsroom and the class members will look good while wearing such clothes.  Let's pretend like this, today we have to go to our relative. Okay, that relative is coming today. After the cold wedding, let's see from the boy that the mother who is young, we will appoint him from here to live together, traditional and far away, give peace. who is married for the first time  After making likes, Guddu 's father will have to give money for tea because he did not know how to cook. All these dialogues will end. Take the first step because why am I saying for a year that the first time system should end.  It will be the first year, the first Karva Chauth, I have seen a lot in my community in Haryana and there are other wise, there was no culture like this, it came from somewhere else, people have seen cut and copy paste, you get this saree, you get something to eat and drink, nice ladies roam around.  You have been forced to say that yesterday when you took it or you adopted it, it was Teej festival, he used to believe that the story was going on, it was cultural, you did not understand much about your hair, it is for others and you got confused, neither do you know the religion.  Come on, this is not a religion, I will also make a video on this someday, Harvest brother, Karva Chauth, smart religion, Vivo deal, proper path, do not spoil any, do not print anything written by the child, I was in love with him, I keep mine, I have to keep him daily, okay?  This is a very important topic. Let's stay away for a year. By staying away for a year, a lot of things will automatically get cured and you will be feeling a lot from within. There was no such boy before that. The boy was roaming around in London. He was 27-28 years old. He got a job and got late.  Here my mother felt that she was living in the appointment of my face. If I have told you about the war then you still feel like it. Otherwise, in Udaipur or in some hill station, at the time of vegetables in Rajasthan, at the time of summer in Goa, at the time of summer.  a place with hills  Book now in these, it is a good resort type place, that too a couple is coming, you are also coming, they are eating and sleeping in their own rooms, turning on the orange, expenses are going on but it is necessary to get this.  What is to happen is that a mill will keep grinding and you are like a class monitor saying that poverty is very small, son, don't take this lesson and teach it after one year. After one year, he is not saying that if you leave one year then you will get Australian Masters Tech.  coming out  She will come and say that she is fine and will come and say that in a year nothing like this will happen to me, she herself will become like the old one, the one who has a car or does not know the car, will get a little set, a driver will get set, now he will feel that I am a little  If you distract her in the beginning of sex, then when she goes with your son, she will never come back, she will never come back, daughter, she will not bring you from her heart, it is not a matter of physical, then even the son will come to know about it. You ran away and took my job.  You get a job and it goes away, meaning nothing happens automatically. Mother-in-law and daughter-in-law were having trouble in the house, then God appeared from above, an email ID and that boy or girl or both were working.  The boy used to give him this fair ghee, now son, after your promotion here, on your posting, it should not happen that he and those who cause more trouble go to Canada, okay and you can never go to Canada, it is so cold, okay. go to a bar where you  Layered youth will be there, second and third thing will not go, okay so please do the best, tell me how you liked this video, it can be a research, you may like it very much, what story is it telling and but those who like it, those who find something in it that  Friend, if you have the strength then it is good to write, it is bad if you did not write to me or do not show it to me. Those who like it, write whatever they can do. Those who find it practical, then write. If you like it or do it practically, then this is the year when anger, courage, how do you keep the bathroom.  How she keeps her clothes, how she keeps her kitchen, how she keeps her house, what does she do, don't you judge that you have given birth to a son, his plot has not been registered, plot means advertisement, a plate here, history, you have a bit electronic, less built a house, do n't know  You Will Tell Bathroom Size Kitchen Size Orientation Size After Mother's Day Take Subscribe Not Her Through Subscribe Children Children Through Souls Medium High Mean Dress Totka waala jo kya hai hundred percent positive feedback hai that she is already tasty so this one is on robert st people very very happy dashain politics for many years for this sex very good thank you