Hello friends, today's topic is very interesting, there will be a chance to see it till the end and actually there will be a chance and what to do, the topic is real estate and share market and I said that I did not compare both of them, I normally do not believe much in comparisons.  Because we people of Haryana do not speak like this to the people of Haryana, here also uncle has eaten Gulab Gulab Jamun, if he will eat again, then we will give this answer, your dishes are one bowl, you cannot give both, it is okay because it is too much brother, it is an hour. Gulab Jamun is fine bhai bhai taste bhi vs gulab jamun vs kheer is ok white jalebi vs something oil is ok but if it is ok then see the extraction also and if logic gives exemption then he will discuss both the things and will see that I have given it to Khan.  What is the difference between these blinds? How to use both of them? It is very interesting and it is exactly like the rest seen on YouTube. Brother, I would have shown you a sale on rental in this and the equity is one and a half percent. It is long term, that is why it is not a type, you will get the content that it is regional and down to earth and it will do a lot in real life that it will be understood by you because if the share market is so great and you always invest then it would have fallen right now, buy it right now. Send your house and buy it and those who share this knowledge, if the stock market is long-term, then sell it then buy your house, it is okay, don't keep the correction, you are not able to do it, this is the biggest difference, okay, the share market runs on speculation.  is real estate  There is speculation in the share market too, people come in less money in the long term, less people come in the short term and lose it, similarly in real estate too, people come in less and get it done. If you are in the stock market, you get the derivatives feature option in  You are trapped in all the affairs and then Molu, like real estate in Germany, you fall behind commercials, go into fancy products at office for years, here too you will laugh like real estate in Gurgaon.  If you buy it commercially, you will laugh in a way, if you buy an SDO, you will laugh in a way, do people buy this, buy this, people earn money because people earn this money, some thoughts, they are also earning in the sale of option A derivative.  Question is, video is made for average person, video is made for 95%, video is not made for exceptional 3%, 90 cent people lose money in this facility.  Fees to get no differences in real estate, which I will also tell you as an example and what you have to do today Share Market Download Normally, you should keep going on the website, if you want youth, then my device is a little deep, if in which after listening at the upper level, second third  Arundhati Dhru and will type 'misunderstood'. If you do not understand then type what I am going to tell you and if you have understood then do it like this, 'understood from you' and 'misunderstood from us' is fine.  Yes, use it, if you understand what I am saying, you have to see what needs to be done, this dam was there and what will happen is it a different thing and Holika, how can I believe that when there is another thing then it is right in the market if it is of good company.  Valuation goes down, shares are down, should be bought, there is no problem, the advisor is absolutely right, okay, but is this happening, but in this dynasty, second thing, this auspicious obstacle, big money which is lost in 2 years, at the time of Ayurveda, people talked a lot about it.  If you have invested then it goes into real estate and then it runs away from real estate and it is also visible. In real estate, you can use librate in mutual funds and keep investing Rs. 500, 1000, 15000, 20000, but can you use it in the month of June? Normal in Retail Man What Input Dynasty or Input Leave Lakh Unit One Loan Foot Bridge Loan SMS DFC Bank Will Give Me Alone to You for Buying a  Property But Will Not Give A Loan To You To Buy It's Own Company's Set Set Flight Videos And Disturbs Set Different All Friends Peepalkhunt Rather In Real Estate To Rental This 1.5 One Buy To Day Tech Mumbai Riots In Mumbai Rain On Doobegi Delete Rates In Tips in Case of Affordable Housing Units in Delhi and Zara Rate Cities vs in Western End  Double inflation from Eastern Grid is very high, Friends 883, 225 starts in Noida, 4% Leela Pretty Little Peeth Par St. After 16-8-2016, Friends, they will get back, brother, don't people give example of Janakpuri DDA flat treatment and MIG.  Flats MIG Flat Which Has Brot In A 2.5 Lakh Freelancing 98280 Brother's rent today is four and a half lakhs, he is getting one fifty percent rentals, he is not getting one and a half percent, he had taken a loan, his loan was hidden in eight years and he is getting this money.  But he is earning monthly rental by putting it in mutual fund but he is earning for 15 minutes. No one will tell you how Mangal Pravesh can be created, no one will understand. Both these asset classes have to be you have to never make one here and I would say to the youngsters, many people are misguiding you from here that you should move quickly in your syllabus and you should not buy a house only on the maximum set. Because when you buy a house, you can glare at your boss, you can change the job as per your wish, you can become self-reliant, yes, you can take a loan for 2223 years, you can get married with water.  Curry 7 8 9 10 years you will have to do slavery. In 27 28 years, if you abuse a lot and harass you, it does n't feel so bad. Gradually in 3334, your hair starts turning grey. Two children are born. Your status as a father increases a little. In the eyes of the society, you are growing at a young age, then there is a problem in the post office, then people who have their own houses for more intrinsically free and psychology.  And on emotionally free to take decision, keep them left with the friend and tell him in the middle and take life, then car, then foreign country and make them slaves of people of age group, this is what Illuminati wants, I am not saying anywhere that you should be in equity. You have to put in this, you have to play all these games, you have to make a best one by playing all these games, you have also opened the development like this, okay, so if yours is not made in such a way that in 15 years they are saying that you can do this, this will be the solution.  If you lose your job then first pay Rs.25000 as rent and then if you want to do your work from home or go to your small town then if you buy a house then you will always get help from parents in law and wife in every body and brothers.  Sisters Ripley: You get money, some get it on loan, some get it as a blessing, some get it as free funds, some get leverage, some get income tax rebate, that money is collected. And your money gets reduced a little. Instead of Creta, you work on the design. It's okay and by the time it becomes your asset, you start investing the rent that you save in it and then you  If you go to a lot with your friend, then what I have told you in the market today, what I want to tell you through a real time example, in Gurgaon, this is the only one that I have done, I am telling you with a classic example that this is  Approach Related Inequities Have a Monthly Income Plan MRP Plan Cents on Valentine Only You Give the Best Money Goals in Three and Furious and You Have to Be Just Arrow Keys Just Arrow Keys Monthly Dates All Cents Percent Problem Generally Property and Arrow will go to rest place  If you have a position then a loan will come on your head but till that time you will have made whatever amount you could have made alone and this will be the amount.  You are investing in your mutual fund and if the market does well in the next three-four years, then you are again in health and from here, your wealth becomes 40-4550 in 1 minute. By hiding that time zone, this is your perfect for besides. Then if you get that thing, if you live in it yourself, then there will be rent left or rent will come. Whatever rent will be left or rent will come, then start investing it in mutual funds and share market and then  You start your mother's song torch and this is the set of the state, he does not care about your thirty percent, in 3 months, in two months, an event has happened, just Russia has typed on Ukraine, it was related, it was not so quick, it means anything.  Gaya is not available, it is okay, the table is long term stable and there is a lot of inflation and 8th and 9th day, it fulfills the end use requirement of any person, it is okay and also for social status.  It is necessary for the security of the white also if the husband has something this sponge fixing on this YouTube channel on one crore which you took a term insurance also against a something happens only houses near that you will Bigg Boss house will also appreciated something  Powder in Something Happens Account Se Board Mutual Fund Something Happens You Want To Update  You don't get one rupee extra, so many people have spread emotional ad really so much that the one who survives in white house does not understand and sm talking of delhi people also 1678 flirting money in the till shainvi putting butt skin calcium  Report Vikas Related So who will see the arrest? There comes a time when what kind of mind will Khanna have? Even celebs can't see the ad and by calling you the OTP was small and then you will get it by ATM.  There is no house to withdraw money, Vestige picks up the house and takes it away. If there is some loan pending on this house, its papers are with the bank, then it is from Lifelong and ten percent of it is in the name of one of your children. If there are exams, then special how you.  Have to approach real estate without this is Amazon, it is not right to go too heavy because the times that are coming have never come before, so does it mean that too much should come in it, no of course not. You Have To Have A Healthy Balance But It Is To Generate Cash Loans From 1st Attempt In Another And They Need A Grown Up To Particular Size You Have To Have Another Aspect And You Have To Have Cash Giving S8 And Again Play But Money Into Equity Shares Are Not Against Death YouTube To  100 likes this using both with just giving vansham catastrophic wwc2 used  That when your child went to college, the market crashed by 30 percent, then look at this, it is your daughter's marriage, this higher education will be ruined, which is something very important, Tilak to use, we have understood half of this place. More then type this else wise I do n't understand at all I don't understand at all I don't understand at all Nath ji is working in a mutual fund Mutual fund is correct so it is a case of small Okay so this is the front that one thing  It is not right that there is exposure within the asset class and that the sooner you make a move in the big asset class, the more that asset class will be created. If by decision you remain in the class and see the message correction there, then you will only oppose real estate.  It may be that they are doing the opposite Dr. Advice When You're Young By Real Estate First Major Solid Base And Start Getting Into What People And By The People Unwanted Pimples And Looks  That is, when you reach office, like the recipe and he will make it, yes, he will cast a spell on Rs. 5,000 and will cast it for so many days, but Papa, if you cast Rs. 15,000 at fifteen percent every month for 15 years, then one crore will go to you, you will have one crore, but it will be worth one crore.  Brother, tell me also what will be the value and the same thing, if I buy a flat or buy a property, then the rent that is coming and I start paying that every month and that is the value of my property and both.  Add them and separate the risk portion of both and calculate the return points. Will Surprise Hussain Figure: Everyone takes two percent more interest in a loan and that too we do that a person gives a loan for 15-20 years.  Will remain whereas the loan gets finished first, whatever their calculations are, they are doing it wrong, they are doing it wrong, you tell me and you also watch the videos of the rest because they are on this channel.  But you are doing something man, I am telling you because I am not for GB road, you take your paper pen and calculate often, I am giving you template and idea, so what do you do and show it on this site. And when you see that formula, the answer is A, then you believe that I am right, but the examinations are long, at the admission level, I have taken the junction of one and have not even taken the religion of the other, and in the other, I have not taken that.  Sara  Said that it will be eaten, everything will go into maintenance, the tent will not be given, everything will get spoiled and depression will occur and nothing will be found till I can even use the things mentioned in the case two review, now the life of the acid will be 125 years.  If this is the whole landscape situation change my home audience especially my device has been successful in understanding the audience and will utilize this thing then are you have sent more secure you  Will Feel Emotionally Diet Emotionally Security Will Make You Earn More Money If not this back side then pick up yours and go from here to there, from there it is your home, now you will also be seen in the form of yellow comment, there is a job, there will be a video on that also someday Kitty Peene  What is the benefit of this and for every 5 ten fifteen percent increment that you change the face again and how big is the loss in this, I will also calculate and tell you because.  You are only watching here, I am getting 2220 rupees for ₹ 100, we will pick it up and go to Bangalore, what happens after going there to Bangalore, if you want a video on that, then please write in here, I will link up with the job.  I will make a video also, thank you hey ugh