Hello friends, today's topic is Ho in middle class wives control mother, before this a video has been made, you all must have seen it in which there was control in middle class wives, I had announced the same in it, I will tell you in the same way in twister tweet also.  There will be a thriller too and I will send a very big message, I will send a very big message, this will be a very big message, please everyone, it is okay to see what is there in the actual, so how did you control the vibes in this earlier?  I will start with three, the first one was very simple, I did it, if you have not seen that then please I will give a link in the description in the comment area or in the I etc. You must watch the very first one, watch that first and  Look at this, I make things in a balanced manner, I am neither a pro man nor a pro women, I am a mirror of what is happening in the society. Okay, earlier women used to control men, it was done in a very subtle way, there was a long drone process, you know that today. test in the language of  You can compare it with the match, like the test match progresses, there are 5 days long innings, what is happening these days, what is wrong with it and if there is that message in me, then you will definitely get it, so how did women do earlier and these men.  It is a must watch and I, the new women, that is, new in the sense of young, have to watch them and the old women also have to enjoy, who are a little older in future. Marriage used to happen in the beginning, it seemed that the husband is dominating in the house.  There used to be dominating, there was also atrocities, the story had to progress gradually, women used to enslave their husbands by becoming their slaves, this curtain dynamics happened in India, there was a lot of war, no one is going to tell because mom is mom, papa, papa, there was a lifelong part dynamic in mummy. Then both of them learned to remain silent and there has been a lot of moral corruption in the sense that today, the previous generation lived very lowly on the ground, the mothers had a lot of  Is it like this, father was economics lip, mummy didn't have much choice, mummy had mummy and many like that, if you are looking for it, then I want to know you, slowly and gradually, women did not allow their husbands to do anything, from building towers to buying clothes.  From taking a woman to washing, to eating on the table, everything. The husband felt that he was winning. The husband felt that he was under control. The husband felt that he was a slave. The husband felt that he brings money but he spent his time slowly. His dependency on his wife has gone to such an extent that he cannot live without her for the next 5 days. This is a big trick in life, not in husband-wife relationship, not in any relationship. This part plays out in politics, this part plays out in office.  The dynamic gets played out everywhere and the breath has been getting played out for many years. It has been happening in the royal court too. Make the king so dependent that he cannot live without you. Only then do many people get power. They cannot become emperors directly.  For example, even within the family, the woman never became the main power while the husband was there, but she definitely had the feeling that the husband was controlling her, the husband was deciding, but such a situation used to happen in some marriages.  The story in 10 years was only 15 years of patience, that's why I am saying Test match, that's why it was a relief that she was so patient that even she had the intelligence to shout after 5-10-15 years even in her groups.  It used to be painful for his dependencies to increase, slowly, slowly, slowly, with love and hard work, and what was wrong with that, we are not judging anyone, making anyone useless, oh my, slowly, very slowly, slowly, when we reach a stage,  That husband used to hit 50, she had two children, be it two boys, a boy or a girl, I have two daughters, their sympathy also went towards the mother, it literally looked like atrocities were happening, it was not that it was happening deliberately.  It was an accepted torture that yes, I will grind, I will do it like this here, it used to be 70 out of 100, no one is doing that, but 70, which used to be 1995, is not difficult to show, by doing this a kid has been born.  Among the children of this generation, for their father and because their father was an idiot, they were being punished, they get very nice shoes, they get slippers, they get clean bathrooms. All this was going on as if it is a property as I had told in it, the husband names the property thinking where the wife will go, no matter the caste, does Amy pay her rent or is the rent not an enjoyment, this happens in the beginning. Nothing happens till 15-20 years, but as the age of 50-55 years is crossed, brothers and sisters, now that property is in the name of the woman, the magic story is no more but now the dynamic starts shifting towards her because like the husband.  Only money is desired, now look at this, I am the dark side, society and I talk about all these things, people get distracted, many people will look at you like Anand, some will look at you like a thriller movie, some must have once had this politics layout in their home.  Will check it and sometimes what happens is like it is shown in the movies, the eyes open later because they must have been open from the middle of this video and different people watch it on different groups, I know the channel is quite popular.  is and such  Content is a secret, no one can make someone someone else's, because by observing so much of the society, they know those things, no this idea, date this think, this is playing out in some way, but these words are of no use because no one gets distracted, how can they open up?  If we talk about it, the men tried their best, I told the test match, first innings, then his first innings, then second innings, who would have won the match and I, then as the earning potential of a man decreases, his fourth innings also decreases.  His bullying is less, children tend to be less, 95% of the time there is a promoter in any house, if you want to vote then you will cast a blind vote. Mother's mother has made a lot of sacrifices and when does the father let her loose in the settled way, fathers.  Didn't get to know because they are also ill-behaved, they have also shown bullying, they have also shown their bow to earn money and where the money will be locked or not, they have also shown that they are mothers who make sacrifices to each other.  The idol is getting accumulated and that money is being earned slowly and gradually, as if it comes to its senses in a minute, when the father retires, look at these days, this is the truth of life, any couple above 60 years of age can see  Take, you will get more HD in your wife's name, find some excuse for that, you were made earlier, you were made later, it is okay to boil it in income tax rebate, look at the property, let's do everything slowly and gradually, and if I win, now this is an affair.  this first  It used to be that nowadays girls do not have patience, they want to make T20 matches, boys want to be like their mother, they are like ours, brother, this is wrong, do n't look for too many boys, you have to look for boys like this.  Who should see you as a partner, how can I give you the grand message in the future, what will happen exactly after two-four minutes, but you have to see that for example, if your wife makes you very dependent on her things because earlier husbands have In the matter of money, in the matter of driving a car, there is also a story, in the matter of life, in the matter of lack of independence, after not learning the internet, as a person becomes very dependent on someone, he becomes his slave, this is a big truth of life and today's women also get jobs.  She also teaches them how to drive a car, today she teaches them, that means they are okay with it and money is working, investment is also a thing, that means earlier the mother's dependence on men is not that of a woman, so now she does not feel such great shocks as her husband.  Is it to be enslaved, does not seem worthy of making a name, money is also useful, properties have become such that the women who are now living in the families, their previous generation had less life experiences and they were not so rich either.  Because the country itself was poor, then this PF, those who are parents and have sons, daughters-in-law, son-in-law etc., will sit on their assets till the age of 9095. Irony of inheritance.  But now it was a very popular video, you have to watch it and search for it on the channel. By the time you get it, you will be 60-65 and that carrot will always keep on controlling by showing like this, see this, this is this, this is this, because this economics situation is like this.  It is believed that the new generation is an asset, not a created power. Either they will be forced to wear it in their parents' house or the assets that their parents have become and have become, appear as a sizeable carrot in front of them because their Salary 30 40 50 60 thousand ₹ 1 lakh is father's dead money. Friends, these days nothing comes in big cities, it is okay, Delhi, Gurgaon or Mumbai, Pune or big lions and even small lions, money is lying today, where is that child from?  It seemed, and I am talking about a very small thing, if it is a Kothi Kothi then the tax is also worth Rs 5,6,8,10 crores and in Delhi, you know, okay, so this thing is now dynamic.  The new girls who are playing out and getting married do not have the patience, they say, brother, walk properly from now on, live properly, do the right thing, they do not have the patience that we are like your mother, they will play innings like Rahul Dravid type or if it comes then it means.  First ball came, 15 overs were made old, it's okay, he took out swing, then took a few singles, then T20 is not in the square, it is about capturing from the beginning, either you are like this and you don't have this patience, that's why there is a problem in marriages.  And men don't even know how to play the match, now only women are deciding and this is the biggest confusion of the society and it is at the infection point. I am trying to understand it very clearly from the example. Yes, what I am trying to give in the message with which I will add is that these days it is very clear that boys are not like girls and girls are also not like boys, this is a fact of life if you compare with the first generation. Because the need of the first generation was like this, the society was like this and it was a tight affair, it was conventional etc., so she was definitely the one, I would say that you do not need your wife, your wife does not need you, she is the one you want to live with, you love her, yes.  Yehi Pyaar Hai was a song was n't it Yehi Pyaar Hai Yes Yehi Pyaar Hai As long as it is very necessary That's slavery That's delivery That's a power dynamic Play out those hard power dynamics too much In the previous generation That generation knows that  How has the husband tried his best to control his wife? Torture along with mother also got over the tradition. What is called when D time comes, it was a nice and lovely picture. Okay, so that redemption means the umpire has come again and has so much patience. 20  -To have children for 25-30 years, to show them to the children, to understand them, to gradually shift the leverage towards themselves and then the husband realizes it, only then they become their parents, who they are.  You see the parents who kept fighting in front of you all their life or the atrocities kept happening on mom and mom's own cry was a relief at one stage when they crossed 65 and 70 they have one language because of caste both have become so corrupt.  He relies on others, he relies on his father, I cannot survive without him and he has taken a Shivgami type approach as if it was inside Baahubali, my word is the rule, so in many houses I am mine.  Word is governance, time is where service is lacking, Kami ji type is the character of Baahubali, Ramya ji's such case is going on, it is okay and there are many fathers out there who, now the poor people, they kill him like this, in the police station, they kill him like that, right in anger. But those fathers have become very much like that, so I have won the mother's victory, which is a good thing, but the mother is not happy because making someone a slave was a bad thing for the father, who made him behave badly in the beginning, but he won.  also of  Did you find that he does n't love sex at all and maybe he is from the previous generation which is being called materialistic or something, this is a better generation. I believe that if humanity and humanity has to move forward then every generation to come. Honey is better than the previous one, those are the different things, the previous generation will not be visible to itself but the generation because it will take time for the new generation to figure things out, just like us, we will help them in clearing the question paper.  There are many people, what is the problem with me, the audience is very difficult, sour, other vices, I have 25 40 50 lakh subscribers, my dear, I get angry with the content, sometimes men get angry, sometimes children get angry, sometimes girls get angry, caste.  Do you ever have a girl because that July is everyone's, who does this on the road, I look like a secret mirror, right, it is only those who enjoy, who see these colors of life.  We have to open the planets, we have to open the notes, we have to have some deep understanding of life and we have to see whether yes or we will get relief because these topics can go on for an hour for me, but do we also have to discuss among ourselves that this is life, we are our families.  This is what happened in me: Put embarrassment on the family group, we will run away, small people can do the truth which will be shown on the face, there was a lot of hesitation, father did this and then pressed the effort film, many people who  We are natural people, we are natural people, they will accept that yes, we tried to enslave you, but your mother served so much and did so much, we have become slaves, okay, do it like this and apply it easily, then maybe that bitterness will come out and even today I want As many couples as I love, Abraham's age has passed away while fighting for me, as per the concentration of reverse merit counseling where they say that children approach, friend.  Parents keep fighting even in our 60s and there is so much butter, they don't go and correct themselves, that is power, the things that happen, the new generation is so much butter, only think confused because they have not seen their parents happy because of marriage thoughts, the same  Awaken this conscience, awaken your wisdom, people have less and I ask for more. Okay, now I have to tell you my reasoning, is n't it?  It is a matter of fact that there was no Bhaiya Ghat, but here also the matter was not very simple and after doing that case, when they know that it took 20 years for this man to enslave the husband, when he sees that the new My darling from Navali is ready to be born in 20 days, so today I am in a deep breath, I have struggled so much, this is how he got the I.T.I.M. job, which means he will iron his clothes. Press it, do it, do it, now go and do it. You see how many men and women say with great pride, one more thing, my husband cannot live without me even for five days, this is not a source of pride, this is a very worthless couple.  It means that if a husband cannot survive without his wife, he will not be of any one party, no one is big for one gender, no one is good, but one thing is wrong on the circumstances and we never understand that dynamic.  Also, it is not necessary that a person who is not a very good husband may be a good father. Some person may be a very good husband but may be a good father. Some person may be a lady or a good wife. She may have power but perhaps the mother may not be that good. She is relative because some person may be a very good husband.  Ca n't stay in place, there is too much lord. Look at relationships as they are. Don't forcefully look at bad and good. Don't forcefully go into the past and say no, it was very good or very bad. I want to say with great certainty in my experience, which is a lot of experience. I have seen that people who claim that they were so happy 15 years, 20 years ago, they are not so happy in any one situation, this is a very big fact and if you do journaling, you have to write a diary, you have to write a story about emotions too.  If you have to write these days, there is so much digital media in the future, then you will always be concerned with this thing, you cannot write a list every day, whoever wants the list of the month, brother, the month of June 2023 was my game and these were my emotions, this was happening with me.  What was happening in relationships So when you see date after 456 years you have a clear view of what and you are thinking what they are going through because they are my people they will bring both of them and they will blur your thought process Sambdi hoon remember things and  I teach my clients and people how to do consultation, do this, you will get more grip of life, otherwise you will always  It will feel like you will either be a very exploitative fool or live in a very red wonderland that you don't even know about. You will feel that I was very good, people around me were also good, I too would not have done good to people, life is never  Ever on D Extreme Life is always going on in the middle but we want to make it easy by forcefully taking it to the exchange because it is easy for us to understand because venue make n think hot and cold so the thing has been understood and HMT  Black and white is the human brain and the thing about tea is simple but life is also not simple because now if you journal it then you will know how did you like this video, how did you like the messaging, please share, like, thank you.