Shravan ok so topic case how to deal with tom kuch log before they deal with them disease in our lives where 2012 first identify a what is this 4 how do you release their voices toxic and this and how much remedies are toxic and is there any fault of yours in this  That is, if you understand, then the first thing is that we have to see something in it and what stops us from doing right this after  The authority pass which we have been taught since childhood is to hold our elders to a very high level, this is our slavery mentality, this thing of this country is not taught in western countries for good touch, bad touch and touch and I swear, these days you have some in our schools too. But we have always been taught this commission naturally, only then Baba will say a little something and then when that suppressed child comes to the society, then he cannot become a hero Hiralal on the very first day or throughout his childhood.  If pressed then learn first A Parents Please Option Point Stop suppressing your children, stop telling them what is right and what is wrong without their permission, ask them what they understand, tell them it is okay, otherwise these are the biggest things, otherwise you will be taken.  For a ride and what happened to give, I want to explain it with an example. If you get a little distracted then look at Guru Tattva, forgive me, am I in a DTC bus or with a girl?  Molestation is touching. If these girls accept it as normal that they are everyone's friends, then I accept this, show me lots of time, include it, make it very big, this was it, I had to use it a lot, plays sisters, download the app, now someone on the research unit.  The girl comes from another city, comes from small stars, it happens to her for the first time that the option, very disturbing series, mode of boys, good fast, what nonsense is happening with AIIMS, in whose PG she lives.  She lives in a hostel and on a group, he says, friend, this is what happened, I am not justifying it, I am telling a bigger thing than the example, this is the biggest business of a toxic boss, this is the example and the reason why that example never happened, well sister you know the end  Follow there toxic boss, who is the fastest by sending a notice to him, this problem is the first one, he will be the first one, if you have any problem, then someone else will. This is not a problem, it is a problem only for you, it is not a problem for anyone else, this is a big weapon that has helped many people to get away with new sense in people like just Vikash, many people in this country, director of restaurants, you help us learn from our mothers and sisters.  I am pressing a man today, our mothers and sisters are very happy on this day that I am like this when I marry my wife and the girl is standing and  Boys have become the king, I feel from inside that my India is changing, there is nothing wrong in breaking relationships, I have boys and there are tears of blood today because they thought that girls will take nonsense because for thousands of years, boys have not.  If the mother took it, the girl's wife would not take it, if she did not take it, then our mothers and sisters, yes, Lucknow India and the men were not able to understand how long it would take for me to wash the house, for the wife to go and eat here, it is a big pain, brother, now I  I will help in that but I am telling you as an example that should we learn from our mothers and sisters, if we sent it a little late then now we have been taxed for 5,000 years, 2 years ago the situation was different, dinner and soldiers are now like this without the  Man time you will not sign up and learn from that solve any way toxic boss became very happy will I ask you again if this is what you are engaged in then write how are you feeling ID enjoyed it great useless  Now you can write what I told you, it is not so, I have disturbed someone, I have spoken bad to someone, and Teg has become a fighter pilot of India, which is the great thing, but man, you are fog, you become like a woman, friend, you are more like women than me.  And use amitphysique And now Navratri has ended, nine goddesses have been worshiped and so you are fine, stand up women are standing up, it is all in our country, these boxes are fooling you, they are making noise in your life. How to do 825 to them. A definition of the toxic box of these defaulters. When did you want to eat in the morning? When did you eat? What were you doing? Why didn't you pick up the phone at night? Why didn't you have a meeting at 10:00? Why is n't there a meeting? It's Monday. Drink water.  This is heating, go at night and wish like this. There will be two types of toxic. 1. One whose personal life has become miserable, he himself does not know how to sugarcoat his life. And her merit is not suitable, this but nothing to look for more than two years in married life in any way, you all can understand what are the things in married life, children have nothing to do with it, it is for parents.  As soon as the heart beats, you can check the background of this person on Jhajjar force, it will be one team, you can get toxic biscuits and the other idli.  This will be my professional life Jhingalala, my wife is like this, my children, children, your children, population is fine, set everything and eat, the guy falls asleep, it is then 11:00, it becomes 1 o'clock, I do n't know at what time he goes to study tuition to his daughter. And he sits in your office because he has to be picked up at 3:30. It's time for you to go. Now he will give some features in your life. The light has come on, what happened to his report, is it not activated? Will he make a  Message setting on virtual Have been identified with that time Singh Gurjar is disappearing You can't say and it's time for you to go Then he has come He has made his routine like this Time is limited to a few controls One controller show live If you have such a feeling  It is coming that you have been controlled, this is the lighting duty on 100, I, if you like many people, then this man does not let you have lunch, this man does not let you have lunch, that topic is a very small edition.  You tell me brother, one and a half to two, how much time does it take for me to eat, 5 minutes? Hey, we are aliens, we are cool, brother, we will eat food in 4 minutes, okay, it will be very good for him, then it is okay, Hmm Hmm, that is not to be a request of the world, we keep our stomach healthy.  That we are after pain, we are working, okay, so if no one is giving you the time to eat food at 1.30 to 2 o'clock, then he is the definition of a toxic boss. Only okay what you are to with his cause notice to the city in alone find me standing at that time big possibility if not then stop and below to know you time alone with you many are ready to listen all because they are not insulted  Arun is feeling that this is going to cost me petrol, but everyone is not going to do it, if only he would stop doing 2 inches at most. Don't do anything stupid. Have you ever heard about the toxicity of a toxic boss? Many people need to discuss with him. You don't have to stay apart for a long time, go and send it to him, hello, listen, I feel that you are messed up, this will be the first answer, and if someone feels otherwise, then tell him, sir, and someone may have some compulsion, maybe he is as talented as I am. Joginder Kaur also indulges in sycophancy to the talented. 62 I rely on sycophancy, I need time for this thing, this is my boundaries, please don't do it, I have to eat one food.  If you don't go home on time, then there will be no conflict again, youth 1957, if there is no interest, then whatever action you take, you take it, now many of you will say, hey man, if he gets fired from the job, then you should relax that you love him.  Not only because of your level, if you are fired from the job on just this matter, then if your level is so low that the letter D will fire you on such a matter, then wait a little to take active desktop to City Accept You Are. small creature  Which is not great you drama, you are helpless and you understand about a helpless person but if you are not then you can say this, this will find him evidence against and tried to Guddu second thing, you have to maintain social distance from this person when you know. He is toxic, he will become friendly to you, he will come to you, he will also become an option entry, sit and send a hot turn, I will read this, it is not that he will remain like this throughout, he will come, you are my brother, my work. After just for work I'm like this man Outside of work on the gram And spent Sleeping on the bed Dancing In my bathroom Everywhere TV Man is never different This thing so remember this is the lens to escape That yes I  If yes, then I am fine here. No-no, it ca n't be like this, it's fine, no man can say this, husband can't say that [ __ ] the boys, I am decent at home, I can't do like this here, the man is ill-mannered, a thief, he is dirty.  knowledge has to be hit I make a salary when the talk is from the city, this is a return, he will not have his own personal life, I can explain it to you people with an example, have you ever heard that this person was a psychopath and an impotence, Meena and he used to visit women or any woman, hour smooth Here you search, he had some issues, it happens one in a million, but this is one impotence, I will talk about one here, this is zero, this is normal, this is also very big in between, it is important, any  A man can fit into this program, here, here, this is a big thing, he is a man, and someone will say that erection is a big reason of frustration among men, which the society does not even discuss, no one even lives.  No, you have nothing to do with him, he has the look to make crores, he doesn't do any work from home to look forward, now he gets excited after seeing you, the idea of ​​balance and Euronews bank is on this bike, okay, this is what I am telling you.  If anyone understands what I want to say, then write the same on the recording. If even 24 understand then I will assume that everyone has understood. Okay, this is a big issue, no one discusses it, you should know, it just happens, you do not treat it.  You can but you will accept that prince that he has it, then you can take treatment to avoid it, I will tell you how you should understand him, you have to keep social distance from such a person, you should never invite such a person to your house, who is there in your house and what? nothing to do with  Anytime he will invite you to his Friday party that Bond Word Research, you can also be like this, so if you make eye contact, then see what you like, okay, then you will not only get a lot of free credit in that party.  The company will pay and we will have fun and I will come with God Boss, you are putting a lot in your plate, what do you have to do, that is my friend's or some friend's son's market to me, hey, you never come when I have to come or  then wash your head have a stomach ulcer  That stomach ulcer and always works because it will work in the bank will work together will work email call comment sleep after drinking half the bottle first and because of myself have fun with Abbas Preeti will stay away from him just like you stay away will not be  Able to Raxaul is preferred because while forgetting to write on our own, in how many of our colleges will I tell the police about our married life tube and because we are the only ones who make friendships?  Friendship set work place, many people will be disturbed by this, why not, friend, I have a good friend, then I will have to suffer, did you know about your words, who knows about this, you catch yours, don't you catch my English on Netflix, that is, watch this. Kind of old, I used to watch it many years ago, used to hold Yagya Light's shirt, it's anything but you, 750 hour tube, you speak English quickly, when you come on handcuffs, not you, chakra, that's what you  Said, you can be tested, if something like this happens, then you have to make this device that if you have become a king in life, have a personality like a king, do not talk to everyone, if something has happened to you, then tell me one more gift about this very place. A dutiful thing to go to a level and to tell on the recording is to believe, to tell is intoxicating, to go wearing new underwear and vests and they should never get spoiled and no one sees the shots, no one sees these three things  Great you know I've worn a tattered good meeting vest before or tattered software I'm now very consumer my love and okay there's a lot of logic on this too hey things but today you a special point airplane work your clothes should be slightly  Better than cross and reticulated now which this quality and shirt is easy 10 2018 tube well more than 1500 expensive left for street food quality and son once  Investment, he made India's first ₹ 5000 ₹ 4000 shoes auspicious stand that you should stand contact person, tell you its logic only after that otherwise you are ragging in this logic, not that you will be your own driver, you must have seen the driver or  This will be a PN, this will be a tea server, this will be a lift operator, this will be whatever people work at that level, till now I haven't told you anything, first of all, this will be whoever works at this level.  When people have problems, they put them somewhere in their mind that, this is like this among those people who dress themselves as little batteries, they are the average of all the people, they are like that who do the work which I told, their particular average is different from this average.  The change is a little like the one above, he gets respected at his place, he is working, he becomes a little like this, if he is a driver too, then he will reveal the truth, he is wearing a good white shirt, he took a deep breath, he is fine, many people are busy writing the ID.  also happening  Please write down here, okay, this is the link, in the meeting, this you will not tell you that he is not asking you for body language channel power dressing, that you are going with expensive lipstick, nail polish, you are doing this, tube yes, yes.  Confident of stress, your stomach is protruding too much, your belt will be like this, it becomes like this, okay, the belt is kept like this, that button of the stomach is opening like this, this picture is very big things, which you press and it will keep increasing, this is just  Feeling That the control is with me because you are not getting time to exercise, it will appear from your body that you are not getting time for your grooming, then I will find you but when you remain like this, always talk to drops in. English all of us no English in such a way their colors are there but when they want to speak in English cricket team by mistake but racial tanning dark present speak in English tubes speak in Hindi to you and image  Speaking will bring notification 61 Formal language that distance The moment and new When we talk to someone in Hindi, we become a little close, it is okay and if someone has his own mother tongue, now mail Kerala, it is Malayalam, it is okay, if I am Kannada, then give more friends.  And in Punjabi you can find the web quote which is Punjabi, they will try to talk to you in Punjabi, some Haryanvi typed at the time, people think of their type in it.  Who has this week? This Pasha is in pain. Many of your caste too, everyone from some caste has taken it. What is there in the caste, is there any reason to be against it? Now let Sanjay also understand that I too am, I am.  That Pimples Akash and Events During Dosti Indies 2021 settings also used to be a part, okay now it doesn't happen, I am giving this new navigation to you guys, so I am also against you because Of the part police but I would like it like this tree to garden madrasa watching so that when your boss ever calls time chilli crores of people busy advanced it got sucked on talking to him over time bus Meghvar and Megh se boss its pottery pillar politics of terror system  Don't do after cooling, at many other places we spend so much time and after that we have to work with you in class working. No matter how big you are, tell your personality like, brother, I am five.  Till half a minute of the ringing, you do this but pass it to him for a pumice oil minute. After that, what do you have to do? You have to do the same in times office, so what have to be done at office time, at office time, your computer laptop, you must have got some system, you have your  The data has to be kept well so that whenever you get any work, you already have that repair and you do not need to do the work so quickly, that work takes so much time, but at the same time, keep beating yourself up and thinking. Be in the office whenever in your life Get time for me, don't go and smoke that cigarette with anyone, don't go and use the education of tea, don't use the basket, don't finger the phone, we make the biggest toxic boss big by discussing it, whoever we hate will become powerful and this huge state will become big.  That's why many politicians smoke cigarettes so that Hussain can be hated. Whenever you make someone an object of ridicule, his anger will end and if you make him an object of your hatred, then you know this in Indian Politics. By example, those who have old Indian knowledge, those who do not do free creative, then make them a character of pass, when you become an object of ridicule or you are not taken seriously, the day you fall, till the time you speak, when will it come? Mother says How was Babbar doing to the child? I hope any of you had seen Sholay. It is not that it must be a very old movie and you people have not seen Any Badi Hussain Chole Android His Home and Office Installed in.  Ubuntu Yogambar Singh Typing Sir ji and Babbar and this cloak, do you know that it is fifty miles away from the mother, she says children, go to sleep otherwise Gabbar will come, how much is the reward on Gabbar, so a reward of 40 thousand per pan, we have made news that  Pass it down, like the Aam Aadmi Party, we are Hanuman, when everything is down and job can also go down, in such a situation, you mix the power, if you keep making it and for that power, then social distance has to be maintained.  And I have taken a cup of sugar on the issue of who will stay and spend the unnecessary expenses comfortably. Both the husband and the wife should work and spend. The man may even lose his job when you do such things. When I start seeing the topic,  So for that you will have to grind the mill for 60 years, but if you do your job like this, then to get distressed from that waste, you have to really drink, you want to know the country immediately, you need a vacation, you also have time.  If you want every single thing, then you will spend all your money in it. In that, it is not important how much money you earn, it is important how much you save. Now instead of looking at you, you select a job. There is a point for children too.  When you select a job, you see in which job the money is visible but it is mine and if so much of mine is going away and my body and soul will suffer due to that job and to keep it alive or to keep me motivated, I will have to do so much.  to spend  If it falls, this money is only this much, this is the sign, this is the record of the wicket staff, I will tell you about the job.