Hello friends, this is a very deep video again and you will enjoy it a lot and if you understand this video then brothers and sisters, after just these few minutes you can become a happy person, this is my claim, this is a big claim, the happiness course is one-two. I didn't tell you there also, so here I am going to tell you about those courses for free. If you want to do it, you will get the links in the comment section. If you want to take platinum membership, you can take it through any medium, then start.  Let's say something about happiness but the point is that how Mijbil becomes more, Miz Mable and Remain Mijbil, let's start with the first thing, Neha is my name, I take the example of a girl, Rohit is in the boy, so today Neha  We just catch it, it's an accidental coincidence, it's not about real Neha, this is Neha's life, it's a bit strange Shashiprabha Chan circle because we have a mobile phone Everyone has it, there are many numbers in it, so whenever we are feeling low in life, we are not feeling good, we are feeling alone, we are doing this, so what do we do, we call like this, hello yes, how are you? If you next guy is busy, some other girl is busy or is it okay and you tell her slowly that she is busy in your life and the next guy tells you, she tells you no friend, go to the gym, some say, do yoga, some say. Someone said, do pranayama.  He said, "Okay, eat healthy, anything, if someone tells you good things, and mothers also do this with their children, this kind of video is very deep, it is going to give pleasure to many people, I want to understand what the poet is trying to say."  If you have understood what the poet is trying to say then it is fine superficially if you have watched the video then it is not a request to my videos, do not watch it after doing 1.52, I am not distributing the information, instead of Vaari Kuji, when he writes it himself.  See my video 1.5 Have seen my video 1.5 You will miss the message You will miss the soul of the message because information is not being told brother knowledge is being told. Knowledge should be heard at the same speed because that is the real time you have to think.  For this, I will speak with a micro second or whatever delay you can think of between each word. You will listen and you will understand what I had to say, but nothing will happen in your life. I also give this disclaimer.  I am not talking to someone like this, no one tells you like this, understand it calmly, okay, whenever you ask someone to do a lot, and some middle-aged man comes, okay, then he doesn't listen, he says, "Man, his life is very good."  That's it, he gets cheated, then this Miz Mable man normally matches the second number, there are many numbers, everyone is roaming around with it, okay, then the second one matches the third, with whom are you ultimately paired, you also see, you identification. Well, if you are involved in the same things, then you will abuse or curse together. If mother-in-law's name is a common issue, husband's name is a common issue, if husband's name is a common issue, boss or job's issue, if boss and job are the issue, children are in trouble.  What is the issue in life? Depending on what is that issue, then you are over, you will connect but what is this and Mijbil, the problem is this only, it feels good and sometimes what happens is that every one  A friend has made a very loser friend, you know that he is a declared loser, he can never have any meaning in life, great happiness, it is very useful whenever you want to feel that I have to feel nice about myself brother.  Call him, whether he is Neha's friend or Rohit's friend, whether it is a boy or a girl, you will do something in his life, there is always some sexual activity going on in his life, then after talking to him you start feeling. Nice, this is human psychology, tell me, you will feel like laughing a little, you will feel like crying a little, you will feel like denying a little, it could be you, you too are that loser friend, if you get a lot of calls from Ronu Malo, then never consider yourself a fool.  Take Shahana, understand only when they give money and give consultation, then it is my bread and peas too, but I do not give solutions for free, I am a consultant after taking consultation. I get rid of the problem and make you happy, then now I was going to come to part two which is related to this, brother, what to do now that if you find your wife and daughter and son and husband and any near dear person in your life.  Brother Sister Extremely Close Friend Anybody You Find That They Are in a Pit Pit of Life It is said that one has fallen into a very deep pit  He has fallen in it, he has fallen, so you have to take him out, okay, so if you go there and tell him directly like this, come on, do it like this, he is calling slowly like this, Papa, she is calling like this, hello friend or Rohit.  Or whatever name Neha is giving, only then you come to know that he has fallen into the pit. Well, what is the problem in our life, as soon as we see someone in the pit, we quickly throw the rope or We would quickly come up with something and show it in the old movies, it is a horse, the rope is thrown, then the horse is running away and you are taking out the heroine like this, the hero should not do this, I am also telling you, see the link to this, I have been saying this many times.  I become so happy myself that from where do I get these things, I understand that I like these videos very much, I find my own content lovely and sometimes I feel like praising myself because it is not mine but that thought.  near me  I came and this motivation is my own internal, okay, internal motivation is not given by anyone else, I am the one who is coming and telling you all, if you want to praise the poet, want to like it, then I am giving you a chance now, listen to what I have to say.  I want a dear friend and acquaintance, whoever has fallen in the pit, you are outside, you can see him, he has fallen in the pit, so what is left of us, pick him up, it is okay, he gets saved because I can tell you the way.  I am going to connect Mijbil Souls which is the first thing I told you why is Mijbil Dada because you have already covered it in the first part which I told you earlier, part two is going on which is related to this, you have to jump into that pit. And you have to sit in the pit with him and then tell him how is your brother and how is the pit, do n't tell him that the pit is bad, it is useless, it is good, why did you come to the pit, why did she come here?  There is a hole because that person still does not believe that he is actually in the hole, that is why when you come to him to remove the hole, he feels helplessness and it seems that you are doing a great job, there is a mismatch.  It is said that first he has to fall with her, he has to sit on the side here at that level and then slowly he has to talk, then slowly he will realize that if he has fallen into the pit, he will not be able to go anywhere here.  Here you are not able to move ahead in life, nothing is happening here and how long will you sit here in the pit and you are sitting with him and talking slowly and the pit is nice, tea and coffee are not available here.  We are enjoying, you are enjoying, okay and since when have you been in the pit, you have to talk like this, slowly, that person will open up and only then will he want help, then it's time to fill him with mud, as if it was a story, talk to him slowly.  -to take out slowly  And the rest of the time to help someone, as soon as he is absolutely sure that yes, yes, I want to go, I want to, and he opens himself up like this, then after believing in you like this, then whatever your backup team is, will come and then you  This will take out both of them I hope you are understanding the essence of this video We panic as soon as we see you in the pit You have fallen into the pit Have you fallen so low I am standing here I will take you out Next person will say I am  Does n't want to leave. He might want to leave but he won't say it and then he will say that if you guys never say goodbye, it was Shahrukh Khan's movie, Pretty Janta, Karan Johar was Amitabh Bachchan, Abhishek Bachchan, Rani Mukherjee, it was a very deep picture.  It did n't work off course from its time because people judged it only on extra marital affair. Superficial some movies are ahead of time, it becomes a cult film at some other time when it is known that it is that movie if you.  If you have seen then you will know what I am saying to Mijbil and making their life more Mijbil if you know If you have seen Rani Mukerji was Mijbil and you know the movie how it ends was a deep picture, not many people understood what that What else she wants to tell is that never ever is not going to be a happy ever after, their approach should be different when they have fallen in the pit.  You will have to be humble, but no man is ready to be this. Look, it cannot be done for every man while walking, there will not be one half for the deep, there is only one half of any relationship in which a man will do wife, father, mother, child, sister, brother, meaning, this is how you  If you want to do it then you will have to come down to the level, what is going on, how long do you have to sit here, but come on, I also sat down, let's sit down, life is not going anywhere, let's keep living like this, now tell me, please say something.  You are no more to him, he is to her  I also know that he is not an idiot, he has also stopped his car. What happens is that we live in a pit somewhere, someone is driving a car in such circles, he is driving a helicopter in his life, he is flying in the air and he is in the middle again and again.  I am coming, coming, coming, he is doing like this, he is saying that he does not understand my pain, he is saying, he has come, friend, I am also sitting with you, tell me, how are you, drinking tea or coffee, so I hope this essence is yours.  Understand that there are many big abstract topics because for those who have not studied from anywhere, yes, I can make a presentation and explain it to you. It takes a lot of energy to understand that these are abstract things, they are not tangential things, they are not normal things, these things are not being discussed in a simple way.  Don't do it with sounding, it will give you relief that yes and also it is very reasonable, your mood is nothing, see, that too is even mild, so there is more man than that.  Do you know why the scoundrel is singing about sorrow? In this world, so many people do not get food. Hey, I have taken a contract, I don't get food. Is anyone's problem in my life? You are not understanding my problem and are giving useless examples.  You know those English proverbs like this, people will write that I was when I came out of the church and the temple and something like that in English right I saw that my shoes were so expensive  Shoes are missing and I was feeling very bad but then I saw a man who had no legs oh my shoes were gone, he doesn't have legs man this knowledge irritates in practical life, although it would be nice to hear it once in practice  But it is not practical friend because our assistantship will not be a problem then it will feel like yes yes it is mine but you have to see that whatever everyone has is a little realistic in isolation. I am telling such a deep thing because the things which are run of the mill are not mine, my words hurt a lot, that is why the subscribers do not increase like my rocket, slowly, slowly, like Ayushmann Khurrana's movie, keep increasing.  They are definitely touching the millions, they will cross the millions and will go into the millions too, but it is like it is still not a blockbuster, which is good because my words cannot be understood so quickly, they will come only slowly and the drop off rate is very high.  lives But I still try to make sure that even if my audience doesn't understand, next time I will try harder. I want to take you guys on a journey through some other video. I hope you will be able to go on that journey. Means Samarth, I have also opened a telegram group, that is my one of the channels, the other one is Guruji from Gurugram but one is an info group of subscribers, webinars, workshops, information polls or whatever I keep doing, so you It is written in the comment section, so you can join it also. You can write in the comment section on those things for which your soul wants the answer and you are not getting the answer anywhere even in practical, so I will try it if I can.  Will get such a topic and will get your questions beyond that because there are many people in pain and unfortunately they are in denial because they think that I am in pain but I will be told that so many people  I am in more pain than you, so in those pains, will my pain be irrelevant? It is mine just because of someone, if my hand is hurting, if someone is having a headache, then the pain in my hand is okay.  It has not happened, neither is it real to me, nor is it happening to me too. I need to be addressed. This is a thing, so it is not that what is happening to someone else is being addressed. Everyone tells each other's stories.  Hey look at that, look at this, look at that, time passes in life but we have to accept that our pain is real and I want freedom from it and that will happen only when we first accept it and understand. Whenever I am in trouble, I am always seeking people.  Can show you the reality, keep two or four people, I am the only one, I will show you all the reality in life, as if it is forced, learn positivity, avoid negativity, learn negativity, avoid it, don't keep anything.  There is delay, according to me there is nothing, which is positive, there is nothing, which is negative, it is as it is, again and again I give an example. If you have not heard, the glass is half full, it is completely full, many will say that it is half full of water.  It is half filled with air, it is completely filled, wow, what an intellectual thing you have said, no one will speak, a negative man will say, it is half empty, positive, be positive, tell him half.  It is full, I say, be realistic, will that water quench my thirst or do I need more water or where will I get more water from? Is this water drinkable? Is this water actually water, is there something else, okay then focus on this thing.  Don't pay attention to what is good or bad or bad, just look inside yourself and see how thirsty I am for water and from where will I get water and be inverted looking, these are the things that kill the dialogue, right?  feel good  It gives a factor, it's just foam, it's just air, it's just duster at it, it will smell for a while, then again in such a life, you will not have to apply a musk deer from inside, it is the work of musk deer, the fragrance will have to be brought from inside, the eyes are laughing, you know  No, I am not running away. Okay, I will definitely keep bringing this one in abstract topics. Tell me how you liked it. Share, like and subscribe to the channel. Thank you very much.