Hello friends, today's topic is you have to see many things till your eyes, before making the video, now we are Shuja Pasha, very deep video, a child is a creative, you people know that in every video, I do not request, whatever is my old device.  The topic is how to get a job, only I have that astrologer, a parent, impossible family counselor, the issues are coming from him, I am telling many pressures, so how to get a job, this will be for the first Olympics. Hafiz and do it well, get promotion, earn name in questions, do justice, I will discuss it in a different way, in this, you can change people's playlist system, you can wash it with some of you, there is online porn, you can be in a senior position.  If you are, then definitely subscribe, don't run away because if you see a video of a very good one, then your luck is very less. Wait, I have pasted it, okay, but you are such a teacher, my job is to be such a teacher, now I want that thing.  You should be told to like during development and go to quality. There is no motivation at all. You have to provide research in a different way, so maybe there is a video. You are busy with your work, you can see people and then you are watching on your tube. Middle order in the backcountry. Benefits 15 During the day I will tell you and tell you two test matches how to do the job first with the strength of six feet and ministers first thing do not do sycophancy sycophant can you say bicycle in English so very dipped in Indian culture Send that, I am on such a high moral ground, now I can never be anyone's moral science teacher because I believe that in life, I am an actress and sequence is the head of the bank, so if access cannot be changed, then if we are equipped with sequence, then it is sycophancy.  Why should we not do this? His design is like this: By sycophantizing this boss on a bicycle, he writes the image in 'Applicable for Ramesh', he reaches the comfort zone, he becomes my boy, okay, the boss 's boss.  It is okay, but parking and some tests are done, but the problem is in that thing also, the problem is that you get away from pregnancy and these third things too. Today, people have to do 5560 adjustments of test to get a job.  I don't know whether there can be 6286 district or there are preparations for it, so this video is saying that you make channel meetings at this minimum, like I am a real estate person, such a thing is like a golden drop, so why are you taking time.  She used to cook then what is there on it, she has made such a suicide that people who say Papa, who is the world are cobblers, give them some funds, keep the world more round, if someone challenges them or Muni App is not the constituency, then the world itself does not come up.  You are a man and they have to face the specialty level. Now my job is to cross the beat system. If I become yours then I will not come and if your beat system is not right to twist my meat then I will take help in yours then don't be a sycophant.  it would be a waste of time  Energy is wasted in this, the boss changes, then a new boss will happily emerge from the cup and he saw you doing all this work. If this happens, if you are engaged in agriculture, then you can share it in the agriculture comment section. This was my first and second.  It would be said, don't work hard in any job. He said friend, I will tell you how to get notified about this, because I will tell everything sensible which can be exited and can be understood if and top-10.  If you are doing 40% of this work, then if you are fired from the job, then this is the essence here that if you go ahead on this, disciplinary proceedings will be set, if government employees are fired, no one has a joint in this, now private sector is worried about 40% including electricity and water.  If 50% of the country is good then the salary you are getting is not justifying it, even if you are fired, but according to the same morality, you are not a problem. Take 50 spoons, it is okay with this, now the sharp tops of figure Pimple Advani are not visible in anyone's limelight, your experiment is not that you have had Moksh Amavasya, but you were okay with this, it is here at 70% which you  If you are working then it means that you yourself, the one doing the job, your personal life, our own immortality, our own desires, you are not getting time and you always release him.  If you work on 1st person, it means that you, your wife and children have compromised their life because there is a limit of 20% and now 90% is not even sustainable. Address Sara, your PT, child's mother.  -Father, everyone is busy in promoting your job, it means that when you become a big problem then this happens, look at the big power cord, I am not good in anything.  It is not complete, friend, I just tell you what happens in the facial hair market and where it reaches, so I told you the parameters. According to me, you have a spread line between 6570, do not do 60th, do not cross even Tasty, operate between 6570. You have to print it in a long time, if you have to go to the ATM only then because of the situation in which you have requested for online tuition in a similar box, have you done something or have you gone to the post of Governor? You are ok, I will apply now, ok but don't do it on sustainable gas, if an average education is given for one year, then your 6575 water is needed, this is only 5mm, many people leave their jobs very quickly, another oil interactive 1.5  Inch and they get that much report. Any organization can go against a limit and give a report. Firstly, what are those limits? The previous one is erased. Well, if this recipe for anger is necessary then that is it.  You have to see that if you want to do a long respect job and want to earn money then I start thinking of doing 65 first advice at ATM not work after you and that because it is closed, I will tell you what luxury, if you are doing a job.  Yes, there is an application for everyone for Rs 6270 and the magistrate will be available to you for the praise which will be given in a year if this boxing of 6 inches is possible, then it is okay for you not to keep the profit slot like this. 6 Chapter Note Ko You Will Get You Out So Believe That These Were In Third Form What Is That Who Will Be Bigg Boss Who Is In Which Direction Trend That You All Do Office Write in the Comment Section Otherwise Will Not Give You Time Don't Understand  My friend was coming from Monday, after getting some work done, I will get a part time job to be part of the family, there is a job in the wards so that after finding out that whole lie, you will be able to do IDH anytime in between, I will not get that time, I will not be able to get that time in many companies. Due to one thing, people say that sir, when they watch your video, they are given time, what is this thing about experience, what is this brown color ad, I have seen many people tell me from below my video, ask with your hands, how else will you do it.  Were were scheduled expected not anti shatter like time mantar bill positive and wish you were trade in traffic in it you week to be it seems like a lot you are doing that tissue time that individually and line  Have a straight minimum topless shoot, if the train gets off again, then I promise you six months, today I have subscribed my enemy, look at the videos, their era from traffic, two tasks of 5 minutes each, watch this for 5 minutes in the beginning, then it is correct, then there  But it does not happen, they are running away to stay there. Ad Wonderland Patna Rs. Question comes that on that and from 10th place because there is training in the state, so it is like writing, what do you say? Tiger Contractors, the condition of the weather is such that the Congress will be like a lion riding a lion without PM, there is a lot of praise and these four above me, I am not respecting you, it is like that, today you are active, tomorrow someone eats while sitting and then someone sits and eats in it.  If you think about what happens in sycophancy, Meri Maa Bhai Aur Neele Mera Paonta, when you go up by forming all four, then you can see there, expect when you edit, you get such charts for, so first when  You licked all the knowledge and skills, he did not fill the child, then you reached the top and just now you collided with Dega, no one can make you a devil's advocate, can't tell you what you are doing wrong or not 1977 So right now  Fool us in such a situation, our country, despite many things, is not a developed country because everything is individual, it is the right way that these things are going on in the future.  Uncle, who is who is rather and Chakraborty is all problem, this is the thinking, this thing also has to be awarded to you, Boss, this is your PR Babuji, importance is there in the stomach, if it never comes, yes, responsible, then also like it, don't waste this, click on the table.  If you are nominated for joining, then the voices and formation will tell you that the officer will go on a trip with his family, everyone will sit in the bus, all these things are a way of telling him that we are all together. Basically everyone has to be monitored and we are the experts in getting such a fitting that you will go there on a good salary and with someone, you will be appointed Gurjar with friends. The fourth point song is related to this which is your horoscope and affair. Now this is the point.  Election Luna was very simple and a challenge for the best sages, that's why I have made some additions and given that if people are still connected then maybe some of them will get the fourth point of good women with their drop spears and  Justice, you do not do much with your job, do not do too much friendship, now I will call him Stitch and he will go, tell me about yourself, do not tell too much about yourself, because he is the one who is attracted towards you by expression, rather the public among you comes to know that he is a good friend.  When the operation was done and the one who calls me to the boss's house and wanders to his house, he likes me, then that friend has shown me attractive that seeing my salary has increased, that's why he is the other way, he is not a friend, now look at the situation between you and me. How many people are there in your set up? Are those friends there to help you get your work done? So you should look at these friendships outside your organization. Those who are of the lowest and lowest quality do not care who you are.  Plants, then which post is he on, which promotion experiment, how does it work, that is, friends, if you are not doing well in the job then how much should I search for your existence because those friends who have a job will always remember them and they are different from sustainable friends who have a job. If we become ours  Whatever you want to keep private, keep it in the matter of friendship, office politics is very bad and in that situation, in the fifth class, you always talk to your boss in English and he speaks in his Indian English, not in youthful English, okay, good morning sir.  Ok sir a bit difficult n letter I am vessels in time and that how many human cancer try to be this do anything you tankers in loot you get a lot of benefit uncle a lot of time we roll our guide and boss  We are going to hang out with someone, where are we going, we do all these things, you will spend a lot of your life and you will find out whether your family is poor, poor, intelligent, smart, personality is good or bad, everything is related to your working.  There is no need to have sex with the police, after all this is exposed, it is not your job to balance your work life anyway, I will make videos, but you will know how to keep them apart, you will know that whatever is happening is sleeping with you.  Correct  If you have a small vest, I will make five armpits, then you will know that when I come, we will get two pieces of it, as long as you remain seated in it, if you do, then what do you have, see in the shark slide, the first vaccine, you will start getting time on the road in life and you will know this.  It will seem that I am taking it and how much of this money will I eat on the salary day, you will get time to grade it, you will get time to invest like this, I would have given so much of my mind to the job that I would finally get stuck.  went to some property  By going to Greater Noida because if I tell you now under someone else's own bias, then they are giving him money to the builder and 9 Premiers want to go up against their wishes, so I will tell you that whenever you go up, yours will be as per the previous one.  It was set, you will have to remember it, so since last week I have been saying that one should be ambitious, do n't sleep if you are ambitious, whenever you work too hard, you have to remember, the answer is if you are working too hard, then in two ways.  From now on we will train the world to listen carefully when many people are telling and working in these temples, within this day people will say that if you are very ambitious, then cut them down or they will think negatively about you, they will think that this is a big experiment in the meantime.  You will not get any leave and if you give up all your time due to your compulsion, will the employer guarantee the commitments, but if your job is protected then only it can be used. The man feels that he will definitely come continuously and 40-50 percent.  And when it will be removed, my number will be near the top in the court, fans, you have to think that maybe it is your number, the weight is on you that after scoring 70, you reach such a level because your salary does not go that it is necessary for you to remove it.  So, I am not saying at all that I have decided to stop chanting on holidays, you are working out very slowly, that is why I am telling you, stay in your form of 6570 and sit peacefully and chant it. you too  Decide time. If you decide on job then you will see that your new one will survive in this by-election because Chest Spoon Ginger Instrument We are not born to do job, nature has created us to stay alive and take life forward. Like them, taking them forward means having children, having children, society has said that it is an institution, merit will be within it, so when marriage happens, money is needed for that, if you need a job for money, then you should know for what. Here it is written below whether you should do the job or not, if you lose the job, on top of that, it is not making any difference to you, friends, Chinese jobs are available for 307 these days, you don't even know that this type of job was there, only if you check the world, you will get the job.  You have to think that what it means to be an End Witch Hunter can come to you only when you have done hard work, thought and developed that affinity at this time. If you work full time in the job then you will be asked for the problem of mental energy.  Submit previous also stomach but by doing that curve wave match Nihora job in quarter of India-Pakistan and every day friends those branches keep on happening that every boss after all give me the blood I will give you freedom I am ok then she comes to a post  The agriculture available to be seen was then given to them and freedom will become that thing. The next question will be given. You give me blood and I will give you freedom. If you have not got a job, why should you take this because every person has got a job even in a corporate-free job?  How did you like this one, it pinched and gave pain, then it is okay for you guys to tell me and if it feels a little better, then I want to tell the paste of this job one more time that which job should I do first? Then I will write down how to do it, which one to do and in the same job, I want to make it again that women should do a bird, what should men do, for how long should they do, how much should they do and then for how many days, then what to do because let us prepare you all.  For your research, how many people are like clay?  Those who do their work and sit at the 54 55 56 587 vendors, and the man who puts full emphasis on getting employed, city and 5815, he was activated by the C company, when he had 3 inches for him and now see and send a lot to take the portion.  They also leave behind very soon and we too are left with nothing, so thank you, unless there is discrimination in some other job, somewhere below, then if you see this, then we have returned from here.  Have you seen that when the car runs on 6570, you can keep it in the same place as I told you, its fuel is the best, if you go above that, it will cost you more and if you go below that, it will go back to the engine and that too will cost oil.  If it is more then a figure comes and between 6575 in feet deep then you have to write that can you find your 60% tk you 10GB don't playlist images in quality of life.  You will get improvement because of the tips that I have given you. Before commenting negatively on these tips, think that if you apply these in your life, can you definitely see that you know? Then you also send more messages and celebrate already. Those who are connected to Spoon don't care what anyone is saying to them. Do write in the comment section whether it is good or bad. If you like it then definitely please like it. Now I am doing a job because I am afraid that the family group will be away from the table. There have definitely been many videos which want to listen to one hand in the other hand. If my video is downloaded, then you can also put it in your group like this and no feedback with less judgment.