Hello friends, this topic is needed by the society, it is a very practical topic, please circulate it, it will benefit many families, it will benefit you, it will benefit the society, no one is bringing this kind of content, if you understand the content of this channel, S.A. Forward.  If you are watching or watching for the first time then please subscribe to the channel, go to the playlist and watch a lot of useful things, so let's start today's topic, how to help someone. If he has been hospitalized, is it okay? If you want to help him, then I will tell you the premise first. I will explain it to you well that the premise is that if there are four or five people in your immediate family, you are the parents.  I am not talking about him here, I am talking about a slightly distant relative who is your friend and who is not your immediate blood relative. To help in that, I am telling about the society.  Because of what I have observed and what you must have also why you would have gun through also is it okay or superficial is it okay to show off that so and so is hospitalized, come on oh let's meet him stop coming to meet him in the hospital Yes, nowadays even hospitals have become very strict but still they maintain attendance during visiting hours. What should be done instead? If that identification seems to be yours, then those who are his immediate family, whom we will call primary care taker, primary attendant, have to help them, what can you do to help them, have to drop their children from school, have someone in their house.  You have to drop the food items, you have to pick them up directly, you have to give them money or anything else, if the matter has gone to that level with someone, you have to ask them, you have to help them, they are your relatives later when they get well and come back. Just put that aunt, uncle, uncle, uncle, uncle, aunt, etc. I am telling about all these relationships like this, uncle, friend, friend, friend, that one, my father-in-law, in-laws, elder daughter-in-law, elder daughter-in-law's maternal family, this one. Kinship: Do you know how dear the soil is in India? Do you know what happens when you are far away and cannot go physically? So what should you do even now, even if you are a second opinion doctor in someone's family.  I have had some trouble like this: who is your immediate family, maybe a little extended family or maybe you are a child of that family, one child is looking after him, the other child may be two real brothers and sisters, he is far away and cannot come.  Brother, in everything, there should be a back end support, back end support i.e. reports, second opinion of reports, some other doctor, some other things, someone's suggestion, some program has been done, okay, so what does it do like that? Equipments can be purchased, how physiotherapy can be done, that particular thing can be discussed with a nutritionist, something from there because the family, who is the primary care giver, is not able to concentrate that much, he is busy with that.  When he gets food, he eats it, sleeps, wakes up, does it, you are sitting far away, you are also evolved, so I want to tell you in a practical way through this video, as practical as it can be. In Haryana, it is said that if a child gets some surgery or gets bulked then give some food or drink which can be given. It is okay, I am not exactly saying suggesting adding some dough into the laddu.  When I am there, I remember the same thing, but what do you say, eat something like this, some juice, some fruit, some nutrition thing in which you should put effort because now the family is in that hospitalisation.  I have to say 'to endure' because it is the word for suffering. Okay, so they don't have that much wealth, they have money, everything is there but it is not physical, the maid is not able to come, she is not able to open the door many times, is there no cleanliness in the house?  If nothing is being done then the practical help you give to that household will be appreciated and will count. Pick up the car, get stuck in the traffic and show your face. Yes, Namaste ji, someone is someone's sister.  Is there a mother, is there a father or is there a father, I don't mean uncle, uncle, uncle, whatever relationships you have, do n't just show off, friend, he also knows it, you collect sheep unnecessarily in the hospital, the hospital is not a great place. Tourist place is such to go, anyway there are germs there, this is so and so and tell everyone, it is an energy sucking experience, I will tell you energy, you go to the hospital and come, any of you  Whoever is listening to this, have you ever come after travelling, something must have happened to someone, brother, don't stay there for too long, if you come back in an hour or two, you feel so tired, so tired and you wonder when you come, if you can do anything to me friend.  No, I did not go like that, I was just sitting outside. These days, big tea rooms and most of the cafeteria type ones are open in the hospitals. These have been made five star type but they suck a lot of energy. It is an energy sucking place, not a hospital.  From there your soul will get sucked because all around you there are painful people and it is visible to you, so there is no need to go forcefully, the one who has to go has to go, so you can do it from behind. I took care of him, gave him a driver, gave him my car, got him picked up, I am giving practical tips, sky is the limit, whatever is coming in my mind is coming in practical form, I am showing that the primary giver  is that  The main one of the family because not everyone can leave everything and go, this is also a fact, it is not possible that everyone has left their jobs, sometimes to give a break to what happens, you can say, listen, how are you doing today.  It has been like this for three days, four days, today it will become like this, okay, so these were practical tips, how did you guys feel, please tell me, you need to share this thing in the society, these are practical ideas, I want this kind of positivity from you.  So what does positivity mean? I will say practical. Okay, this kind of practical. You tell me, don't keep this formality in the relationships. Be informal. Keep it practical. Brother, this is enough for you. Today I have made this roti for you. Today I have sent my maid. Your maid has gone, something.  I went or the timings went up and down, I have arranged something for you, we will come to your house, your children come at 2 o'clock, I will receive them from school.  Okay, if you are at your place, then you are relaxed, that is why whoever the relative is will show so much respect because when you told the primary care giver, he is talking to the hospitalized person. Practical tea will sing praises of you, tell me recommend you, what a practical man he is, he has done it after seeing it, that is why I am sitting with you or I am sitting because he has done something there, so this is a practical thing.  Do you have any idea of ​​making an impression on your immediate acquaintances in your relations? Number, which is called appraisal, is not happening here that your increment will be charged. Most of the people are relatives and all of them are acting as if there will be an appraisal in March.  At the end of the month or in whatever month that promotion will come, don't do it like this, do n't do it like this and do n't go to meet three or two people in the same way that one vehicle is going, so brother, you are going, so I have also got the attendance done. Why not one laughing brother, everything needs to go, there is some work, some advice, some can go, some can do, then do that, every man does as they say, take charge, every man cannot be like that, all of them are carrying guns.  They stood up because even if there is a war going on, there is a need to cook food. Even at that time you do not say that everyone is standing with guns because the war is going on for a long time. It is not like that it will last for 10 days, 20 days, 50 days.  that right now  If all the work is to be done then everyone's focus should be on all the work, love should be from the heart, respect should be from the heart, relationships should be from the heart, meaning that connection should be practical and one should not judge each other like so and so is good, you are not.  You didn't come, I didn't say hello, not like that, every person in every family has a limitation, that limitation should also be accepted that brother is like this and a practical one is another thing and you will see many people being whipped.  Not even good in illness, many people enjoy a lot in seeing you sick, now I will go to the dark side, so I will stop the video here, okay, what happens sometimes, you say, brother, instead of that, he has sent votes, otherwise. And will I or will I become ill? Is it okay? And why not? He has definitely slept on seeing it. Hey, his taste is okay, so he is joking a bit, but this thing is also okay, so in practicality you  See enjoy I hope You like the content. I get that content which I extract from the society. Many people consider it as a sit down comedy, which is fine. If you can laugh then you should laugh too. There should not be so much seriousness but these are the genuine issues of our society. And please withdraw your family whatsapp-web, sometimes that task also happens when someone means to withdraw money from the bank, brother, have you updated your bank passbook or have you given a cheque, so I have withdrawn the cash.  That you needed cash, one thing is that you have to give me money, you don't have that help, one thing is that brother, the next person is so trapped that he can't even withdraw the money from there, so he  I cut a check and gave it to you, you went to the bank and you withdrew that money or it became necessary for you, there are many cases, meaning respect, I told you as much as I could think of, but the sky is the limit, the sky is the limit, there are many ways to help.  so please share Thank you very much