Hello friends, today's topic is how to invest in this inflationary environment, keep your money safe, inflation is touching around eight percent, there are many reasons, you all know what to do, what should be done, we will discuss about it in a separate device for that.  There will be a separate plan for senior citizens. The video discussed above will be interesting. If you haven't subscribed till the end then request for more subscription. We invest in the stock market. Mutual funds.  Let's do the rest in the fund, Gold Cassette Class of Real Estate, we will hold on to these and it would seem that the companies were already making money in oil, yet what is the scene in the salary? In the stocks, please put money only in whose company, speech and pricing power which can. 50 increase input costs war customer should be reduced in a big way, should withdraw the previous money which was put in the market but please do n't subscribe but you Subscribe Thousands of brokerage houses are located in villages, 10,000 YouTube channels, how many channels to create dream11 team, this is in the market and you have to see that top 10 companies of India earn 80% profit, corporate profit that when money is the same in 2025.  Why go for this multibagger, Peace Kunti, this Guna, this is dream11 type, you will get ₹15,22 crores, you will get something like that, Team Manoj ji  Still, now there is a betting market, Vibhuti, so don't treat it like that, the market has a good mind, the second thing is that you ca n't police gold, Gold God, God God, say fifty-four Gold Awards and White Mechanism, you can have Vansh, subscribe four  Even a year ago, one could buy the service like gold, flour, pulses, rice, ghee, gold at any time, four years ago, hence, one can buy only that much, and what is the price of other things from the mine and from which thing?  You have lost your data, hold any of your data, this many years old Thullu, it took people to check it for 4 years, we did complete research on this and you hold your data of 30 years ago, the income could have bought as much gold as Patwan of 20 years ago.  The food and drink that goes inside the body is fine, only that much vehicle can be bought, then Tips Gold and this is what you can have exposed wherever you go, one thing on real estate, before that I will talk about FD, a very senior citizen in India, the person who is three to four.  I retired late a year ago, at that time the FD was eight percent, now it will be five, the one who retired with Rs. 2 crores, the one who was thinking that it is Rs. 16 lakhs, you will be fine, now brother, Rs. 10 lakhs is ours, we have lost plus two.  Send office income on burst, now the answer is retirement planning, think about all these things also, DC and going forward and years later interest rates will give and whatever.  Senior citizens are people above 15 who are planning to subscribe, if they subscribe early then they have to do wickets for that, okay and the things work, danger today in art society, I would not say that it is a good thing in a way, but then in living 195  One should be afraid of this that not only will you do it, is it just a channel, you will spend your life by doing meditation, you will start steering meditation, you will go by doing meditation and doing puja and  I am completely good with all the things, all those things are good but I need to take full time for them because by subscribing to our channel no one does this for taking care, no medical insurance, no CGHS card, giving you an attendant of 12 thousand rupees.  There is no system, they say a little worry, don't think that he will be a son, when you write that you are of ATM, then you can see, maybe your son could be the 63rd of 60, the one of 6364.  So he will not do anything, how much will he be able to do and below that 6364 person, he will also be busy in his life, so what do you have to do, I have an idea, you tell me how is it now, people, whether yours is 20 lakhs or this 20 lakhs is neither.  Tycoon, you are taking five percent, you get Rs 1 lakh, you get 8250 rupees in a year, now if you make that FD 21 lakhs then you will not eat anything from the group and if the group will take something then FD will never happen in life.  It will be only 21 lakhs after 20 years. If you keep it like this then perhaps you will not be able to eat food even after 20 years. After this year, at the rate of 20 lakhs, the money will turn into dust. Govind Acid from now on.  20 Amazing Celebs Who Goes Obscene They Are Agreed Ok But You Can Joint Acid The Giver 20% Of Money From Stuart To Oriental Bank This PM Details Subscribe, like and subscribe, but we will give 560 rupees, let us keep the money slowly, subscribe, oh brother, in two Bhopal, it will become 7-8 percent of the original which is your investment and it will increase further in 18 years because  It is big, like India, Japan and subscription money is being charged, so you have to see that if you can have many notes then please check the value of the notes. Don't have the audacity to subscribe, you can buy it famous in Chhattisgarh, everything is within your power, it is not within your power, what do you have to do for 20 lakhs, we will keep buying mushrooms, who will take care of it, then your child can have his own.  He also needs that for accommodation and whatever rent comes, he has come because he is a child, so according to your FD rate, this juice loan rate can be the fastest multiple, people should own it.  Properties in In House Airtel If you have shared your share with your child and the child has taken a loan and if you too can take an interest of Rs 2 lakh, what is the maximum limit, then friends, if anyone has seen it.  So if you subscribe in the same, then if three people from you can take the rate of Rs 1922 lakh, then on Rs 6 lakh you will get approximately Rs 2 lakh as per percentage.  Saving of rupees i.e. saving of 17 thousand rupees and here also I go into a little maths, neither do people understand that so try a little to understand, listen to what I am saying once again that if the number of people will buy more property.  According to the share, it depends on how you show your income and what work you do. Income tax can be good and that money of parents can be used very well. I am telling this generation, please do not take money from your parents.  me and them You give it based on this, say, we are your nobody, lyrics transfer of property becomes very easy, if there is a name, then you do not have to go afresh and experiment, what does it sound like to be his son, the property is the name on which subscribe latest very good this property subscribe  I am giving a discom of Rs 10 lakh to my child because your original plan was to keep it in your body, it is okay because son Mittu, you may have to buy more, so it is called reverse mortgage.  Subscribe to the channel. Through the video, people should say in the comment section that it may be Meghnad, it may be that itna to keep it in it, it is mud and if there is infection, I have subscribed to share in the share market too.  Type But To This Article A Period Of Time And Places Not At All Traveler Types Of Verses Subscribe To The Returning Period Property Or Venus Will Be After tweeting as much as 60% of it, in the last subscribed circulation trend, the president was appointed and all those diseases will not be affected by all the uie government toe that you are subjecting a to eggs, I do not condemn anyone, here is Sehore and bye  Typing is normal middle class and if you look at it, you will see that the salary is also increasing, ID block, so the money that is there is a hassle, where will it go in the system which is in the share market.  I go to the share market, then how come it is not sustainable, then I withdraw some more money from there, it falls, now that money will go somewhere else, according to me, a lot of it will go into real estate in the next three to four years.  There is such an element of real estate that it takes a lot of time to heat up, it takes vitamins to cool down, so cyclists are 80 years old, now we are definitely in cycling, utilize this time, use leverage, the advice for youngsters is that you  Take a loan and have taken a loan, don't be in a hurry to hide that their interest is not 60 English, so what is the hurry to return the money to you, this has become a joke, the money is used by Bigg Boss.  Na live in fact and people can take it because the value of money is decreasing so someone took a loan of one crore and if there is inflation at 60 cents then that one crore becomes equal to 90 lakhs or that one is taking interest.  For inflation, you will have to spend a lot more, then Ijjat Bed ki this loan, the money that your father and mother have applied for, you are getting it at 5%, you are getting it at 8% with you, at 12%, the cent of Nemus asks NET interest margin.  You cannot take a loan even from your own house. Many fathers and mothers do not want to put you in the trouble of turn off but properties, tell me your name, friend, this is how it is for me, Hussain will be with me, I will take it from you.  If you take it, then you have this thing - the loan taken from your stomach and the interest given on it. Subscribe Subscribe, that is not my son, my channel cannot be subscribed that 24 I have option status further also, I do not want from friend option.  Please like if you understood these kind of things, I am practically with Indian family, holding each other's finger, holding hands, maybe they have come with the help of anger, that video is not mine.  It is not that just for the sake of taking it separately, I will show you that this much in one side in 15 years Subscribe Subscribe Amazing 64 bit in real life Why do you tell 3 simplistic calculations and what does it do to you?  You would have made it, you would have started your 15000, now you also take the gospel that now I will have one crore, oh brother, she will come in between a lot, a nobody can. How to predict that you can see that the gold, bread and clothes will stick to the house, not your dog in investment and see investment comes motor, the money that people take very big money and invest in not possible tow, subscribe to these paintings  I can make items like number but I know that in between I do n't know who eats from above that supplement starts explaining that kind of talents, brother I am a dal How to get roti, normal carbohydrates, genuinely, how to make your body sing, that is important that people should not create their own base, if they are ready to leave the job at 42, and if they are tired of the job, then it means that if you leave the house job, then you can leave the job on rent. Subscribe.  Karne ke naukri do [Music] Subscribe Not working in home e want raay sakte to video aapke kaise lage ye batana and hai topic paisa laga batana related to antimony  Things, I will tell you how to do it by joining the family because I have mentioned in the description, 'Withdraw Money Subscribe.'