We do not make any difference between daughter and daughter-in-law. This is the topic. Hello friends, have you heard this saying before or to someone else and this thing is said with great pride or pride. We will dissect it. Interesting, hilarious, informative.  This is a energizing, relaxing, giving a different perspective video. If you have got married, then watch it. If not, watch it. If it is going to happen, then watch it. If the girl's parents are there, then watch it. And if there are boys, who probably hit the dialogues, then watch it. It is said that we will keep our daughter-in-law like a daughter, be a little afraid of her and daughters also feel like mother's hair and teeth, no daughters are kept like that but click on it and this thing is applicable to the daughter-in-law also.  You definitely have to speak to your mother, but you have to treat her like a breath. Do n't mistake her for your mother because you can say this to your mother. You can say this to your mother, you have made such tea. You can say this to your mother-in-law, but you have to.  Many poor women, take Bholi's or do n't know what, take the one who enjoys, it is okay, they try these stunts, they can't try assistant on Sansa, you are the mother-in- law, but mother is definitely there, but she is the mother-in-law, mother-in-law to Sansa too. He sighs and sighs, 'Okay, this is the scene', the daughter said, 'I can't hold bad for a long time', 'It's my production factory, you will forget that I am from someone else, I am the one who gets the cheese application from someone else'  He is your daughter's husband, is your daughter's friend, is your daughter's well-wisher, has a relationship through your daughter, cannot have a direct relationship with her, because of things, I am telling people that if they consider their daughter-in-law as their daughter, then why should she even have teeth like this?  The daughter also has teeth and then we consider you as a daughter. This is not a good thing. Formality will have to be maintained in the relationship if the marriage has to survive and be happy. A little formality is not for the sake of too much formality. Put your butt in your man and say to daughter-in-law, daughter-in-law. What do you people call daughter-in-law, daughter-in-law, daughter-in-law, daughter-in-law, daughter-in-law, daughter-in-law, son-in- law, king, try to make her like a maid, the word queen is still there, but it is a word created in the society.  This symbolic is not old, it is okay, neither is any son-in-law a king, but that suit was put forward, you create a date formality and people like this formality, initially both the parties feel right that you will become my mother.  I will become your daughter-in-law, daughter and daughter-in-law. I am always different and will always remain so, no matter how much land I feel, do n't even try to become that daughter. You are someone's daughter, it is his daughter and see for yourself what actions you take with your man.  You become a gateway by talking about what happened to your mother-in-law. Think for yourself, when it cannot happen, then it is said that ask the daughter and the mother-in-law also. If it is Sansa's daughter, then there are many, she talks to the mother-in-law somewhere.  It's a boy's girl, we have it.  We don't have any daughter, I don't have any daughter, we have a very good daughter, this one and the one who has left me, I am loving you very much, yes son, girls love a lot, girls are very lovely, daughters are very lovely but Bahujans look at the daughters.  Friend, see, it is not like that all my people do not have a mobile phone, not all of them do so, I also study, it is okay and I too feel rated, but victory is ahead of the rate, when we have to show a new mirror to the society, right?  Sombody Hajj tu commentally, no one is creating this content, no one is telling, no one is talking, I am telling the template, there can be many variations, there can be many variations, so do not consider it a right to force, okay, that is your son.  He is your daughter's wife, he is your daughter 's husband, you will have to give respect, don't give respect to your son, do n't give respect to your daughter, twist your ears, hit your teeth, it will hurt if you get half a blow.  Still, it will work for you, it won't work for someone else, the relationship will end or it will be like this, you won't understand what happened and I will not include the son-in-law again and again in this because the son-in-law has little to do with his in-laws and father-in-law. In India, if the son-in-law does not live in the house, then the concept is very rare, in extremely rare cases and if it happens in any case, then it also happens that the old parents of the girl are living with the son-in-law and daughter, or under some compulsion.  By the way, he is a person, a video is not being made for him, mostly I will tell on behalf of the boys, it is given in this way because when your daughter comes to the house and then what do you say that daughter, you will come to the house and  Who will create another one? The daughter-in-law who is the original daughter has been created. The daughter-in-law who is an adopted daughter means it is okay. Daughter, no son has ever become a daughter by saying it by mouth. Don't keep this relationship. Why are you devaluing your daughter's relationship? You are considering someone else 's daughter as your daughter.  after making that She is your daughter-in-law, she is the pride of your house, she is a jewel, she is an asset, she is the man of your future, she is your friend, she can be in any form, but she cannot be a daughter, the message is because in making her a daughter, you are giving her no benefit, only loss.  Pahunchaoge, you will only make mistakes, you will only spoil the relationship, so in my opinion, mother speaks, she does not agree, and daughters do not need to speak much, because they know it, they know, if they can tell their mother, then they can.  Mummy, you have made a wonderful halwa, it is like an art that is getting spoiled. Even if you tell me to make it, you will make it even. If you ask me to do it, please give us the pleasure of making it. Sometimes we too will feel that a new daughter-in-law has come. We too are not like this.  Girls can say, I do n't know which movie they watch because of Jauhar or which is their fantasy or not, my mother-in-law is very sweet, my breath is so oh mother-in-law, shut up as per your wish, India.  no matter Sasural Paksha Kundli is an international phenomenon. Is the eighth house the seventh house of your partner or husband or wife and the second one is the eighth house and what happens after knowing the astrologer who knows the eighth house? This is a rule of law for everyone in this.  There are no exceptions, if it is okay for someone then enjoy the relationship, it is a very lovely relationship but keep it formal, make a line, there is no need for much formality at all, but you cannot take your parents for granted. You can take it for granted and when your own child says something or even says something wrong, then whom will you go and tell that you will not teach values, your own child is nothing like that, it is not like that, so you can easily say that it is because she is yours.  Buy anything, the shop should know about your blood relation with your daughter-in-law, we are not related by blood with you, there is no blood relation with the one with whom there is a blood relation, assert your rights on the one with whom you have a blood relation, you have to see that it is your child's is a boy  The girl is your wife and is going to be very important in her life. That son-in-law or that daughter-in-law is going to be very important in the life of your son or daughter. And give due respect because tomorrow your daughter will be sick, she will have some disease, whatever will happen.  You are not going to come on your own, it is the son-in-law who has to do something, whatever has to be done, after the marriage, it is the same, so give due respect to the parents, so the number should not come after your parents, their number should come before your parents.  And even a second is not bad, a silver medal is also not bad, and you can help your spouse as much as you can, if he needs it. It is a responsibility that you are an original child, if you can do it then it is a very good thing, you can help your wife only.  If you are helping your husband, then that should be humanity's relationship and all that, okay, so I hope Bible, you are convention, okay, horses will die, whose code is to die, man is feeling like hearing such things.  I will write ok and those who enjoyed write imagine, ok it was fun, ok it was fun, ok then I will be happy if I do n't tell about images, such things, thank you very much.