Hello friends, today I have brought video number 3, taking the family series forward, my 34 series continues, there is a barrister series, 6 videos have been done, money mindset series for video has been done and career series for children, so you guys have not seen that series.  If you have then you can see it on the wicket. Today I have brought a family series for everyone's knowledge and entertainment. It is going to be great to watch the video yourself. There is a constant risk of isolated users. If  If you watch only one video of mine, sometimes I bat on behalf of the girls, sometimes on behalf of the boys, sometimes on behalf of the young people, sometimes on behalf of the elders, I try to create a balance which is visible in my videos. Those who are watching the period of time are not facing any issues but those who board the moving bus may feel bad if there are judges in the same video, but you can watch that series also, now this is the third video in this series.  I have done it before  If you haven't seen it, you can watch it. The name of the topic is Family Series Video Number 3. It is not true that you agree with us. You have to forward this video to your parents. If you are editing then you are watching, you can forward it to your parents below. And you don't understand that this is a complaint of periods, the son does not listen to us, the person is called daughter and son and the daughter does not listen to us, does not listen to us, we associate this thing with respect that two, we talk about me.  If he doesn't agree then he doesn't respect you. This is the biggest misconception. Respect cannot be associated with obeying you. Not being accepted much. Waking up in the morning you are being judged, holding your feet and saying hello. She is doing well. You are doing well.  Things were not accepted, gun meal is not respected, this is Ram's concept, but why did it come, how did its basis come, today I am going to tell you, even if someone feels bad, it is okay, it is okay, there is no apology here.  The one who asks because it is true, okay, it is then asked for where if you feel that this thing is not like that, because I have been with such marital counselors, family, and I have been with so many, then I have a lot of confidence in it, I have confidence in you and  It might be visible in the body language also. You people can judge me, which I am going to say later, on this I am ready to be judged. If you are understanding this, if you belong to any age group, then comment.  Write it yourself. If you want to write something against me, it can be written in decency. Okay, so listen to what is happening today, 1567 is in the age group of 30, the fee is above 55, it is as if these people are here.  When he was 25 years old, he had got freedom from the porn of his parents. Bigg Boss, the children who are in their twenties today, whose age is Shyamali Thirties, were given to them by their grandfather.  I started agreeing with my mother very quickly because that time India had made that kind of progress and I am walking after holding the dismissal, do n't get confused, it is not applicable for those who are below or above this class, so this generation is now 6065.  It must be that his words are being heard for the last 40 years, especially in his family, if he had got a government job, when he had got below clerk level, now he had got the dreams.  And in this he was having the feeling of Mumbai at that time but the level of talking about parents, parents, parents was a very deep thing for the parents and this video is very difficult to watch, if you have to watch it again to understand, then watch it. Those who are 20 years old on this day 2025 32 33, the condition of their grandparents was this, when the parents' decision was made, then these people considered it a trap, explain that they were very happy that brother will get a job, lucky comfort as Reinterpretation Two wheeler came, small vehicle came next, 20 people and very happy with their life, gave progress to these people in advanced life, now jails have been at this level for many years, now the level of the new generation is not starting from here.  The people arrested here have the moral right to say that now these people, who are the new generation, want to unite quickly with the looks of the same. Man, this is not 64, the correct answer is that there is a lot of yearning in this matter, the youngsters who will be born in 1998 do not know what they have to become very soon, because it is the ones who have taken the growth, not the parents, but the period of time, Satendra. That thirty percent increment has come to the level every year, commission has been paid every year, India type GDP growth, 495 SEZ, Hukum type on the time of Narasimha Rao.  Due to the gradual liberalization and period of time, if this generation now has that patience and reason, what is this generation's first annual day celebration, now they feel that sense of achievement which this generation felt when it was written.  Gave these flowers to Kendriya Vidyalaya Navodaya School and children found in these schools too have come out and now these people have made schools expensive, tuitions are expensive, everything is expensive but they are seen going here, going to this project.  It is his fault to not be bitter, the fault will always increase. Remember, when there are two children and I, there is a difference of 2 years, then Baba says, this is bigger, this is smaller. If you expect so much understanding in 2 years, then whatever.  Parents are at this level, they have to understand that one mistake is of the land, what to do next, now we are connected, I wanted to explain it in basic, this is a big reason for training, what is the second mistake you do, understand this, selectively Lee advises.  are when A sense of ownership suits, it is not completely complete, those who give selective time sometimes choose the career, girl, we will use it because we know the taste of the girl, time of career, if we do not know then this is not to give selective advice, second thing child.  If you want to do something on your own and you feel that there may be some small problem, then tell him carefully above, but if for some reason something goes wrong in any activity, then tell me this.  You should never leave, if you are a father or even a mother, see, I told you then Mumbai, from here to the country, the relationship has become like this, you remember that the person and the daughter also know that you have cut off the Guru Tattva, not the father.  The biggest pride has come that the father is the greatest guru, more powerful than the mother. If you see in astrology, the ninth house belongs to the father, the ninth house which is called house, in this trophy is the one that belongs to the guru, so the guru who belongs to the father. element would be  If this failure of TRAI is a mistake, then I will correct it, so the families who will follow this approach, want to follow it because there is progress in their likes, otherwise this one is a confused generation, then those who are 30 years old, you and the confused stomach will take care of themselves. Have to hand, the fun that 5016 people had today is no longer fun because jobs are changing very quickly, they have no activity for a long time because earlier those who were in government jobs  This is how the company used to run for private jobs. If I am making gram and this in bulk, then I am going to become a girl. Okay, now technology is changing like this, such companies are closing, no one is coming, there is a lot of struggle, give me has come.  So, this is that you people gave an exam and one mistake happens in it, otherwise you would not have been able to show so much intersection, at that time the competition was not so much, today there are 10 lakh students.  These people are coming in the job market every month in India. Google it and check the data of NITI Aayog and Government. There are never so many children in the competition. There are a lot of middle class or even lower class children who complete it.  As for the middle class, after mental stress, our advantage is that we have read good books, taken good tuition, gone to a good teacher, which was there earlier, so we who are falling at this level are ahead of the children because the people here.  The children who are of this level are also now studying for free from YouTube, they recharged ₹ 100 and worked hard and there is a complete competition, so the first competition which the babus sitting in their houses say to the children today is  We did it like this, hmm, so we were in that school, we went to that school and did things, so we did not do any big thing because at that time, I was able to create a rebellion here, deep knowledge is called generation to generation, I am saying that what you  took it Now it's the children's turn, children, we did this with your grandfather and he does this with us and don't be so angry with us because technology gives chances to everyone and hence the competition has burst, so if you are okay with it.  Kinda okay, so you will have to think very wrong, what will you have to think, how will you have to think, I will bring it in the next episode because it will be very big. This is what I talked about that refers you to someone. If you like my things then comment. Write the idea in the section, meaning you are able to understand it. If you write the word Power Punch P, then I will do two experts. If you guys liked it, I will like it. I will please. If you liked this one, there is no forced hunger. If you want these topics to be explained in such an open manner, Power Dynamics, Power Equations of Prominent Indian Families are no less than politics, the big things of the country are important to different people.  I catch it in different angles, I am fine, then if you liked it, you felt that yes man, these things should be discussed over tea, we can forward each other at 9:00 in the night and discuss what is this point.  Should n't we do something like this with our child? As if we know that we are ready to help his success by force, but if he had an affair then it was coming out to me that hey, I had gone to a coaching base for you, I had sent you for tuition.  taught in good schools Was thrown out and what do we do, what do we do, looking at his child, he did not do anything that went so far, now when you MP4 in the period of child sex, this is his karma, this is such a feeling  If you come along then you will see how much peace comes in liking, there should be no fear, you should be a father, there should be tears in the eyes of the father, there is only one state in the whole of India where I have not seen tears in the eyes of the parents, I am fine, Ram starts from ji.  It happens to be from that state, it's okay brother.  It is not true that there is a smile on half the face because he knows that he is the father. Okay, at this time he knows the language. Tell me, if you are not able to understand the language, then it is okay. There is a saying that as long as you are alive, you are a son.  And the daughter does not need to worry, you people are able to show that item, you have to think about it for your children, it is normal, we use it as an abuse, this statement that I am your father does not go either, who was the first one?  a lot of sins  The father is a very respectable thing, there is a lot of stuff to do in the real sense, it is very tough because it is a big sacrifice for the mother to give birth, it is a big thing and below that, keep respect for the mother, but for the father, he has never committed a sin while he is alive.  It does not end, it continues even after the death of the father. How does it continue? I will tell only that. Mother's blessing element passes after this stage. It is okay only when the child grows up and can complete his first double century, then mother's  So Ashirwad goes in a turn, Ma'am, you are not everything and father's activity never ends, so how did you like this topic, please tell people, please share it and comment, I am fine, I am fine, I did not feel any fear, okay. Open it and comment that this thing happened in your day, did you understand? We can go deeper into this matter and discuss it openly so that your life can improve your life. Write 1GB, My exam is not to talk in the air, I got a time job.  I have to improve my life practically so that I want the person who is connected with me on my subscription to see a difference in his life within 15 days in a month, then there is no benefit to the channel, you can make any video of yours, I don't have time for that. thank you love you