Hello friends, this topic may be a bit speculative but you can write in the comment section that we agree with this story or not being worshiped in that direction which is missing in real estate. 10 and Furious Equity in India. Increase in capital gains tax in market share market, which is currently long term capital gains tax percentage, the government will increase it from 25%.  It is 30 lee now, it is not in writing but if it happens then there will definitely be an increase in the real estate. If the real long term capital gain tax is more than that and the level playing field, if the real long term capital gain tax is more than that then its quality is going to be such and such and such.  Earlier there was talk of doing the previous one, then this economy and this Ukraine and all these stories happened and on top of that the issue of LIC was to come, so now what is going to happen next year?  2023 will be now, the reaction is because in 2014, positive decisions etc. cannot be taken because elections start in April, hence if they increase the knowledge in the government due to this, then it will be in favor of real estate which are smart investors. Let's connect the dots a little, they can do this thing first, then this time is left and after the fact, we have added the real estate in that direction.  Things are going on if you look carefully it is fine but if this thing comes then what do you people say that what will happen if two to three to four percent people invest in India in the equity market then you will say that they do so little then  Whatever it is, these are rich people, above one level, there are no poor people at all, who invest in equity market and demand etc. So if their inclination goes towards real estate, then it will come to you, I am the only one, nicotine is gone to me, both of them.  place importance hoon rose  I also like Jamun and Rasgulla too, so on this note, this is good, that is good, but do you people have the information about what can happen if this thing happens, because if in the election year, what is said dear, there are government schemes in it.  If you want to do something, then you need money for it, then the money will come to the government only by imposing tax somewhere, so if instead of taxing the middle class, instead of reducing the salary, then your research will create an uproar in that too, so it seems to me that This is the only chance to increase the government. How much do you people think about this? You people tell me the time. Cisco and government fiscal deficit and all that in the name of popular skin, they cannot even do what the international rating says about the country's rating. This gets spoiled, the setting is Biwi Plus, this - Biwi Plus, you all know, this rating, this rating, that agency's rating, the government has to be seen, responsible, honest, real.  I feel that some work will definitely be done to promote the state. By subscribing in some way, you will be directly or indirectly subscribing to Industrial State. Be it phone number, electrician, painter, be it UP guy, be it sanitary feet or things like that. There should be a grill, this is how you comment, you will start doing the door, painter, sorry, carpenter, the wooden one, so if you cut it, then I have made it difficult, meaning that electric wire.  The additions that are there, the copper wire fault inside it, all those things are a lot of spillover fat, real estate does good for you in real estate, then the government, the builder buyer agreement and the 10, 12, 15 thousand rupees that you get from that.  It also takes money from the property registry and also takes GST on the net. The money comes directly and indirectly from the winner and to the government. On top of that, the economy also goes to the government. Someone gets a big boot, people get jobs in the pending zone, that will increase the pending bar and there will be a pillow effect, the inflation which is going on high, now this will be the base effect for half a year, then unfortunately due to the high base effect, this year high school  Inflation will also be less and especially by next year, this Ukraine security crisis and staff should be resolved. If Ayurveda is fine then there can be hope of interest rates going on field cycle, not in return to heaven.  Pointers are coming and your point is in that direction why do you feel like this the true reason is being given slowly and if you have heard that the man who earns money by working hard is world class in thirty percent tax life ok PM hard work  You work in the morning and evening, then you yourself get the money by doing tax on 30 cents, then in the share market, the money is also less, it is called active income, that too, you have put the money in a share, now that  24 It increased in 5 years, you sold it, you earned profit, so brother, the duty is on cent and why you should not give right the power with which the guy has beaten me to sweat, this is my question, not yours, okay, this is the conversation that is being conducted.  The argument being made is, should I ignore it or should I argue against it, unite it that I am an astrologer, I have to show the light which has to happen to them, what is to happen, what benefit can we take in that happening.  If you have to use your brain then keep doing it endlessly. The government will do different things for the fiscal deficit and slavery of the country. I have done it and should do it. Okay, there is no point in questioning it. While living in it, which asset class can we choose for ourselves?  You can take advantage by keeping the handkerchief first and we all have to see that ultimately there is another Indian which I want to clear you all about the stock market today. People say that more people will come to the stock market, there will be less people. So the stock market goes up and it goes down. Now if people invest in cricket team India then the market will go up and if you go down then the question will go up. Something like that, you understand what is wrong and what is this, I will tell you in short. Term, all these people, in the long term, Guru of Gurus Warren Buffet has told that the company has good good product, good brand, good profit, good corporate governance, gives dividend, everything is fine.  Company's famous products appear as if it has been a king's business for so many years. It may definitely be the case that it has a lot of shares in the market, so whatever comes and goes before going to the market. If the retail ownership increases in the area then the fans would have sold it in a flash and if something happened and they dumped the goods worth Rs 20000 then the market would have fallen and then the market would have gone down. Participate in this country, this equity is good, you should do it and want all that but you should do the red picture that as it goes, ultimately you will subscribe company company for ₹ 10. So let's see, if the percentage is there and you hate it on top of that and  I will try to explain it in a simple way but if you guys agree, if you have understood this then please write in the comment section that you agree, I have understood this, it will make me happy, then you have to understand this thing.  Hundred percent you have to understand this, there is no choice without this, understand that the ultimate tax increases or decreases when investing in equity, it does not affect the long-term price of the stock market in any way because the stock price will follow the problem company.  If the company's profit increases, if the company 's profit increases, then the fennel will increase and if the company performs poorly, if there is no profit, then it will decrease. I hope you can tell me by typing very simply.  You people should understand this thing and in February-March 2030, you people will be looking forward for what is torch. According to me, serious ones will start coming from November-December. If this thing is to happen, please subscribe the channel till now.  If you haven't done so then please subscribe, like and share it with your friend circle group and everywhere, thank you.