That Hello friends, this is a deep topic, it is going to be interesting, the second line is two people you should avoid and when you add such people then there will be joy in your life, there will be peace, there will be progress, there will be fun in living life and people are not able to give awards but they have to do these  Let me tell you the definition of ' First of all, those people who criticize you, if they criticize you, then this is turmeric criticism and you have heard all this. If they criticize you, then what happened? Listen carefully to the definition again, which is your criticism?  They do it and don't give any solution in it, that they don't give any solution, just for the sake of a fit, say that it is not right, what is not right in it, how to fix it, what to do, their interest is not in breaking your heart, mode is on.  What I have to do is look at an example of mine and tell you, I too do not criticize but play devil's advocate and say that people came up with the business idea of ​​relationship because there was some natural material in South India and this is what is going on there.  This cutlery is being made with him, he has very good hands, he is very excited, all the business idea was very good, he came to me, I saw the plate, Android, I told him that one day he left the plate with me, I will tell him tomorrow morning, okay, so when he came the next day, I said Bedside Will Not Work Profit So if I had left it at this point then it would have been a criticism, it would have been stupid, there was no value addition in China, and this is the type of criticism that people do this to fold them.  I speak and what did I say? I said, brother, I put pickle on it, I added the vegetable with turmeric and washed it, it shows, I did that, it will not work for a one-time use, it is very expensive. This thing won't work in that and other way, so when I showed it practically, I thanked you very much, Milk and my respect will also go a little and destroy also walnut if we add a lot of that, if I am teaching you that.  If you want to criticize someone, they find shortcomings in something, like a lot of things are criticized without doing full pick about the district, why is it lacking and what is its solution, what is better, only then the whole thing becomes clear, so if you find any cost,  A person comes into your life again and again, whatever you are doing and hey, that is not right, that is not right for you, this is right, that is not right, he wants to do this, it is not going to happen, he will not be able to do this, will you not be able to do it?  If he is not telling you if there is a problem, then it is not in your favor. It is not in his favor to allow such people to audit you. This was the first. Second, Constantly, Arun Dhumal, people come who bring problems in your life. Your relatives can be your friends. Anyone can be there.  It is possible that they normally cry in every situation, something is not going right in their life and they will listen to you a lot and you will naturally feed them something or the other, even if someone comes and protests.  Is it even in the name of C situation, has someone had a breakup, is it okay, has someone suffered some loss, has someone suffered a fresh loss in their job, it could be fifty such problems with the boss, but the topic is normal, with your discretion, with your knowledge.  With wisdom and experience you tell him that brother, do it like this, don't do it like this in future, do this, the person who takes your time, if the AB of your device does not follow you, then you will again contact such a farmer.  You will avoid these people who are filled with toxicity and will never be able to do any good for you and you who are your one mojo, the like of MyJio, the body of yours, the joy and vitality in your life, who say that it is okay from inside, every person has one.  There is an excitement in the body, like is the purchasing power of living, people destroy it and you will get this and if you get this, then please write, it is important for me to give you feedback.  I too am like this, I find them like this a lot, please write the day, I don't feel like I am dreaming in isolation of these things and everything is not happening in real life, okay, so I told you this decision that those who criticize you unclick Secondly, I told you that they exhaust you with time and energy like this and don't say anything about them or yours, we just enjoy this. Thirdly, people who do not make you feel good, this is a very big definition in itself. big definition no one in it  There is no logic in this. Even if he has good intentions, even if he is not feeling good to you, wait on him. Normally, this will not happen to our bodies and souls. Even a small child's consciousness is awakened so much that when someone shouts at him, diet.  He knows that I was about to get hurt and he is shouting for my welfare, so he doesn't mind too, so this is a filter in us and you, the audio which is above 2025 years, is in you.  from the mind that  The person who does not make you feel good, many people have a habit about you, like you and the face, it has become a big issue that you have seen that people are like this, hey, he became thin, he became fat, there is no need to tell about it.  That you became black, you became fat, your hair became white, your name became yours, there is no need to comment on these things, Tasty does this very closeness to people once in a while, you have to see that many times people say that.  the one who would rather never live  Remember that nothing is personal, if something is said about you and you feel a little bad about it and the next thing you say, no, this is not a joke, it was meant to hurt you, you are waiting to call him.  If yes, then the exit is saying that I was joking. Whenever in your life, if you come across such people who have to say to you four-five times in a month that I was joking, give them an award. tell them this  Who gave you such a right to joke with me? Such a right can only be given to people related to blood or sharing a room, bathroom and bedroom with you within the boundary walls of the house where you live. But this does not mean that he should also take advantage of it too much, ideally he should also not do so, but only he has this much right, his best friend is a man who does not live in your house, who is not a blood relation, he has no rights, tell him clearly.  We people  We are facing a lot of pain due to shyness. There is a friend who went to the party. He said something. The other four people started laughing. We don't have the courage to alert anyone. There is no courage there. The day we start getting courage, will you come or not? If I go to college, I will not become popular. My friend said, 'That brother is not your friend anyway, he is not your well-wisher. There is something in you which makes money. Yes, I am also happy with you, so it shows that brother, you are whatever you are.  you are staying  He doesn't look so sexy or is that the problem in your life? Either you forgot that there was no sexual promotion at 13, you are feeling unnecessarily happy, you forgot that after 11:00 your child had a tweet about this.  You are not getting admission in college in your only good school. People's comment remind this cheap and his people and note yaar friend it's better to lose them immediately so these three people you should avoid. Later in my life, I will make more videos on friends, which is a big wrong belief system in India, which is formed because of our movies, Jai-Veeru's pair, we will not leave this friendship, friends, this is how it happens, you can know this  There is a huge system which is giving pain and it is also getting its fruits because the close relationships that are there with the wife, with the parents, with the brothers and sisters, they are traveling a lot, they should travel that is why the man is united.  I give  And of course, if someone talks negative about it, then the person gets angry, this is also a pack and I understand this too, I also understand this pain, but I have the solution for all these pains, so do you want this? That he should tell a little more openly on this, but today I have told three things that I have woven without friendship, but whoever wants it, please write obscene things, that is, I would like to tell you something about friendship too, so you can come.  If you develop some people then it has to be given a number like many movies give, isn't this Rahu Scene Singham Movie Witch Can and Discretion Advised 1950 Plus and Wattevarti Ke, this kind of person will remain but he will open your eyes to many because ultimately and  For the sake of laddu lip, you have to go into distraction, not ultimate from others and all the people present, people seem to me going in the wrong direction, you are good, you are very knowledgeable, you will tell people.  5 Ki Hajj someone is needed to tell is the cost of being called out of the house friend, what you are telling is ok because there is a huge commercial angle on all these things which work against you. Look at this, I will leave it to my friends. Also it costs them money, that system does it, so I will tell you how to make this system happy, if your child will be born and not survive, then you needed to do it, then thank you, thank you, share the channel, like the video.  please comment  do thank you