What happened was that Hello friends, Welcome to Funny Reminder Set Series Video Number 3. Today's topic is Rotting Train. Today's Home Video. If you have patiently watched the video and understood it, then I believe that you are basic, which is the key to money and mindset. You will get image benefit in this, so you will watch this video till the end and understand that my investment is very good in these consultations.  People come to me and ask me what I do, please tell me quickly which is the best related product, tell me the top one, tell me the mutual fund or anything else. If they think about what I do, then when they ask, I always tell them that curd.  Don't ask so quickly that tell him this, tell him first you look at the train, what is your echo, how much money do you have and what are you going for, many people come with wrong tax practitioners, this is our  If the friend who is appointing you does not have an eye on investment, then I will understand this trend as you all, whoever uses the train, definitely uses it in two hundred and the advisor has no role in planting this trend.  It is not that he tells you to do this i.e. move that friend forward or backward, when you connect with him he will tell you that in this he has reached this point, now it is your wish to move ahead, so I will understand in this that there is no such thing.  Too  If the strain is used by lions, then the tank which is its tower is zero for the time being, there is zero fruit and there are discounts in it, due to political economic social and lessons, some new things are coming in the market, there is any decision of the government, anything.  So things start happening, at this stage no one knows anything, what is the condition that is being created on her husband, who are market influencers, rich people, Illuminati Gehlot.  The people who are running the world look at these things. The condition has come in score ₹ 15. Now let's make a template around it under which they create a model. This situation comes inside it which will take you to the top. So this is  30 These people invest money and tell that after that the next one goes to 2030. 2030 belongs to those people who are looking at the hard work of 1020 people only, that this is the form of that time, it is not a good thing.  But those people can see, they have the data, they are monitoring the temperament of such people and the difference between those of 2230 is that they will not meet many people, they are not on many groups, they are not at all 9ice, they are sitting peacefully.  I delete myself in this protein group. I am in the group of 2030. With great hard work and a liquid foundation, one gets laughed at. These people must not be doing any job. No one should disturb them.  Must have been 5 to 6 hours, they do something of their own due to which they come in 2030, so the one who is doing his job, who cannot control his daily routine, he supports the dress of 2030 if he comes sometime in 2030. And after that they put their conviction, it enters in 2230, it can be in anything, it can be in straight, it can be in tops, it can be in jobs, it can be in weddings. That train, what is happening in the market, what is happening in the market, the designer is always in the market, now let me look at the stock market, there are different sectors in it, there is the automobile sector, there is the IT sector, there is the infrastructure, there is the cement sector, there is the banking sector, there is the hurricane, there is the interest rate.  If they are doing it then what will happen from it then what will happen from it then they know this in the beginning, they enter the same market at the same time all the time and always remain connected with it as to what it is, these sure people are very  Yes, those who are associated with 2030, who will be the eunuchs of their nearest railway station, they will have friends, they will have blood relations, their own interlinks may not be much but they believe in them a lot, people of 2230 and I have followed them earlier also.  Have done and have got from day before also and these are 100 people in 3240 who do their work as per their orders, so it takes a little train on the strip.  The group of 4750 people, do n't forget to speak to me, these people in the Bhandare are attached with the 3240 people, they have basic requirements for something and they come and are lucky, they believe that they are not cheated.  Let's add it with the martyrs and it is 3250 and it bursts in the market and gets out. When the train crosses the strip, you must have seen in the market that procrastination starts coming.  Bigg Boss, that is, his investors have reduced to this extent, then he tells that the public will never get anything complete. You remember that when you are getting information, what is there is neither cream nor cream, what can we say, milk is good.  The kind of love a buffalo has when you physically see it and take out the Dhupiya yourself, put it yourself, Lord Purity, we are at the same place, you must be smelling an over here, it would have brought back a good environment, but milk is the most.  It is pure and as the milk keeps coming to you, the amount of bread in it keeps on decreasing, the cream keeps on decreasing, so you have to remember this thing, even when you are on a holiday, people do not notice much, but the  They are innocent Bhandari, they have a requirement, they buy a train up to 2250 feet only, those of 1020 have become stylish, the trails have already been built as we wanted, even in 2031 they have already done ITO, they have also invested their money in the world.  50 has also been asked by Trent, how much will it cost, time will tell. There are 5764 questions on which people connect. They are the richest, intelligent, hardworking people. It is best to connect with these people. There are two or three basic questions that they ask.  And they live in money because they get these results but they concentrate completely on their profession. Doctors, Engineers, Lawyers, Chartered Accountants can receive such notifications. As soon as they understand, they are asked three-four questions. Once they understand the thing, these 5260 people put it in and then when their friends get busy in their job, they play good games and write good articles. This is a raw stage.  I would like to say that a lot of sorrow has come in 5260 because look, coming in 3240 seems like you know someone who has retained all this. So 5260 has happened, who are the people in 6270?  There are 6270 husbands who had seen the trend but there is no conviction that no, this does not happen, this does not happen, this will not happen in my house, they cry thinking like this and they see their friend going to 2016, use it a little and fit it and 15216  He will be his senior, will give him a problem, give him the moment, give him the seat, even more, will give him inside it, don't degree left leg, as if the man from Nishidin went into it.  6279 couples silently follow him and then come back due to which 12178 couples are mostly people who for some reason work in far flung areas, they are the people, even my internet does not work at times, it is okay, I have this thing in ONGC.  Paramilitary is in this program, they live in the jungle part, this is the idea, they are actually Bhandari, they are in 4250 category, they actually ignore it, but the problem is with this. Thoughts come and go and look at something, before understanding it properly, the leave ends and then goes away. If you look at the second time of yours, then add it to 4250 to see that all that has already happened on your 7250, so hold there.  Let's take what is understandable, 4251 catches, from now till T-20, the story never gets spoiled till Tasty, there is no spoiled story above, the problem comes, who is the 820 among the two hundred? These are also office painters and do not believe that they live in the device that part of the experience will be that they are champions of skepticism, they always ask the number in the middle of the fund, after that they come again and then say that  They have become fools, the world is useless, it is useless, they do everything and they live in that kind of race, they do their internet research from a distance, they have to do their research from a distance with these eyes, I think they are intelligent, they sound intelligent.  Bin the arguments to see, but it doesn't go to the porn and see the things, it seems that no no, there is a lot of inventory left, related is useless, it is not good even in its stocks, okay, will put this there and say it is very good and if anyone  If the man is telling about some members, then counter news will come, this water has been closed, the mission has come here, it will give the first one, okay, there will be no breathing in the whole of Haryana, Punjab, but the news will be published, it is difficult to breathe in Delhi-NCR Chowk and New Delhi.  It is okay to breathe in Gurgaon, it is okay, they will never say that it is difficult to breathe in Bahadurgarh, it is even difficult to breathe in Hisar, we have water in hand for this also, keep it at your place quickly, but they like to do all these things, now Scientific Course Road, Gurgaon.  In 15 minutes water is big, people have made menace, motor boat is necessary, I have drowned, Gurgaon is useless, court of fun is fun, it feels good to call high and mighty, when it happens in Mumbai in July-August, every city is a thief.  One month in the world one resides at some place or the other, snow falls and some falls but people enjoy it. You can't buy in Mumbai, you can't go there, Mumbai is so much water that you can drown there, the fare is Rs. 7000, stop this and you are Rs. 1000 in the middle.  But go and check whether you are buying it or not, is it a hotspot or what in these cities like I am giving the example of Gurgaon, in Pujanwa 2016, Rs 5000 crores were put into the government and it was completely spent.  We have made flowers and they are there now. They are a little watery. Friends, our English is getting reduced to half a minute. If this city is bad then we will make a good face. If we digest, then we will be fine by staying in the village, otherwise this train is starting for you with them.  I have to add that you should not always be like one to two hundred people that when 80 people have eaten all the cream, you will also add rice and these are the people that whenever these people come, it is time to leave the market which is ten to ten.  becomes twenty one He converts the 70 to 80 in the market and the one who is behind in the 30 is always surprised in the 200th test. He knows that this is the most given Africa. When it is called dry ginger in the house then it is time to do market aptitude test.  It has come now because now there will be no buyers, no treatment, schools are incomplete, a man who is selling thinks that the buyer is a fool, the player who plays thinks that he is a fool, so this  This idiot gives this experiment, then this idiot goes on with this, then here all the idiots are finished, you have nothing left, after this the train comes down again, then they get the story first, then the print has an elegant look, it connects with all the people.  You ask for data points and question what is happening and it was there whenever there is a train, there are always play stores, there are many things, it is not that one train is ending, there is a trend in some other thing somewhere, this is what I am married to.  This is happening but this is what is happening in jobs, people who go to 80 to 90 level do not get job again because engineers are useless and MB is useless, then you will get such skill set which is not only useful in the market but also in VAT.  Because it is close because it is better to do this 10 years before the child, so it is very important to understand the concept of trend very well. Today I have two options. Peek into different asset classes 1  50 to 60 trains are running in the second one, 2030 train is running in the second one, anyone who is interested can connect with me to ask me about this thing, I can give you my WhatsApp number, message on WhatsApp, if you pick up College Satna, then WhatsApp will connect you through the message. Comment in  I will leave my WhatsApp in my due section, if both of them have kids at home then you can add it because in this video I will be so long to explain to you, if not then I have two  From option one is running on bell button now and other is 5260 70th that you can simply take things because there is not much option in all market anyway so if you have any doubt then you can join my channel if it is good. Looks like there are 3 videos in the series now so please subscribe. Next I will do very tense things. Whatever will happen to me, it will not be a fluke, there will be time table things which can take action.  It wo n't be like a satsang, I liked what I heard and then there is some other takeaway. I will talk about the important points in my video. In the last video, I had asked people to wear shirts and all that. In Vidodo, people appreciated it a lot personally. Mobile is available here also, if you people like and subscribe then it will increase a little more, so my request is that those who have not subscribed yet, please watch ahead. Subscribe, I will try in the next video and thank you very much for interesting.