Hello friends, this is a very very short video and a very important message to all the subscribers and audience that please press the bell notification, it means you have subscribed and by pressing the bell notification, give the reason to the oil, I will tell you about it, listen to it like this. In the future, I will be uploading videos only for one warning hour-one and a half hour only for the audience who is subscribed.  That knowledge is for everyone, whatever is there after that will go but it will be according to one's own. Most likely, all the videos will come at 9 pm, it can come on any day at 9 pm, 9 pm time is because Most Likely is not in the office now. You might have eaten the food and food, so the time will be very right, so 9 to 10 to 10:30, it will remain like this, 9 to 10:30, 9 to 10, so if you did not press  If it happens then you will not even know and then you will say show that video, Aamir has not been able to see it, he will go somewhere else, will go into platinum or will disappear, no one will ever know because it will have price history information, some such things.  Instead of watching the video, you will understand something, there will be some review, it may be the review of some product, it may be some favorite information which is market sensitive and in which Abbu but this  The whole war on the left is like that of a teacher, neither does he teach the students nor does he go there, the one whose marks are good, he studies in some other school or whatever he has done for them, you should understand that there is no coach nor does he want that.  The editor whom he was training has won the gold medal and will give vagina to Shahrukh, to whom the court cases are very good, someone is technically good, there is a very good mentor, someone is very good to show this, then he will tell only him, if these are natural, then you who  I have a lot of subscribers, 31,000 plus, so what you have to do is because you will get a notification that it is going to come, mostly if you like systematic laughter, Tuesday weekday, depending on the time and situation, 9:00.  At around 10 o'clock, you should see any expenditure and the subscription you have done. If you have not subscribed, you should be subscribed. Notification of subscription should be like this.  If you press it then there will be a choice in it then press it first, it means that it is normal for you to see four to five to six videos in a month, so if you definitely add this thing then it will be visible in the comment section.  So if you have found it out then do it, I would love to do it. If you want to do it then just write it in the notification. All thanks to you.