Hello friends, let's take the relationship series forward, today our character is Maha Mummy, so I will discuss about these ladies in this role, now I will tell the mother about her plate and teaser fee and 36 about those mothers.  I will tell you that if your mother is in this age group then forward it to her. If you are in this age group then forward it to her. If your wife is in this age group then you must share this video with her. This is a video for all the people and the rest of the family.  There is also a video for because we are going to discuss about relationships. In my consultation, this thing has come out very clearly that today's Indians, especially North Indian women, who are in their late 345 and 36, then eight or nine out of 10 are  Twitter in the world is Twitter, we will discuss this thing, try to reduce bitterness, try to know its reasons and try to make these mothers happy because mother is a word which bar life.  It is going to give you solace and shade and coolness which will turn a person towards bitterness and from there it becomes difficult to get out these emotions. There will be a little deep topic, everyone has to stay connected till the end. First of all there is a button to say what is the result of this, including destructive 34  The research is first division that these women who are in this group, when I told them, their husbands are models towards the time, these ladies have done physical hard work, they are very close with respect to if their husband's status was this in the society.  So you have done this hard work, you have worked hard at this level and today these women see that those whose husbands have this status, their wives do not even do this much and they see their daughters-in-law with good batteries, they even see their daughters, they are wearing these shoes.  So it is because of Vitamin A that we have become fool, we have spoiled our breathing and that of our relatives, we have spoiled our sleep and I have started using it and missing you, this is a feeling, many feelings are wrong.  It is true that the feeling is right or wrong, but if it is poisoning the life, son, then that feeling has to be corrected. The role of Patti and the children is very important in this, hence the husband and children must watch this video so that their  What are the mothers or their wives going through? The second thing as many mothers as they are is the combination of their kids, one is a boy, one is a girl, but today they are becoming one. Most of the earlier ones were two, so there are two sons, two daughters.  Or if there is a son or daughter then it is also being seen that depending on the center of the child on this subject, today's topic is mother, so the reaction is also a little different. Sense of entertainment from the society for mother of fashion. And Hans is smooth resettlement of the horoscope, this is now skill if 0 then the mothers of the boys who are their mothers are subscribed to those mothers who are coming only with the topic.  I am the one who does not discuss, I ask for less. If you like this topic, please like it and subscribe the channel. If you have not done so yet, it increases my moral. I get direct input that I am rich and officer like.  This Topic India Needs to Describe Screen brightness is there only in girls too, which only girls are girls, it is there in boys too, there is a little boy's mother thinking that I have treated my daughter-in-law like this, I don't know. What all did she do with this copy? Keep a lot of people in your life by setting the model but what you expect is that I too am not meeting her and those who are mothers of girls have brought up their girls in such a way that you can do it with your education.  Get a job otherwise you will keep grinding like us. These mothers who are 34 Sorry to use this and difficult truth have done economic slavery of their husbands, now they have got World Economic in English.  I am speaking in slavery but the fact is that they were never able to spend money as per their wish, their husbands did the budgeting everywhere, sometimes these women were able to give gifts to their parents and sometimes they did not give money to the children of their brothers and sisters.  Aunty is engaged to give it to her with husband's permission. I am talking about middle class audience for Til Til. I explain diminutive form election results. Okay, this is true. It is true. You people, as many people as possible from this.  Are you associating with these things? Please write down and comment section. Okay, whenever they wanted something like this, now it was the husband's compulsion. What was the husband's own system? The husband used to say, 'I told my parents, who told the god, your parents.'  If I give money to someone's account, then women's bottom is different, they have a lot of give and take nature but it is okay, men think differently but those women who worked earned their salary because not all were at home.  Housewives, these people spent this money on this and these women and mothers, when they saw these expectations, they noticed that the women who used to work were not their slaves, so when they raised their daughters, So they were reassured that the reason for this is lack of money, it is a different matter that a working lady has a different situation in her life because every man has to give everything to every woman in someone else's plate.  It is more visible but these are the results, their corrective measure is to take the society forward. He is the husband to whom all this has happened, knowingly or unknowingly, he is in the mix of both. Even if he does college today, he will do 5870.  Jyoti, who is watching this video in front of his wife, will say in college that this happened due to the social and cultural, this was my brainwashed friend, my mother had taught me this, the society had taught this, this is me only.  Whatever the idiot applied, even if he extracts it, the pain will be reduced by twenty-five percent immediately. Hundred percent of the pain which has been a plate in the soul, in the body, in every effort, no one can remove it with magic, but mayor and fact of. This one knowledge ment by the husband will reduce the pain and at 25 cents no the child is telling the child party to talk to their parents monthly like this. In Twitter, the mother's take now, in 2015, whose children are in the age group of 336, their mother now has so much deposit. What is the English word 'Niagara'? She has delivered so much on me in life that she does n't even feel that even her desires have to be fulfilled.  Even today they have a lot of desires, some may have to go somewhere else, some may have to travel, some may have to do something and everyone's leaves, when after a certain age they become as lethargic as they are with this decision.  They go into every thing like their pot market, watching TV, watching news, discussing politics, discussing who will win, symptoms of UP, they pass all this time, now women have that feeling, neither can they drive, can they take them for a ride at that age, it is okay.  Now she is ready to give the money, I have not given her the money all my life, God says so much and you, but now this woman, this chakli, cannot even come, the husband is not ready to go, send as many children as you have in your life to the next generation. It's very sad and lonely today  Mother, yes, this is a house in which the mother is not happy and I was not there, but send me the address. Those houses which have happy mothers never progress. Remember, in the house where they say that this lady is the oldest person, now it is okay in our house.  With love they say bad in Haryana, it's okay, it's not a negative, it means every work is done by a big man, women ca n't progress for any reason, their mistake or your mistake, children have to amazon this thing, press that pain. those things  He has to do those things, he has a life, that woman's girls, this was my son, okay, today is the day when your wife is ready to enter, so in my time itself, it means that he has made a mistake in that you have made your son so dependent on you.  I was telling the story of women, right, in that time, relationships are very complex and black and white, this Sama's relationship is very good, it has a very big status in the society, you tell her that she is pure white.  me too him  Can't do it. There was a censored dependency of the woman which she used to put on herself, she used to put it on her husband, she also put it on the children, there was relevance to the society, it was the syllabus, it was there because it was the security of that lady, because there was no job, there was no money.  The pension was a mutual fund, the initials were a mine company, it did not last and in that society, once you get married by paying a lot of money in the marriage, after that you also did not give anything that donkey was donkey, the word which  Used in Haryana, still I do n't know how much is used in Uttar Pradesh and anyone who has more time should know its work, so these ladies are our mothers, they have a lot of products, they struggled and did it out of compulsion, they did it in UP.  He has done it with utmost care and has done it for some benefit. He has many Reliances but that physical struggle cannot be code nine. There is a lot of pain hidden in that struggle. We mothers have to press this paste. How did you guys like the video, please tell us. Children are the new generation, they have to talk to their mothers very lovingly through their medium, on this stomach and they have small desires, no moon and fighting are known, mother has small desires, some want to go to Kashi Vishwanath, some want to go to Tirupati. Someone may want to go to Somnath, is it okay or someone may have some other wish that I should not have tiles installed in my kitchen and someone should install a chimney in someone else's kitchen, that's fine.  Go to the bathroom, put on a channel, anything, it's not about money, whatever small thing is troubling your mother, you can get your father to withdraw the money, whatever bank tax type things he has and your mother's wishes.  You get the shortfall fulfilled, the middle class after 60s does not have money, hence the children are settled here, there are no children, that is, that will be a topic for separate discussion, but you have to tell your mother that money can be seen. Make it account in her life and should not just give up. Ok, now she has to be given a purpose of life because only these pujas, satsangs and such pulverization do not solve the problem. I am seeing many women have done Super Swapna Pranayam and Brahma Kumari, see something, you need your spiritual, have seen and forwarded some on WhatsApp and Mastu Swasti, life will be spent only in that, it is not going to be spent.  It is not easy to find people, you have to find the right purpose for your life, anything is fine, you are educated, you can make someone grow, you can practically make one even in your refuge of pickles and send them, they were always my favourite, people say  The women who have the culinary skills in this age group are the next layer models who are coming, the girls and the boys do not even know how to make pickles, what is pickle, what is carrot pickle, they are our Here the blood runs fine in Haryana and adds carrot halwa, all the things that come these days, this comes to the tainted people, although they have arthritis in their hands, because of the problem, they come with difficulty, that formula is known.  When is it, what and how much do you have to put, then carrots, make your video sex people vomit, make your proposal bigger, become a little happy and make your mothers as happy as you can, it is fine in practice, try to make them happy by talking to them as much as you can.  Do message Yeh Hai Peeda 19 Chini Li Hai End Samaj Holder Patidev Kids And Boys And Boys Neend Se Us Generation Gali Hai What Is The Then Jakar Got A Platform People Subscribe Thank You