Hello friends, today's topic is, I ask in the question, answer the mirror poster so that later when you know the answer, you should know, I thought otherwise, hurry up, I will ask the question, who earns the most money in real estate [Music] Seva Mandal Okay, so now first let's discuss how the knowledge is reduced, then let's discuss what will be the benefit to us from that knowledge. If you have any line parcel, then the builder has bought it. Okay.  If the builder bought it, then he bought it from someone, then he got it registered, he earned money by running from the government, Central Government, Government changes keep happening, it used to happen in different Samastipur that the builder got something, did he also get it or not at 5 percent?  If it is fixed then the builder is also giving his, the customer is also giving his, stop the government or if you get it then it is done in between [Music] [ Music] [Music] Money  When you buy your house, 5 to 7 per cent goes to the pending registration, whether male or female or only male, that money goes to you, it's fine [Music] Do good real estate because there is no hard work in it.  There is a lot of work to be done by friends and there cannot be a lot of tax evasion in this because those things are happening, what is there to get and in this there is no effect of the poor man being a vote bank because the one who owns a house and a big car is not a poor man.  are not Elections will come in two years and the children will come and say that five cities will be built on us. Where is our bne10? Nothing has been done for 15 years. We will build a film city here at Jewar airport. Whenever some government planner asks how much it will be, this Bhojpuri picture Shahrukh and Aamir Khan will be built inside the film city.  Aake karenge [Music] Should be done at all Cisco is not doing any question, question the common man, there is no need to go there where the man's seed is, you are fine.  You can't see anyone, throw away everything, do n't buy in such a place. Second learning: Most photo learning. What is it that you should not buy and sell again and again. If you buy any property on this day, just buy it. Don't sell it again and again.  Think, it won't be a mistake. Here's an example: A woman made 10 tolas with her. Now the woman was even a big model. She thought it was bad, so I can't do it again and again. She made two different designs [Music] Gulshan, it's a joy to do.  It turns out that if you have to file income tax return, you will know what I am saying. Okay, if you are sitting with something like creating a will, then the story of 15 years and 10 years [Music] What do you want to hear, want to understand. How should one understand the cake from it [Music] Government The best way to earn money [Music] How to buy an apartment and in [Music] Keep it in front and sit with the TV and open a book Do it and make notes in it, my request is okay, you will get to learn so much and I will tell you that too, it may happen in your life the next day [Music]