Hello friends, today's topic is in whose name should the property be taken? It sounds like a very simple topic, in whose name should the property be taken, but later on, issues arise regarding some things and some people have psychological fear of these things.  I will address through this video that you are a young couple, newly married, 30, 50, 60, how to take a name, as per the direction in which the society is going, I am in it.  I will also tell you the rules and regulations. It will be very interesting to watch till the end and share it on your groups too. I will tell you two or three things. First of all, property registration is often taken in the name of women to save money because there is less in their name and many times in their name.  It is not taken in the name at all, thinking that the way the rate of divorce is seen in the society these days, people feel pressured to do property in the wife's name. Okay, so I should not mention it in a rule and regulation on the name of the wife.  Even if you do not buy the property, the property acquired after you is worth Rs 50 per wife's default setting, whether it is in her name or not in her name and the reverse is also true. If it is completed in the name of the wife, then it will be yours at Rs 50. So in this  You have to get only 50 rupees, remember this, there are many boys in whose marriage they feel that there will be trouble, then keep it in mother's name when the divorce proceedings start, as it is said that war is inevitable when  Once it starts, the judge knows when the marriage took place because you cannot move the date of your marriage back and forth, he keeps the record of it, when did you take the property, that too, you cannot move it back and forth, so you took it in your mother's name.  So the money must have been yours because mom does not earn anything, whether you took a loan, whether you gave from the account or whether you paid, the judge would not have taken two minutes to say that brother, half is in his name and half is in mom's name, so mom.  sell half In a situation where you have money, this is a smart act, there is no need to be very clever, it cannot be done according to the rules, so when you get married, accept this fact of life, otherwise don't do it, don't be so nervous and according to women.  Look, if you look at one thing from their point of view, someone's daughter has come into the house, it is okay for you as a daughter-in-law, then she has also left everything and has come back, a case had come to me long ago. My husband means a brother says that my  To  Ansel property is to be given to father, not to sister and how to do that, so I said, friend, give it to sister also, why don't you want to give it to Ansel property? It is five times more property in the house where sister has gone, so I  Today I want to tell everyone through you because I am showing a mirror of what is right for the society that the daughter-in-law has no benefit in the property of her mother-in-law and father-in-law, there is no share, I will make a separate video on the Iron of Inheritance under that.  In  Let me explain that the daughter-in-law who is in the property of her mother-in-law and father-in-law, she should get rent, her entire life will be 60-65 years, she cannot wait for something to happen, I will get something, her life expenses, her own status does not improve, so if you are a  If you are the father of a girl then do n't give it to yourself. Don't give it to you. Do n't reason with it. Do n't want to give it to your subconscious. Do n't want to give property to girls. Situation in the houses where girls are not given  There is no progress in those houses, this is also a fact, the girl is Mercury, according to astrology, that should be done, but saying that she will get benefit, she will get it and there is no benefit in getting that, I will tell you about it when I make that video.  Then coming to the point that never give 100% property to your wife, 5050 is the ideal ratio. I have seen many women, I have been married for 35 years. Fevicol has become a strong joint. It is okay in the beginning.  So it doesn't happen that new marriages happen, but Favi Gal has become a strong couple, they have two children, they have been together for 30 years, the entire property is in the name of the wife, tomorrow when favoritism comes, the daughter-in-law has two sons, one of them is a favourite.  One is less favourite, there are two daughters, son-in-law has an affair, son-daughter, whatever is the system, the man in it, who is called the head of the family in our society, has named it in his wife's name, he wants tomorrow.  That now it is like this, then whatever the wife says, she says, I don't do like this, I have to do it like this, you will see her like this, oh God, you just watched the latest movie, the tenth one, Abhishek Bachchan is in it, Amrit Kaur is in the beginning. Dekha hai roti khaoge ji aaoge ji shri so underconfident f he becomes CM and goes to jail and then you see what happens ok ya all doz hu have seen the movie I will not be a spoiler alert  If you look at me, then never give 100% to the wife, keep it at 50, maximum pay at 50, you take it, this is the best because what is the point of registry also, income tax rebate will be saved on 1, if both earn, then they will get rents, if they come.  Adjust the rents also. If the wife does not have any income, there will be some benefit in it, then it is best to always go for joint this thing, it will also give peace to the wife.  Yes, my friend, he does believe in me, he has the property in his name alone, psychologically he also feels that yes, this much will be in my name, because if something bad happens to the land tomorrow, then the property which will be in the joint name, will be transferred to him etc.  It is relatively easy, your name is already there, so you do not need to prove many things because your name exists as a property, it is very much that and at any time, the society is doing it out of fear that I will do it.  Should I name it in his/her name? Well, many people forcefully put the name of their parents or put it in his/her name also, when neither the parents are giving money nor there is a need to put it, then you have to remember this thing that if the sibling  It's okay with you and you have put 10 rupees in your name to please your mother, which is with your wife, then when half of that 10 rupees will also belong to your brother or sister according to natural hair, then that is useless. Don't forcefully take the trouble of this is just. If you are an only child then it is a different matter or if you are investing in such a way that you are also developing that sibling, then it is okay that the sibling also has a share of 20%, it is yours too. Mom also has this kind of system, if we are taking it together, then by all means, otherwise, don't spread Raita and sometimes people are very surprised that she is a girl, so there is no share in it, we will not give anything.  It wo n't happen brother, time has changed, you also know what test is, so don't assume, things are fine and that is the seed of discord and you should avoid assuming property in the name of women but take it till 50.  Put your name on it, that is the best because whatever it is, it has to be settled ultimately. If you have to settle on 5050, then there is no way that it can be played. 50 50k