Hello friends, today's topic is what can we learn in life from the match of India vs England. You will say why am I smiling so much, if India lost the match then I am not celebrating the loss of any match, India did not lose, Indian cricket.  Team Hari Hai India, a video is being made for it in live life, there will be a lot of trolling by the cricket lovers, but I want to tell you that every match started for like 3 hours, how many times did it start before that, why are we in this country? Time  We are wasting this on a sport which we cannot afford today in our country. The British have sucked us. It's ok and even today I mean country man, we can't afford it. I have nothing against cricket players, Rohit ji is very great, Virat ji and Hardik Pandya is great, Surya Kumar Yadav ji is the greatest, this is his work, brother, there will be no benefit in watching him become rich, we should not waste our time. Below I know 5 comments right now.  They might be typing that why should I watch your video, there was time wasted in that too, there is time wasted in my video too, I do n't get to learn anything in life, my own life doesn't go from here to here, there is no value addition, I don't get clarity, I don't have control in my life.  If you do n't get history of earning money, Sukanya, then don't look at me too, I am also saying the same thing, I am telling this to say why this match has not been held in America, the match is fine, we cannot waste so much time, T20 which is the shortest form.  he is from the match  It itself takes 4 hours from the toss to the presentation center and before that on the news channel and after that it is not worth it to be in. If you agree with this theory please type agree with those who disagree. Why should the happiness of our life depend on the number of cricket teams? It is very old fashioned thing to lose. Why are there not so many in our lives? If you are young today, look, if you are 60-70 years old then there is nothing to do in life.  Hey brother, watch all men's cricket, watch test matches also, watch everything, youngsters are busy in making dream11, I don't know, I will invest ₹ 50, I don't know, I will become a tycoon here, dream11 is being made, all your resources are falling short, so all these stars are promoting top.  Stars of cricket as well as films make a team and nowadays they have to put a disclaimer that ' this is this team making is very adjective' read ' play carefully', it shows the meaning and not the cigarette.  Smoking, take care of your health. Hey brother, things are not right. Why are you taking the country down? Now one of our neighbors is our country. God, now I will get a trolley on this too. Take selfies etc., brother. The match is fine for the people there, the neighboring country.  Now he is in it, so I think it would be good if he wins so that he gets relief and peace. Now you will say, you have said this about him, yes, you have said that our country does not need so much, they are winning so much, not good, Jette.  Good very good, don't get so involved, our life itself is a game on and in that game we are batsmen and we have to score runs, how many runs can we score, we have to get out once but we are wasting the balls on it i.e. the time.  There will always be a ball in the form of a batsman, you cannot get out as long as the match is of life, but instead of what trades he will make in his match, what difference will it make in their match even in a few days, then the team will go to New Zealand.  should not have fed him  You should not have fed him, do it like this, do it like that, then some record will be made, if the photo has a name, there is no mark, why is it our Olympics, which is our two-two-four -four five-five 10 minute support which is visible.  It is also fun that he killed me, threw me somewhere, went to run away, did something, boxing, boxing for three-four minutes, their wrestling, two-four punches, seven, I do n't even know anything about them, they stay here for 4 hours, such meetings are such an empty country. what about us, our country so much  Just imagine, two heads worth Rs 140 crore, how many edits are being done and children are being edited in their teams. Hey, read it, learn something new in 4 hours, you don't know what a person can achieve in life, a little start of the score.  I feel like tea, you drink 10 cups of tea, no, it feels like a small cigarette, I don't take very small cigarettes, it doesn't come from 10-20 cigarettes, brother, check the score in between, sometimes do it for 10 minutes. Hotstar, watch the highlights on someone, you have to slowly go to zero, why are you so connected, date is this question, why are you a fan of someone, why do you care about someone, see the meaning in someone's life, the intoxication of film levels is breaking and has been broken. According to me, the addiction of Bollywood levels has been broken, whatever reason it is, it is a very good thing, but I think the addiction of cricket should also be broken, Hare Jeete, no problem, play friend, don't do your best all day.  Friend, don't get so involved, do you people agree with this thing, should there be a campaign for this, to tell someone that if you are looking for happiness in life as much as them, then you will feel sad even if you lose, and also I want to ask everyone. I haven't seen the matches, so the result is fine and I slept comfortably for an hour, I am telling you what I did at the time of the match, okay, then I was just drinking tea, so this is how it came in the feed, okay, so I  said friend this is how it is made  Tell me, it becomes even better after seeing the school. Why are we looking for excitement in the last ball of the match? This is what happened to him and he didn't even reach there like this. Why are we looking for adrenant in these? Why can't we find fun in the comfort of this place?  We are not having any adrenal investment, we are not having any ups and downs like this, why are we not living all this, you see how rich and Roman is not rushing to be rich at all, I am not a procession, I am that triple middle class.  rich oh rich  I am not like that, but when we Mukesh Ambani ji Ambani ji and his people keep saying heh heh, they are adding jobs, giving power to everyone, giving value addition in the country, they are reducing everything, we hate the middle class in them.  And do you know how to say this to a rich man who is doing this here, come on come on, I don't understand this, I don't understand this, who is adding value to your life and whose life  To you  It is up to you to decide how you want to be followed, I don't think these people are role models in any way, I don't think they are role models, you think they are role models, you are not criticizing them, you are belittling them.  They will teach cricket, they will play it and it will be made such that now they will make IPL, then somewhere else they will play so much cricket, India will win, somewhere the score will come, then they will lose, then they will win again in India, I say again and again, India will win, Indian cricket team, slap him nationally.  To  Thappad India vs Not Like India is fine, the whole system of social media is now on Twitter, now on it, why are we wasting our country's time, it has no identity in luxury and it is easy to boycott it with your man and yours.  And do n't create too much noise, anti is fine, although I am making a video to make everyone aware about my subscribers, they will steal the time of your life, all of them will be in your hands, dream11 team will be caught for winning ₹50.  Will a soldier ever win Rs 500? Do you have to live your life like this? Do you have to live life like this or not? Today human being, I have woken up in the morning, I have to use my time till evening, what have I learned, Investment, Investment Opportunity, Mani, Understand Relationship, I see how in between.  Many times clips come, some come, how emotions go up and go down like this, Chhakka Laga Gaya Showing D Misery Male Personal Life, like us, we are a little bit above that.  If you can wake up then wishing all the best to you, the process is fine, it is good, it will heal them, I think that our countrymen, we have brother's agenda and work on hand, we have to make our country a middle class country and the economy.  We have to take it forward, as soon as we hit seven-eight trillion dollars, it will be seen when we have free time. We do n't have the luxury to reduce it right now. According to me, right now such youth do not have to do the best in productivity. And what do you guys think about it?  You have to say, tell me the shortest form of T20, they watch it for four hours on Monday, watch the one with 50 overs, add it, watch the Test match, then add more of that, reduce watching all this like you did with Bollywood.  You have stopped watching automatically, you become free in life, watch something else, if you have to fill this time, you have to fill it, your time is free, when time is free and you are in a mood, only then do you decide to watch something.  and at its time What do you want to do to fill yourself a little, then watch some such content which adds value, which takes you towards practicality in life and gives you power, after watching which you feel like, after watching this 10-11 minute video, do you feel like this?  It seems that Han Yaar, he is talking, everything is fine in life, I mean, what do you call me, you have to do something like this in your life, take out that diary and see what you did during the day, watch consume, it's un-content, cricket match, this.  Content like this youtube video mind this d content yes you can judge me also content kaisa hai old video yeh wala a gaya aane aane please judge but consume that content consciously like khana ko consume consciously karna hai i hope i have bin able tu deliver  D Larger Message: Those who agree, please write about this thing in the comment system. Agree and those who feel that no, no, we do not.  So this drug type is needed, cricket is ours, cricket is in the blood, cricket is a religion, then tell me if the religion is ok then I will also get an idea as to how much of our audience I will get the idea of, ok thank you.