Hello friends, Indian Education System and Teachers, this video is very important for you, if you are a teacher and you can give it to those who are married to you, I am specifically targeting them, the rest of the audience also has to listen, it is a short video, so you must watch it.  This can be for any other kind of teacher who is teaching anything, it can be lecturer, professor, also, it can be for anyone teaching in coaching academy, this can also be anybody.  In this profession of teaching education system, many people say that it is like this, it is like this, let it be like this, peace has come, this is the one who is not going to talk about the teacher, because of this, it does not suit anyone unless the lot of the teacher is  It doesn't work out well, it means there is no upliftment for the teachers themselves, till then I don't think education is going in a very good direction. The biggest problem of teachers is that someone becomes a teacher by first choice.  How are they, it is a completely different system, teachers jump like this, this is the truth of life, I have planned many special things for teachers, whatever you teachers can WhatsApp, you can WhatsApp me [Music] Because of  The number of technology teachers has been high. You have seen that there are teachers who have been teaching for 24 years and earn some normal amount of money. They are like fans who get money and those who are 24 years old earn money.  He is a teacher, he wears a shirt and does the style thing, he is running out of money at the dhaba. What is this disconnect? A person has been a teacher of his subject for 24 years and a 24 year old boy will break the girl, kill her, will he do it?  Will give like this, India is ready, this is India, how did he reach there and started the unicorn, this rest of the teachers kept sleeping, you people, there is no brand of teacher, the teacher does not even know, the platform is different, songs. Like the teacher gets sucked, the school guy sucks the property [Music] I am Singh, I have to raise you above this, I will try, I want to make my small effort, so Jodi, you guys related to T and the teacher, let's see how we can take it forward logically. If you can, please, if you are not a teacher yourself but know any teacher in your circle, in your relative's friend's circle, in your family's acquaintance, then please add them through this video, ok with me given below.  numbers passed And this week, okay, in the next 1 2 3 4 days itself, some programs to take it forward, Puri Puri, and whatever you bring with the channel from a different perspective, I don't do that thing in the air like that, I am connected to the ground.  Like a leader, a person who is practical, like him, I will tell you some practical things, some things cannot be told through video, just make a video here for 10 minutes, things which cannot be done by consuming them at a particular time and making efforts.  Consuming it can be done if it takes the same amount of effort so please share this video with all the teachers and this video is applicable only for next 48 so it's okay because after that we start thing this over give there is no point connecting after date so when  Also, if you are listening to this then its limit is yours, see this, it is 48 hours, so you can react quickly in that time, thank you.