Hello friends, today's topic is Indian parents and their service. It is going to be a very interesting topic. Everyone is going to enjoy it. Parents will also be helped, children will also be helped, society will also be helped, the country will also be helped. Share this video with everyone and  Listen carefully, I am going to tell you in this, parents, in today's time waiting for 2023, so this is the retirement of the system, what else has to be done, what should the children also have to do and what should the parents also change in their thinking.  If you want to do it then let's start first from where does the retirement from service come from? Those who were born in 1950, who are now senior citizens and are parents, have to do service then where does the retirement from service come from, you tell me this is ok and  Is she coming? Her parents had got her served. What was the service? Brother, please make hot water somewhere in the house because what was an old lady? There were more people living in the village than a lady.  I am also talking about the example of a man, you understand that physicality used to be very low, so when he became quite like this by the age of 45-48, his life expectancy was also less, he was on time and the new girls who came in started reducing their physicality and those who were ladies.  Whatever it was, she sat down on the letter, there was hot water, clothes were also washed, but these days, hot water passes, so there is no need for that service, there is a room with hot water, does anyone have a house?  There was a daily need to send a letter to him, brother, the letter was sent, earlier there was a system because service had to be done, retirement is not half of it, but this is not a fantasy of the parents, retirement of service is such today that the way I speak is my service.  When will the doctor come to inquire about my condition? Does anyone do this? Why do you want to serve? If you do service then why don't you wish to God in a very bad situation that your hands and legs keep moving and your hands and feet keep moving while moving.  Go on teaching the next generation how to serve, you should understand that first of all you have to serve your parents, first of all boys should not talk to their wives, the first thing is that the girl is a girl, isn't she? She has to settle down in a new house, she has to bring life to life, life will not be her focus and if she has some energy, then she does not have parents, she will serve them, your husband comes a little behind, but what service can be done, listen.  my words to you  If the parents are short of bank, then they have to download the app and learn it on the internet. I am not talking about the extremely poor and very lower class here, my audience is not from the educated middle class and I am catching them. Your father is always worried about going to the bank and by the way, mother shows that she helps father, but father is running away from mother, he will go out for two-four hours and call in the name of the bank, in need of service. No, have you seen all these serials? If half of these serials are there then banks would be closed. If senior citizens start doing their work on the internet and updating their passbook every 5 minutes, men take it with them in the same way as women, women want that son somewhere.  Take him with you because he goes to the bank, it's okay, he does n't take you anywhere for a trip, nor does he know how to drive, this month too I am downloading Uber Ola, download this app, technology is not just that, according to me India is soul dependent. This means that here No one should need anyone. A wife should not need much of a husband. A husband should not need a wife. Parents should not need children. Children should study for their parents. Don't hang around, friend. This is it.  It is our culture, he is talking about western influence, how will brotherhood increase like this, okay, when will you take me for a tour, by doing this, a lot of the country is growing, Uber Roller, I can go, you don't know how to press 4 buttons, you do n't know how to do Paytm.  Do n't know how to do Google, sit near mom, tell mom, put on glasses, phone, all the women and all the elderly people are busy with their good ones but are roaming around all day, watch this video, watch that and forward this, all of that is understood. Yours will be worth Rs 5000 only, don't keep the same bank where you kept your big money. And like it happens in this, I can solve all the things if you want, but if you want to hang it, you want to do church, you have to be empowered, isn't it?  Son, they pay me this while recharging my phone, son, please recharge my phone, why doesn't the son teach me at once, why doesn't the daughter teach me how to recharge the phone, press the button and you are not even given a package of one year.  If you have to recharge half of the month, then the parents are looking for no less, just check that too. My child does not take care of me. You see this, when the child used to call you again and again, he used to do some things in childhood, he used to give you teeth. The whole time means that you also focus on it.  So many times he is busy, he doesn't call, he doesn't come to meet, you go to meet, hey, he goes to meet, but he is always busy, he is busy with something, so you too are busy, tell me all the parents, friend you guys. In the time of those who are today's parents of 25 30 35 40 years old, in your time when you were of their age then there was confidence in you, letters used to be sent and telegraph used to reach in 10 days.  He used to reach during the day, the rest of the calls were not received, the trunk calls were not being made, there was no one to bother about, you sent four WhatsApp messages to the child today, you did not respond to good morning and good afternoon, so he was done.  This is less, keep giving your presence, how many speeches did you make in your life, tell me what was there, it was nothing, sometimes that letter used to come like 'Han Bhai, this calf was born in the village, this happened till that letter was posted etc.  The problem would have been solved by this, then you would say, then you would write a letter that I will come again on a date after a month, then go and see like this, till then all those problems, WhatsApp video call and that reaction when you demand so much, look at their time, you have to understand.  Time is a resource. Moment is a resource. You have to be shared with him and her with his spouse and when he and she become a father than mother with him.  Children and on top of that his boss is also working where he is and he will not give that much time. Well, you have nothing but you look forward, you date only if you make something of your own in your life, you look forward, you say here.  That we gave you happiness, now we have grown old, you give me happiness, now you have to find your own happiness and I am sharing my happiness with the one who is not getting it, I am telling happiness in him that I have made the picture, learn to do that from within. He  If you have joined, then serve the parents in a practical way, do not show off to them, all the contact numbers are less, there are emergency numbers, a rickshaw puller, an auto rickshaw driver, a doctor, a hospital next to the nurse, keep the numbers of the hospital yourself, give them also.  While updating them with technology, go in such a way that they do not become helpless and do those small things throughout the day. Parents have time to learn those small things and whatever I tell them, parents.  We are learning that those who are independent today are happy and the one who has to depend on their children for everything is unhappy because the child says wait for you, how much will I wait for you, I told you yesterday.  I told you yesterday that my son's glasses are broken inside the gardener, son, you get them fixed, they will get fixed today when you come home, friend, you should know how to fix them, it will go away, everything will be done by Amazon.  button  Press it and tell whoever you want. Press the button and tell it. Once everyone's children have taught me that both the children and the parents are very happy. Oh, that's all there was, that's all, there was nothing more than this, ₹500, ₹600, but the driver.  You can get it for 5 hours, it's a lot of time Rakhi, I know that no driver passes for a month, he doesn't have less per day, he has to go to four places only four times in a month, if he has to go four-five times, then who cares for 6 hours? How many times will it come out?  It happens that you feel that the child will take up time, why would I spend the money? Put a value on the child's time. If your child is spending less than ₹ 10,000 per day and you are given the opportunity to give him 6 hours, then that is not free to you.  Found that your family suffered a loss of Rs 10000. What do parents sometimes do in their own veins? Parents are far away, sorry, children are far away, some are here in a foreign country, some are here, so what is happening these days, youngsters are sitting idle.  If you don't have a job, you will find someone among your relatives. To some, he may seem like an uncle, to someone like an uncle, I think if anyone seems like him, he will call them and then tell his children, I will do it myself, mine will be like that.  It's okay, go Rohit, go Mohit, go Naya, whatever name you use, it's okay, they do the notary for me, are you misusing them, are they also someone's children, your brother's, your sister's or you?  of a relative  And he goes to Kanchi Shaikh that he is aunt, uncle, uncle, whoever it is, you will have to give something to them, no matter how much hard work you want, they gave you the laddus like this, you are no less than me, they are less than me. In things also you have to see that from the new generation you will learn to be self-reliant and manage the expenses. Half the crying of the elders will end. If the money is there, what does it do with the children? And that is not possible, how is it? He says what is the reverse motive with the bank that it is my property and I am living in it so I cannot sell it so you do this reverse mortgage and give me some money per month, now with that money I can live my life.  I will make a living. You want to do things based on what parents do. Now we do not take passage from children. We say that while giving time, the child cannot give time because he does not have his own time and has to spend more because he wants money. Today you wish for him. you will leave for 30 years  After 20 years, what should they do till then, how should they wait till today, Kate Bhai, because there is time but their time is not limited, now they think that when someone gives you small children and you are a woman who is working at home, then there is a child.  When he was crying, I would leave him a few times higher, he would do it like that, ha ha, and he would keep moving around like this, when you are entertaining me by standing all the time, now we have reduced it, so I have let it break down next to you.  I gave you this today  I have given this in my hand, this is also a ton of weight, it is modern today, keep looking at it, keep doing less with this, with the help of this, life will be spent and it is a very good thing, even then it was not used for the old ones, it is a very good thing, people.  Talk to people, watch good YouTube channels, watch videos and support your children. If you come to know about any new or good thing, then tell that person. Don't forward this blindly with people. They want to improve the health of children so much by making everything healthy.  give the video  You should not drink all the milk. Why should you drink the next milk? The second cheese is bad. This cheese is very good, which means don't do this one too. But in general, if you find out that something is right, then tell me. Don't overload it with conflicting information.  You should not accompany me and yourself throughout the day today. Take it with you and keep it for yourself. If you find out anything like this, I want to tell one thing to the elderly that there is no need for such transplant consultancy. Very good reminder.  Generation and if you think that you have so much knowledge then try to monetize it, see if you are not ready then rely on it, it is not knowledge then do not be proud of it, I am also telling you this but there are many people who have experience. This is the conflict resolution of life. If you have genuine knowledge, then you reduce these. People should go to the park and sit down, take their chairs and tables, take them out. Here, these calming aspects are reduced. ₹ 200 is fine. Enjoy your creativity in something and all the other parents who used to fill the application used to pay ₹ 10, he will pay for someone else, he will pay for this, he will pay for this, like now, what is the case with those who are retired, there is a lot more government money than that.  Which is this life expectancy thing in November, if people are struggling in this, they do n't know how to upload, what to do, you find out and then share the knowledge with everyone and then say brother, give ₹100 for two teas.  Make me drink, feed me samosas, do interesting service, don't force me to serve, pray to God every day that my children do not have to serve me, God give me such a situation in life that I never have to serve because when I have to do it, it will happen. Do you want to bring the situation first in order to try her that I will see whether she will do it or she will not do it? In the name of guarantee, you make the relationship so bitter that then just write down that no one will do it for us. We need time pass. We need sweet words. If your children do not talk to you then it is your fault because you do not have coolness. It is a simple thing, you call them and they will fall in love. They do not need your preaching because they love you.  Just as you have seen their life, they have also seen your life, whether there is a question about your health or your fitness and happiness, whether you have become rich or poor, they know everything, if there is something that will attract them in you then they will automatically see it.  They will call and ask, Papaji, Mom and there are very few such people, but there are such parents whose children do not even take a step without asking them and it is not that they have controlled them, you have not controlled them at all, but that is their wisdom. Their children are so good that they look like their parents, they are generally cool, they are less relaxed, they are successful, they are not found anywhere, so they will act like this, the parents are bitter, aren't they, and their children are within the category of 'rondhu'  If you are in the following category or not, then put the service in perspective. We have to help him by removing the word 'seva' and instead of 'help', we call him 'help' and even better than 'help', there is a word in English that I am remembering - empower us to our parents.  We have to empower them so that they don't feel helpless. We don't have to become their parents. No child can become the parent of a parent. Every parent has to see their children ahead of them. How did you feel? Please empower each other.  Enjoy that, thank you very much