Hello friends, today's topic is very interesting. Parents and parenting and getting bound out syndrome. People have heard this a lot in jobs. They have also heard about getting burnt out in the job and then how to do it. Tired of spending all the time in English word parenting in India.  If this is happening and should not happen and what should be done, then this video is for all the parents, it is also for the elderly parents and you youngsters in your 20s or your early 30s.  For this reason, if you have children then you should understand, but perhaps this has happened to your parents too and you have to show them this video. If it is okay then this video has to be spread in the society, it will be beneficial for everyone. Respective Page Family Group End Whatever I am saying to him, I am talking quietly, you can agree with it or not, but I am giving this template, I am giving the topic of discussion, this is discussed while sitting over tea, is n't this on video call, how are you, son, how are you apart from that.  talk too  I am giving this topic to discuss and share it with all of you through a video. By putting so much emphasis on being protective and giving children their genuine needs, then they do not call them available. Bhai Patera, Bhatera, it is a Haryanvi word.  Which means more than enough, okay now can't do date, now you have to see that and they are doing it mentally and not in practical real life and the offer is to our women who are my housewives.  There is one thing that according to me, every woman in India should do, it is done at home, there is no value for the house, then who will do it, some other woman will do it, to whom you will pay money and anyway you are giving it, okay, then what about mahilayon in printing?  Role: If I tell you, parents, you keep worrying and doing everything, your body becomes like this that you just get out of here, you are a girl, it means you should clear the competition in college and leave the house, you get this feeling and  today's These days, children are not going anywhere. These days, even 24 year old children are at home. Look around you. 24 years, 25 years, 23 years, maybe once they go away, then come back home and it is like this in big cities.  There is nothing, they are not getting the job that they have to do, they are preparing for the competition, they are sitting at home and just keep preparing, and their parents keep beating them so much, keep beating them so much, keep beating them so much, keep beating them so much.  are finally  Many children want to go to a foreign country after being born because they say that if they stay then the relatives will also let them live, even the parents will not let them live, you did something, something happened to you, the exam happened, what is your plan, what is your plan, what is your plan and so on.  That's because they never relaxed their Swabhaviyon again, they threw away money on the best education, the best tuition, the best, their higher education world becomes their own, after that they lose the job from there and their browser  It is shown in the prospectus that ours are like this: 25 25 30 35 40 lakh rupees. Parents should spend it. Parents say that we have taught you so much, spend 30 lakh rupees and this is the bharnaut of the apparatus. Children are worried about money as well as emotions. Enjoy their childhood, have fun and let them live too and you will have to support them for a long time. Like a friend, don't note down for the first time, I agree, time, energy is limited, someone.  A parent is not one who does not want the best and the best for his children, but brother, this capacity within you is limited, I suggest you to spend your energy, emotions and money slowly, do not burn out on your children. The topic is deep for me, I am big from inside.  I am making sure that the parents will understand this thing and will explain it because even after the marriage of the child, if you are the parents of a girl or like the parents of a boy, today the girl wishes for money, the boy wishes for the salary is not much, parental support is needed.  to the daughter-in-law  The daughter needs support, she has your grandchildren, they will be the grand children, you will have to support them, you have already become exhausted, you have already burnt out because you have already given everything, as it happens if you do Havan.  So, the materials available in Havan, you must have seen and then they put everything little by little on Swaha, then everyone gets it from the plate. Okay, now you should know what is the duration of Havan, how many mantras are there and in each one.  me like this  Just like you, I also participate in all these activities wholeheartedly, so I observe that those who don't know, they all give a team in the beginning and then the plate becomes empty, now that mantra is going on, that building is going on.  As far as life is concerned, you have nothing to do there, you have already sacrificed everything, now you are sitting, do you want to ask from someone else's plate or the Pandit ji says that it is okay to give a little less, he will give more if you want.  fire  Whatever is there in it, it has already been added to it, there is a procedure for it, Pandit ji will add his ghee, the rest of the people who are sitting will add it in the fuel mixer in ideal ratio, only then it is good in the environment like a medicine, it has an ideal ratio.  There is an ideal input in everything in life. If you increase the input then your petrol gets exhausted. You drive the car at 120, that is, drive at 70, 80 in fourth and fifth gear. Come on, fuel efficiency will last for a long time because what time is the meaning of all this, which I am making till now in the video, I want to tell the basic thing that the retirement of parents of children is going to last for a long time, which is the economic cycle going on right now, children are not leaving anywhere.  You won't even be surprised, you won't be able to leave it, it happens in two to five percent cases that you will do it well and it will work. The video is always made for 90%, if it is not made for 10% then it is 10%. People do not need to write ever, it is not like that, it is set for us, this is done brother, it is less than 10%, now it is applicable for 95%, what I am telling you is that if the daughter-in-law wants to get a job, she is 25 years old.  She is a girl, how will she have a breast, she is left behind after having a child, no one comes to her, the government has given her maternity leave, she has given a Rakhi in private, all the facilities have been given, but brother, does the child become a superman in 6 months?  Now the child is raised like a man, father, who are you, grandparents, grandparents, you are CCTV cameras, no life, no woman, no medical trust, Indian parents can't leave even today, this is the biggest thing, no man can leave the heart that beats today.  Sakti leaves the child behind alone again 5% Video is being made for 90% She says brother, I left the job because Mani, you came for 2 months, mother-in-law did not come for 2 months, I could not make it for 7 years  The daughter-in-law wanted to see if she has a brother or I thought that I will see myself, I am a girl, why am I in your family, the name will be yours, Sharma ji, Verma ji's name is coming to me, we are proud ji, Bansal ji.  It is ours, that also happens, now I say these things openly, only then do people like them. Am I doing something in this? Am I taking someone's side? I am telling the truth of life, so we should talk about the girl's man.  I have to help the girl  Also, don't spoil your relationship with your mother-in-law. Yes, you have to bear a little and understand. Don't do so much for the benefit that you do n't come. And boy, if your mother comes, then who will see your father, that father will also let you go, if both the mummies come, then your mother will come. Adjust with me, I want to tell mummyyon also that you will get rid of them too in the society, otherwise keep giving them six cups, 10 cups of tea from morning to evening, do not leave them for a while, I am the only one who is alone in the house, your husband.  I am telling you, Indian parents, don't be limited in money, do n't be limited in energy, resources are limited, I have given such a lovely example of suhaag, your material is limited, you have to spend on marriage also, you have to spend on education also, you have to save everywhere.  Try because there is a lot of need ahead, you cannot do it like this, this is the dialogue, they speak in Haryana, bass, this is fame, I am all, you know yours, we are dead, this is enough, this is not a good thing, don't do. I see that she is done putting all the plates, brother, I am gone, it is not possible, it is not possible, and then you have spent your money unnecessarily all over the place, you child is in trouble, the parents have a heart, don't they?  Dhadke has Indian parents, then you will invest in your reserve fund for your old age or in your property or if you do something then start reducing from the beginning, initially prepaid, I have to do it for 30 years. In the push start car, I have to support him from behind, it is okay till he rides his bicycle, I have to hold him behind, which is the handle, the father always has to hold the person behind, it is okay, it means not to let the child fall from the bicycle.  Whenever the time comes to fall, then she should catch me. I am saying this more to a successful father and a father of parenting because mothers only worry, it is okay, unfortunately, I do not see a proactive role of mother in Indian women, according to me.  to r  Not bringing you from the table to a country as much as you should do. Now I will say that I felt bad that my mother, wife, everything is there with the daughter, there is the whole system but they are not all, not bringing, I am not personally telling anybody, do very good to someone.  But today, if you look at any country, they are not doing what they can do because they are maximum concerned about everyone, so they are mothers and maximum responsible.  For burning out because you have worried so much inside, relax a little, you will keep burning it quickly and on high flame, then that fuel and ghee and gas will be exhausted for you. I hope you understand the larger message. How is the kamyabrah video?  I thought you guys should share such videos less and parents should not do anything. After this video, those who are printing from tomorrow, take a deep breath, the numbers which are coming will come, these numbers have nothing to do with it.  There is nothing to be done with the marks of 10th 12th, then you will compete, then you will get a job, there is relief, if you find it, then there is the trouble of finding a girl and boy, if you don't find it, then it will be fine, its trouble is, it will be fine, then those children will do it or not.  She has a problem and then the child gets well, by God's mercy, it is her issue, and if the child is born, then she does not turn away from them, then she is dependent on her support for every step, everything is fine in life, you and father are fine atm.  You have become a machine, you put a card in your mouth and you understand a man, neither have you become a long race horse on your own, you have become a long race horse, you have not become Usain Bolt, but you have killed the soul meter race of parenting and you have just won the gold medal, you have not won, you have just finished the long marathon, parenting.  If it is a marathon then I hope it was successful with the examples. How do you like the examples for me? Tell me, many people like USB. This is the original content, not cut, copy and paste from somewhere. You will not find it anywhere, you will not find it on social media, nor on WhatsApp forward, nor on articles, that is a different matter, if articles are published after my video, then check the date of this video, there can be a topic on it after this date, but this  If you will never get anything before the date, please let me know. Thank you very much.