Hello friends, Indian parents, their narrative and progress is perfect, this is a topic, I bring unique topics, if you enjoyed listening to the topic, then like it. This is an audit time, which is more applicable for those below 50, they can just take action on their interest. But those who are below 50 also have parents and they will also be parents, so there is a need to understand them from both the sides. When we are growing in childhood, recollecting ourselves is one of the responsibility of the parents.  It is negative, it comes from different places, that narrative can be different on life, like a relative is a narrative that our relatives are always like this, a child always lives in a system of his family and his system.  You get to associate and learn about it, it may seem a little intangible, but it is a big thing to try to understand because Indians, North Indians especially, and other people, South Indians everywhere, are suffering the consequences of this. Mom said, aunt is not that good, this uncle is not good or any other uncle is not good, this uncle is not good, this uncle is not good, this one is not good, father has said, mom told him. Our feelings are formed according to our relative's family and those relationships are formed in the way our parents want us to be because when we become 18, 20, 22, 24 years old in our childhood. We also see the world through the eyes of our parents and parents also want the same. Sometimes periods can be wrong. You have to reverse engineer and see today how the narrative story that your parents told you about things plays out.  This happened because in 20 years, his relative will have good luck in his life. His children might also have gone somewhere. If something had happened, was he told about it? Do this audit. The objective is not to put your parents in the dock. I am learning in astrology.  And different types of Indian trends have been observed in setting the narrative. The one who comes to share or plays the responsibility is the mother of the house, the mother, the female father, the father is not so minded, they are busy in their own things, gradually the narrative house.  In this case, the lady sets it mostly for her own benefit or in her life, but with the understanding that for the benefit of the house, I do not want my children to come under the influence of a relative or talk to him or do this, then I  For their benefit, I am divided into stars, some do it knowingly, some do it unknowingly, sometimes they do it for the good, sometimes they do it for their own good, it is quite grey, it is not very clear and you can see all this.  People watch and write me ID in the comment section. If you identify with what I am saying then say no. I do n't understand anything, what was it, what was the purse but it is just very deep. Appreciate the video a lot.  This is the original content of the people, that we all know, whatever things and phenomena I am telling are not just coming on everyone's tongue, where I am walking, it is from many people, listening at night, they hear something or the other.  Notes are opening, health is getting better, I am feeling very good, my mobile is increasing, that is why I am bringing a different aspect every day, it is not so easy, making a new video every day, bringing a new aspect every day, Ghanshyam.  Moti Moral Increases Motivation I Do n't User Ok So You Listen Carefully The Narrative Of Mom's Relatives Will Always Be Relatively Positive You Do An Audit In Your House This Is A Fact Of Your Dad's Relatives Of Vanaspati While Actually Take It From Dad's Relatives Why is it more because the whole of an inherited property is from the father's side and from the mother's side, nothing is available technically.  You can get it but it is not practical, you people know about it but my earlier video also is narrative, this is how the bridge is gradually coming to social media influencers, now they are using technology but influencers have always been there in the house too, have you ever thought about it?  One has to suffer the most due to the fact that the success rate of the mother is hundred percent. In every house, the success rate of the mother is 100. I am not painting any villain, you people should say this because women.  Even a person does not know what she is doing half the time and what will be its short term benefits. They see that if it is cut off from everyone then it gets set, it gets set at my place, but what happens to it, if it is 100% then the children want it.  Be it boys or girls, we always believe in the narrative and because the person who is setting the narrative, he wakes up in the morning, washes clothes, sets it up, sends him to school, gives food to the people in fever, gives medicine, he is doing everything. then why humans  Will not listen to him, will he listen to her, why will he use his mind, it is okay, but as age increases and you are listening to me, I should check in my 20s, in my 30s, and then most of all, what happens after marriage, as soon as after marriage. Boy, in many cases, when girls also start putting their mind to him and do not follow the narrative, then there is a lot of trouble, till today, according to me, everyone understands and listens to me saying that the daughter-in-law has come, it does not reduce it.  This way  She doesn't do it as she should. What would be less if she does a job? Still, it should be done brother, everyone should do it. Sister, brother, it is good to wake you up in the morning. This is the narrative of life. It is good to wake you up in the morning. I want to ask these women who do this by setting the narrative.  Who is today in her late fifties, why is your body in this condition? If you had so much knowledge and you lived such a good life, why is there bitterness in your life, why do n't you people accept that there was something wrong somewhere?  In  There was something wrong somewhere, please accept it, it's okay, there was a time, it was okay to ask him to do that thing according to the time, but sometimes he will have to let go, son, always pay attention to your studies, don't fart in the name of girls, don't do this  It is a good narrative but when you complete 12th, you have completed college, now you can study, you can get a job because of the girls, now you can know girls, now you have to speak, you have turned 28-30, you have started waiting for mom, along with brother.  She will not come, she is not able to get the definition and grandeur of her mother, she is a Jat, she should not lose her position in the affairs of boys, she should not get spoiled, her nose should not be cut, all this is narrative as per the time but that change was you girl. 24  It must be a year old, she is doing a job etc. If you are getting it, then make a negative change now or else she is spoiling the child or sleeping in one, the bones get damaged, this one is Indian middle class wherever the body gets pleasure. Anyway, with difficulty, the person is considered to be a member of the society which was set by the parents because of India vs poor country in 80s and early 2000. Now we are in 2023. Now we can say that no, to have one, to travel in a car, to buy a good house. Wearing nice clothes and going to a foreign country is a good thing. Father Saheb also does the same as he is the one who sets the narrative. It is okay, Father Saheb is also a father, he is his own. In relationship, the narrative is of mother, father's narrative is of different things, how to go to job, what to do, that is also a narrative, brother, if you become something then we will get respect, you are trying, search for social status and increase.  In this social status, you think that if the child goes somewhere then we will jump straight into corruption. Why is this pressure put on the child? What impression will you have on what is being created and what is the actual condition of the country? And who has the power and eats it, he already knows it, but no one is getting impressed and when a person achieves something after working so hard and tells 100 people, then it was like if you become it, then you don't know what will happen now.  He doesn't know what will happen, no matter what happens, like the children who go to IIT, they don't know what will happen, now they ask which one, I used to think that what am I saying to people, a little or a lot might be happening.  never mind but tell me this Changed find that you will become one whose salary is less than lakh rupees. Salary depends on who I am. You must have heard that this is good, this is bad, it is because of the parents that the man is not able to see there because he is so much there, according to the parents, he is so much. Social status is not great today but tomorrow it will be so, then these same parents will change under influence and then you will say that earlier when I was saying that there were no 10 people to go there when there are successful people.  And every person has a favorite relative, an intelligent relative. The one who is a girl, she brings it by her side, it is the favorite for the girl, brother-in- law is fine, our brother-in-law is fine, so whoever is on the girl's side will be the one.  Will show that the boy will fix the narrative, what happens to the women in their homes, there are some interesting things because women know everything about the man in the house with whom they live, along with their husband, a lot of things in a woman's house are not hidden.  remains because  Neither the children go that much, nor the husband goes, nor do you know much about anything, but what is hidden in your house or in your husband's house, then it is always easier to set the narrative from the woman, where you know according to yourself and where to set it accordingly.  It happens that where the information about something is less, like very few of you know what is in it, what is in I am and what happens after that and how life plays out further, how is Barno A.  People on it too if you want on topics  I will tell the society because if you have seen someone reaching this position then it was ITM. Okay, so the narrative has been added to the position along with the prestige. In the times to come, if you remain busy in the pursuit of position and prestige, then you will be able to live a biography like this.  But how to get a job, what to do about it is a very great thing, well, I am going to understand that we should not chase him and let the one who is running, let him run, he will get it but the narrative will change again, you paid him time.  did you create something  No, this is great, so there is only one message in the entire video, that hold these words which are narrative and do Hindi with it, I am not able to understand Hindi, it means it is okay, you can speak in Hindi, the story was narrated in a way, that too like this.  The definition of a good child keeps changing and the parents themselves also keep changing that first they said it like this and then they said it like this, like Colgate people did many times.  I did it like I told you earlier  What are these four things you do on Doordarshan from charcoal to charcoal? Now they say, you have charcoal in it, what is this, meaning, first we will fix it, now you are giving toothpaste team, so first those who are engaged, do it, it is something. indirectis everyone keeps changing that ghee is not good, this one is fine, then dalda is fine, then this has become bad, now this has become fine, now you know, you are getting to know about the latest desi ghee.  Ghee is the best, brother, the public was doing that even 50 years ago, so narratives are being made everywhere, you have to understand and making directives is very important to influence, so this is becoming a narrative even at your home level, this is your society.  Narratives are being created at the level of Narratives are being created at your workplace. Narratives are being created in relationships. You do n't have to be influenced too much by the narrative. You have to create your own story. You are having fun.  In which direction do you have to go in life, you have to go there because the narrative will change again and then we will change it, I know very well how it is changed, okay now you are rich, okay, it is just spiritual, no, there is no benefit.  Okay, someone has gone spiritual, someone has gone, tell something to someone friend, tell about the things that a person has, tell the second narrative that this is so much, okay, you are rich, you are also spiritual, your children do not listen to you.  Your children do not live with you. Well, children also live with you. You are also rich. Your health is not good. You will be told again and again in the society that what you have is fine and if you compare your life with someone else's superior,  If you compare yourself with the best, you will remain miserable and people will have the habit of catching your senior in life by claiming that you are the best. There is some best and worst going on in every person's life. If someone is sitting with two boys, then who is left with two boys?  good  Some are sitting with girls who will say that girls are very sweet, give any narrative but tell the narrative, daughters always love, boys are like this, when they listen to themselves, they all buy into that narrative, girls also make a lot of name and fame.  It's okay, girls do it, even our girls keep company, hold on to a narrative, no less, no less, so no one is less, this is also useless, now it was good, this is also becoming a disorder, so it is no less, okay, but in between.  The sense is right. Politicians, story tellers, influencers, parents are setting everything. They come to influence, they do not respect their parents. If people do not ask their parents, then even if they get something in life, it is these parents who send them to sell. Now you are looking like this in the morning and like in the morning I have gone out of guilt. Hey friend, we have not talked to you for 3 days. Hello Papa, Hello Mummy. Are you gone?  You remember me, we have to be free from these narratives, we have to move according to our own will and if you create everything then keep making your own counter narratives. Only those things which are going well in your life, say that this is success, everything else is nonsense like this.  It's self difference mechanism is only mechanism English anything ka do but me be it is required you survive in this world as the public was following me everything is fine I had made a video eat hair Why shouldn't you do it and you are sitting with your eyes, someone would have done it as per my own, well, there were her connotations and the astrology and you know logic and rest of the things like psychology, there was a lot but superficially yes I can date her very easily.  Yes, when people wrote like this, I didn't feel bad. It's okay because I knew it was coming. It's okay, so what you don't like is what I am saying. I said you should not dye your hair black. Blacken it a lot, friend, blacken your hair also, remove the beard of your eyebrows, if it is yours, then you will make the narrative public, by asking about something, by giving knowledge, then you should be very very anti, you should stand up, including my words which I  Even if I am telling you, I am batting from both sides, this is the consultant, this consultant's narrative is fixed by the people, he is smart and elections are fought on his narrative, it is on him that the power of the house changes.  To make a job in power dynamics because I always say that in our country, it is a difficult thing to convince the people in this difficult day, why will it be a difficult thing to seduce and entertain, you have become a fool in your life, although it is a family channel, people use other big words but do it.  You, I am giving him cute words idiot, it is okay, let me convince you that you have become an idiot in this, whether it is investment, process, car, anything, then make all kids of people.  Exist in this country Smart, very smart, ultra smart and idiot, idiot is more, these smart locks will always set some negative, Shani, talk to me, this will be littered, you told me it should be done like this, gone here, gone here, gone it If you connect to this then your notes will open here. It's winter. Listen quietly at night. It would be great if you listen with your wife because I myself rely on my videos. Let two people listen and discuss.  Neither will you get much value if you sit alone listening to it, nor will you just sit alone, it will not be fun, so find a partner who is not married, find a friend, listen, send me a video, tell me, friend, he is saying something, he is saying what have you taught me, what have I taught you.  Because you always require it for higher order thinking. Govardhan van person is not alone in the day. If you are not alone then I also make videos. I feel good and will make them with their inputs. There is very little preparation in this.  It is not like I woke up in the morning and said hello friends, it is hard work, it is okay, if you are feeling hard work, then please write in the comment section, it is okay.