Hello friends, this is a very important topic. Indian middle class parents need to conserve this energy. Which energy of which parents is this? I am specially talking about middle class parents. Please share this video in the society so that collectively this energy can be conserved and coolness and peace can be achieved.  In homes where the child is above 8th or 9th standard, there is a disturbing energy which starts from the mother and there is a combination of father and mother and there is pressure on the child, there is anxiety about the child's future and what will the child do? We are very worried. We are very worried. This energy of worry is roaming in millions of families who belong to the middle class. If you agree with this, then you say, yes Guruji, we agree. I will tell you what to do now. I will tell you what to do and why this energy is negative and useless, I will tell you that the parents themselves do not know what to do, whether they have got a job somewhere, government or corporate, or they have got it through social media or some other job  I have some impressions through acquaintance  that this is the next big thing sexy thing here you have to do this and then you tell the kid to do this then he does this then he says no no not this do this now do this the kids are getting burnt out yes 10th  The marks in 11th have no meaning, IC kids are doing something else in college, if you ask in 9th then this is what they want to become in 10th, then change plan in 11th, then take something in 11th, then do not get any marks, then change again, people take me for commerce psychology  It is seen that at the graduation level, someone is seen going from science to somewhere else, someone is seen going from one place to somewhere else, no one knows anything and in many places it is happening that after two years the child completes graduation and says papa mummy it's  Not working out I am unable to understand why so much time and energy is being wasted because of stress whereas the reality of life is that the conventional things are slipping out of the hands of middle class children and they are not getting selected there  There is a lot of competition, one who learns by rote  There was a path on which the parents are walking so that the children can relax a bit and be at ease and move towards achieving things on their own, if the mother of the house, who is the mummy, puts that energy somewhere in some entrepreneurship and earns a few bucks  If you go towards this side, things will get set for the kids. This is one of the hints that mom has a lot of time, a lot of energy and a lot of brain and I do n't know what she wants to make the kids. Hey madam, you are 40, 45 years old.  There, you do something, you do something, what magic will that 1718 do, no, he will get through IIT, IM, he will go to Kota, he will go here, there is so much stress over Kota, the situation in Kota is bad, suicides and all that, you have seen how much stress it gives  You are telling the children who is this, is he lower class or middle class, why is this being given, why is so much stress being given, no, do not send your child who is ready to go out, no, if you will give up everything like this then how will it work, you should try it.  Try hard, you are not able to achieve anything in the present times  Do a spell, you cannot earn some money, I am repeatedly addressing the women because men are doing some or the other thing, they are going to their homes, doing jobs, parents, fathers also have to use their brains, if you have a wife, she  She struggles everyday that when you come home what will happen to him, you decided, you got it done, you checked the coaching centre there, you did this, you did that, so first tell your husband, you also do something, he will do this later, right now the kids have grown up and are set. An example, what should I do? Yes, what should I do? When you don't know yourself, what will he do? 17-18 years old jobs are changing a lot. Nature of jobs is changing. In the coming time, there will be no permanent jobs in companies. You will get three  Will hire you for four hours a day, will you go to some other company, will you do some of your own work, will you work through some digital medium or will you do it here, it is very important to enter this space, I keep giving ideas of this space regularly through workshops and webinars, you can do some  People attended earlier, those who did not attend  if so then know this reality and in this you will not be able to answer what has your child become, he does something, this is going to be the answer for most of the parents after five years, he does something, if either this will be the answer  If he is not doing anything then he must be sitting at home preparing for the competition. These are the two choices. Come and learn the new age. I will not again use the word jobs because they are really not jobs. Learn the new age work. Many kids in big cities have understood the culture and are earning a lot of money at the age of 22, 23, 24. All these are ideas but what is the matter that it cannot be expressed verbally, like some times I myself I can't tell you now, I am an astrologer uber etc. but I can't tell you exactly what I do. This is what cannot be told. Now the future is going to come because it is something today, something else tomorrow and then it changes again.  be changed  Gaya Kolben is happening working for this working for self working for working for this money coming here money coming there doing this doing that also doing this also and you don't come in a hut but you have to work on your personality communication skills your basic IQ  Your basic nature is fine, there is no syllabus on this anywhere because there is competition in school, there is exam and by clearing that exam money will not be earned, I have just seen that there are some universities where there is competition exam and that person clears the competition  When one goes there, he thinks that something good will happen, there is competition, there is ridiculous curriculum, there is no placement and people are wasting their time, and after going there, within a year and a half, he himself realises that he is wasting his time, but then  They can't do anything because it took one and half year, money was spent, now what to do, sheep are stuck in this mess and all the parents are not getting any benefit from it.  I am giving you a simple hint, whatever you are thinking for your child, whatever line you are thinking, contact the children who are four to five years old in your friend circle and who have gone on that path and check what is happening.  People are not even checking, yes it is good, isn't it brother, that college is good, stop asking this question, no college is good, only one is good that is earning good money, the rest are good, this has been explained to get admission  For this, kids are doing great things even from very good and bad colleges and are also facing problems from so-called grade colleges. People are getting burnt out a lot. We have to save the kids from this burn out. They can become intelligent by staying together. You are not that intelligent parent, but if your son's friend has a parent whom he has figured out, then please do n't reinvent the will, go out of the box and check where is its Jugaad setting, who is which path  Keep the company of intelligent people Don't be so noisy that I'm on  So if he is preparing for IIT then he will get through IIT, otherwise he will get through NIT, otherwise he is doomed. Don't think like this to your children, it means just that I pushed them, educated them, gave them money, fed them, made them drink, now his problem is like this  There is no guidance needed that families are behaving as a team that together we shall rise and together we shall fall and we are always together it will not be only you you will not be alone in your failure you will definitely not be  If you become successful alone then it is a very good thing, the children of those who are parenting with this attitude are doing well and where the parents have kicked everything, brother, you see, if your work becomes something great then we will claim it, if it does not happen son Get out of this attitude that you are a failure, don't burn out, learn yourself, observe your parents earning money, investing money, what work are the parents doing, what is life, is it new age  It is very important to have current GK and knowledge about jobs and in every parent's circle there is some other parent whose child is two, three or four years older than your child, ask them what are they doing, what struggles are they facing, what happened  If not, we just ask the kids, ok what is your Rohit doing, what is he doing, mine is done, then it's like we do n't ask further, it seems like you should become a private genuine parent and ask one parent about the other parent  Tell me brother will he help me, whoever asks him will tell me that friend nothing happened to me, this is a waste of time, they took a lot of money, there is no placement, they got me a job for four months there, after that it was all thank you to him, these are many universities like this  It is such that they take it from the recruitment people and not from everyone and give them four months' salary, you take that much money from us, it has already got adjusted in the fees, from their fees only, your own salary is being given to your own child and  Their tax is being saved and after that John says one out of 10 is two  If it is good and useful, we will hire it. Our recruitment cost fees are over. Neither interview is taken nor we will get work done from everyone. After getting the work done, we will check on the job which one is good and which one is not. The remaining eight are fought out fine and once that  In college that photo of placement will be taken, placement was 98 out of 96, so placement was done, it is not a lie, but why won't they tell that the placement life was only for four months and after that that child is again facing setbacks, this is also a fact  And many who don't leave, don't get fired, they put so much pressure on them in life that the child runs away because they pay very cheap wages, they try to get less work done, they put a lot of pressure on half or five people, two or three of them run away just like that  They throw out one and keep the other two. This is happening all over India in many places, so parents need to be alert, they pick up the child and get him admitted anywhere, wasting 4 years of the child, no one knows what he will get in future, and then  They say our job was to pay money and provide education, let them do that, you cannot be free from your responsibility with this This is the message, please share this video, if you have not subscribed to the channel then please subscribe, thank you very much