Hello friends, the curse of being a house wife is a very important video for those who are going to get married and their wife is a housewife and especially she is above 38-40. You have to spread this video in the society. From my research, from original research, I am a marital consultant.  I give a lot of consultation to resolve the problems of life, so today for the first time normally you look at me and I speak like this.  Today I may have to refer some notes, it's okay as per my convenience and because I have to tell the symptoms and problems because it is my research, it is okay and I will tell you and you have to listen carefully. If you are listening to me housewife, then you see this.  The symptoms are in you, if your husband is listening then see if they are in your wife and those who are few of my children are older than 17, 18, 20, 22, are older than 25 and are your mother if you are not married.  And or if you bring a housewife tomorrow, then tell me what is your future. This is a video to give relief to the housewives from all the troubles in their life. Your pain is not for showing below, every housewife of India. I am very aware of their pain and have great affection and sincerity and with that this video is being made dedicated to all of you housewives and if any housewife you are. Many people will listen to this video and tell me how you liked the video. Men are also instructed to please address this and if you also want to share this video with your wife or wife, if you are a man listening to me please share this video to. Wives or Housewives: This can happen in some working ladies too but mostly in middle class, similarly, working housewife is at 90 and Indian is at 10 in middle class.  % Ladies come in the workforce mostly come in the lower class, okay broom asked, the utensils are more at the level, okay middle class women are doing less, so anyway it will affect many, so we start there is a vacuum and those are the symptoms.  These issues start from the age of 25, 26, 27, but what happens is that if you have children, you are a small child and you are raising a child, so at that time you don't have the time to do all these things.  Symptoms are telling, these symptoms hit when children become teenagers or lady's age becomes 40 years, 42 years and going towards menopause stage, that is a very critical stage, so I will have to see a little below but I  I will tell you the symptoms, lack of sleep, feeling restless, overthinking, anxiety. Look, sometimes it happens, sometimes not being able to sleep is a different thing, sometimes getting anxiety is every human being.  It happens to men too, it happens to everyone but I would like to tell the pattern and it comes through a great vacuum and why it is happening, I will tell you what is happening and I will tell you how households travel with it and I will also try to give a solution. Irritability.  Having depression will be called constant ranting. Ranting is an English word or it can also be called nagging or complaining. Husband's name in old times, your mother. Your mother did this, your mother did your mother, your wife did this, your mother did this, your mother did this at that time, you did this, this is how it happened when I got married, this is what I hear a lot: Gain and weight of gain.  And loss of weight is not a normal loss. In loss, there is a gain in weight, there is a lot of fat gain in the upper body, there is a lot of gain in the lower body, which is called thighs, the body becomes bad again. This is a rut in which  Housewife is getting into the habit of increasing weight and then increasing irritability. Emotional eating. It is okay to do emotional eating. Let's move ahead. Drink COD Onset of lifestyle. Thyroid is a favorite meaning that some diseases are favored by women.  That we will hold on and bring this topic to the society, we have to address it, we are our mothers, sisters and daughters, it is not like that, everyone is all.  He has given something to the family and has not received that much. If you are not discussing then in the end I will also tell you a little about what to do but first let us do it. You will get low immunity. Irregular periods will be linked to those periods. You will get something or the other. It is okay and it happens.  What is it that these diseases are so common among women but how are they doing the project because the husband is a low IQ man, when it comes to wife, Indian husbands are all low IQ bhave they are in job.  How many tears have been torn, what position are you in, who are you in the business, how many notes are you printing, whether you are an IT IM or I don't know, whether you are a very big official, whether you are in government, private, or the owner of a company, but when it comes to wives, everyone.  There are low IQ husbands, I am enhancing the husbands, here I am India's number one marital consultant, I am giving a message to the women that brother, you have to tell this thing that you, that wife is projecting these.  Everyone is irritable and there is a vacuum in the soul, so do not look at your husband like this, how will it be or will it be like this, do not give these vibes, have to hold an emergency meeting with the entire family asking why is mom acting like this, what should we do, wife.  I will tell you why you have to do like this, what to do in the end, that is her call, she is not able to tell directly, let's move ahead, I am irritable with you children, you keep studying, you don't wake up from sleep, you yourself are not able to sleep.  I am overthinking, I am worried about the future of my children, because there is a vacuum, I don't have any other work, it is okay, I am always chilly, I am always after the eating habits of my children, oh brother, I have turned 151 years old, I will eat when I feel hungry.  In childhood, I used to feel so hungry because you people used to play a lot and work and at that time India was a hungry country. That is what is called ' thathe' or 'chathe' in between. There is some snacking in between.  This was not the case 30-40 years ago, when it was time to eat, he would feel hungry. Now, sometimes he eats something in between, sometimes he eats something, then either stop him, but when he is eating, the child is not so hungry, he should consume his calories.  Will it be that middle class is the only audience? The rest of the middle class children do not die of hunger. They eat when they have to eat. There is so much tension or lag behind. If you lie on your mobile all day, what to do? Tell me, what should I do? I study all day long. I am telling the housewife to study the whole day, the child, you look at what he sees on the mobile, little by little I am the problem and doing both those things there, going routine in small steps, housewives doing things to feel control and relevance or So they want control because ultimately they feel that I am not being listened to, earlier there was more control over the life of the children, when they are very young, you control the life of the children a lot, then there comes a stage when  Husband is busy in his life. Children are busy in their life. If you ask, no one is asking me, this is the biggest problem. Okay, there are many husbands. Hey, your mother doesn't know what has happened, they keep talking.  One should not waste the state. Many times this happens at home with the children, isn't it good for your mother? Then what happens if the mother is shouting at the children too, she is shouting at the husband too, then the husband i.e. the father is a team of children.  I become that friend  She is like this, how come she will shout like this means she is so dirty that she is becoming this crazy woman, but she is becoming a crazy woman, so it does not matter, our mother is our wife, it has nothing to do with it, she keeps working as long as everything is fine in the house, bathroom.  The bathroom should be fine, food should be served on time, clothes should be dried, if all that is going well then it is okay. If the parrot keeps shouting, it means that from inside no one has any feeling for them. Work is important for everyone in the family, especially the children who are teenagers. Will not talk about small children, teenagers and adult kids who are not married yet, children in the family between 12 years to 27 years, they are also very selfish, they do not see any pain from their mother, all of them are showing these symptoms. How many times have I seen?  See the symptoms for the first time today and tell me, okay, I am a mother who studies a lot at home, I do n't know what will happen if the children study, oh, nothing is happening, what you are studying, you have studied, what are you, first of all I  Housewives who worry about their children's education, I say madam, what have you done, otherwise this is what we want, but you had completed your education, you too had gone to school, you too had gone to college, you too had gone to college, no, I would have done a job too.  This was the reason for having children, madam, don't tell stories, you also have a daughter, she will also be cut, you are looking so much like this, it feels like a big pain to the women, I want to tell this to you all the women through this video from here. and husbands  Through once you are hitting this zone you need to have a purpose in life that purpose cannot be the child's marriage because the child is 16 years old and may get married when he is 28 years old and has gone on the path of Acharya Prashant ji to develop his consciousness and wisdom.  So do n't even know, because after seeing you so fed up, seeing you so irritated, seeing you so unhappy, whether your daughter will get married or not, I am just getting to know that cases come to me. Yes, Guru ji.  The daughter has turned 25 and is not getting married. If she is not getting married, then whose fault is it? If someone's daughter is not getting married, then whose fault is it her parents, because her parents have shown married life to be like marriage.  There is nothing in me and one is busy there like a bhopo and it is okay to talk, consciousness, intelligence and discretion are there in marriage, should you marry the one who will lift you, take you up, let him take you, like this, now I talk like this, their army is enough.  goes behind one half In the video, when I praised her a little, people started praising others, Neha, you got scared, what is there to be scared among us who are scared, speaking simply and clearly, housewives need to work and earn money when I say work it dozen.  Meen 925 job madam do you know how to cook yes many people don't these days you random go to any place catch hold of girls 21 to 25 from them  Take it, how many know how to cook tea, not Maggi, normal, even boys don't know it, boys should also learn, girls should also learn, housewives are suffering a lot in this country, housewives have a lot of contribution in the unhappiness question, who are not being  Heard that is one. Second, what has the housewife done? Half the time in her house, she lives in that zone, like a manager who has no work, but he is like his boss.  It is to show that I am doing a lot of work, this is too much, as soon as the husband will come tired, he will say to the housewife, look, they don't study, they don't do like this, look, I did this today, today I have that different problem, but the husband has his own problems.  Relief because what is the matter, people like me keep making videos, they have been made for a long time, husbands also watch them, what do you do because there are many girls who are working ladies, in your relatives there will be a working lady even in a remote place. will become an idol  All the husbands, no matter what they look like in the relationship, the ladies show me how clean I keep the house, I am not there, the children should not be worth anything in any way, look at what I did and then always show it, complain, that too.  That husband robs the household of a lot of energy. He wants to come back to peace. In the office, he has his troubles. Every housewife has troubles in her life. Barh is the Haryanvi word for 'Bharh Rakhe'.  Lot of klesh has entered your household ok you invited that klesh in your life and now you want to spread it and people your children and your husband are like yaar tu kar lena apna kuch matla humne mat kar and then you are like tum bhi aa  Go, I did this much, I did this, brothers and sisters, this is a lot. For a housewife, home is the center of the world. If she goes out, she will not know how much traffic there is and how the job is done.  How to earn money and how much struggle there is. They have made everything in their household and no one is going to say harsh words to them. Such irritable and irritable people roam around in the house and the housewives have created such a bad situation in the house. That the house should remain completely [ __ ] and span, a little man's child will sit here, hey, the house will be covered in Baba, something will be kept on the sofa too, some children will keep cardboard, some will keep a book, some will keep a book. Eraser will keep that speak n span. Your mind is not completely clean from here, so you are seeing cleansol in outer space because there is no orderliness here. The day we kept orderliness here in our mind, brothers and sisters, what is happening outside to us?  It doesn't matter to him, that pot is kept below, the chair is above, this is the curtain, there is a lot of obsession, the obsessive person is off, do women become OCD, this is also happening too much and  How controlling free is she? I have heard from some such women that when her husband threw six peeled almonds in the dustbin, then there are two types of parts in the dustbin, is n't it, nowadays in big cities it happens that one  That waste will go in one and plastic will go, so these two flew and fell here and madam put the vat of her husband and those who are listening to this, they will whip me, you come and make our thing public, I did not tell the name, look.  someone 's okay  But then there are people who will listen, oh friend, the husband is saying like this, friend, two of my peels have gone there, I said and I am saying that you have peeled your own peels, that is, till now you were a laat sahib, meaning everyone.  Ripe ripe, you are peeling so much, after peeling the almonds, soaking them yourself, wife is not happy, no, she is not happy, she has become so fine, if I don't remain like this, you will rot. This is a different attitude of the housewives that if they leave the house for four days then the house will rot, that means they have said that we are running it, it seems that we are running the country, everyone feels like this, some people think that I am running the country. Someone thinks that I am running the house, someone else is running it, everyone's everything is everyone's, there is that saying, whose wish God is flying, okay then it is not so much, don't take life so seriously, house.  Wives are blessed with folded hands, they have spread the Raita of their life a lot and it keeps coming into the lives of others. Children have to go towards their happiness. Look at every person's life, you will have to make efforts to be happy, that is always my message. Being sad is the easier thing and normally we go for the easy things. Being sad is the natural state. These are just the people with great spirituality who come in English. I respect them a lot.  So, I ca n't take them down by acting too much because I also like many of their things and they are practical, but many things are not practical, so what is not practical is that we cannot live in that childlike state like people.  Free and but we are not a child, how can we become a child now, the experiences of my life, happiness, sorrow, pain, suffering, betrayal, love, love, the whole world, which goes by all means, is now in the child state.  I can't know how to get the injection, it is not practical, so one thing I am saying is practical that brother, the default setting is of sadness, you will have to work hard to be happy, people say no, no, being happy should be a natural state only then.  So I don't listen to them for motivation and these guru types who are not practical, I take pride in being a practical person, I ask questions and answer them easily.  You get the feeling that brother, it is easy to remain unhappy, actually it will take effort to remain happy, you will have to do something in your mind, now tell me something, how can you get a Kalesh wife, you are a husband, Kalesh wife, how can you remain happy, come and like to be a child.  Hey, the child will also be in trouble, that too will not be happy, friend, okay I have become a child, now she is scolding me, now I should make her think, she is not my wife. If there is a mother, will my sorrow go away? Any man is shouting at me, she does not let me sit anywhere. It happens to the husbands that Saturday is a day, nowadays Saturday is eaten, even in government service, Saturday is being eaten in private too.  This is how the wife comes, this is how people come on Saturday Sunday. Neither the wife nor the housemaid have conspired to start the mop or broom from where the master is sitting.  First she will come there, get up, then you will get up and sit somewhere else, after that she will come there again and then you will get up from there where you said that now I came to know that just now I was sitting in that room, then she swept the broom and I am here.  So she has come here. If I go somewhere else, she will follow the broom there again. So, I go to the same original room where she had earlier used the broom. Then after 10 minutes she will come again to mop or do something. Then your wife will come. Hey, get up, you are lying here, raise your legs, you raise your legs like this, this is so much comedy happening inside the houses, who all are suffering, tell me the pain of men too.  I will remove that even men have to do it, madam, where will you go after doing so much cleanliness, it will happen again, do you feel like this? No, no, it is like this, we will do it a little bit, so we should keep it lidded, I was just seeing someone, who is this?  this is donkey I was watching his interview and he went to Shahrukh's house and asked what was the best or different thing in Mannat or something. He said that the house was very lidded in that means it is not like that.  That means of course Shahrukh's house is very big, Mannat has seven storeys, okay and inside it will be very big too, so he said that if he has not done this then it is a lid-in house, isn't it, lid-in where there are children and it looks like that?  Is that yes, that is the drawing room or that is your living room or have fun, I should look like this, are n't you living like this, you are human's child, other wise, what will you do with that pick and span house, people will not come many times.  So you want to keep the house so clean that when the children grow up and are living in a left-right society, they do not feel like coming to your house or will come, then many times it happens that it happens in houses that the cup  I do n't feel like drinking tea  Because it is madam 's favorite cup, somewhere it gets dirty, breaks or falls, many times the dining table looks so nice, the chair of the dining table is so good, people say that when you look at left and right, then understand where you have to look and make it.  If the video is ok, then the chair of the dining table and something like this comes, hey, if something falls in it, then man, it means like Ramu Kaka, sit under the bun and eat in front of the kitchen, or if something falls here, then I will kill you.  They  Dining should not fall on her, so this housewives are okay with this pain, don't tell me, my wife is not okay, but I am seeing in my consultation, a lot of my consultation, I am seeing is okay that this pain is happening in the household. Let it happen friend, a little bad house is okay, drink juice in your best glasses, eat it in the best glasses, eat food in plates, do not keep any for guests, guests will also eat in it and when  If it becomes old, it is okay to get a new one. These four types of sets, these clothes, this bedsheet, these bedsheets, if you changed them, they made them completely dirty. Bedsheets are meant to be dirty. They are not the kind of bedsheets that are always used in hotels.  So there is a change every day. There is no bedsheet or anything that will not change. Okay, so relax a little. Housewife's request to you is that if you take a deep breath, then everyone in the family will relax, go to mother.  Then she would say, you do n't come to talk to us, you don't call, you don't come, you don't sit, madam, you seem to have thorns all around, no one comes to you, now how can I tell you why did this happen for your relevance and footage?  How much work will you do madam, you are only a housewife, you don't sweep, mop, do utensils, you don't even cook in many houses, so how much footage will you take? If one life is a movie, then how was it that you can become a heroine because you are a hero, but not that much.  You are doing as much as you are because if you are worrying for eight hours a day then you count it as work. You are also counting your worries as work. Then you will do most of the work and what about your husband, he is going in the morning.  He is coming in the night, come again, you know what the poor guy needs to know, leave it alone, if you feel like keeping your husband happy, then don't make him happy, don't make your butt hurt, don't shout inside the house, it's a small house.  don't keep unnecessary stuff  Make a mistake if you find a small house then brother buy a big house. Earn money and buy a big house and do not quarrel with your husband. It is not possible that there are two batsmen in life and one husband is the run.  He is making money because he is the one earning the money and whether you are at the non-striker's end or yours, you are taking out maiden overs and are struggling with his batting the most. Why are you not hitting fours? Why are you getting out? Why only one run?  Why did you take it faster?  Hey, you don't run away. If you don't bat for one run, what should we do? We have digested the births. Hey madam, we have already become children. 13, 14 and 15 year old children don't even say hello to you. They run away from you. Now they are done once.  Hussain ran bold and got a gold medal every time. He ran once and got the gold medal. You did a good job for the child. You became a mother and became a father. You did a great job. There should be clapping. Well done to him.  Now you have grown up, life is very big ahead, what happened that you got married at 24, 25, 26, had a child at 26, 27, 28, now you are 40 years old, the child is 12, 13 years old, now you have to live till 95 years, so 55.  For how long will you eat bread for a year, tell me about having a child, it sounds harsh at times but you can understand till the end of the video is not too  Put down housewife butt, will live for 55 years. 55 Yes, 55 Jingi madam, what will you do if you live from 40 to 25, the child is 12 now, he is not married yet, there is still a lot of time to get married, if you don't know, then how long will you live in this house.  How long will you play at home? I know, girls like playing at home, but there is a limit to playing at home, because in playing at home, that house becomes yours. I personally feel at home.  The space that Indian housewives, middle class housewives have taken, they give a lot of everything just because they clean their house, then who will sit where, who will eat where, who will live how they will also decide, that is too harsh, I think I think a little.  There should be democracy in homes. Democracy is so strong in India. There is no democracy in homes. I hope it was not harsh. I hope these diseases occur.  Madam and those diseases, how much the husband becomes great, how many children become dear, once that disease comes, once arthritis comes, once osteoarthritis comes, once thyroid happens, PCOD happens, hypertension happens, then madam it never goes away again.  And it's not worth taking. You are not doing such a great job that you keep these diseases and then tell the reason for these diseases to your children and that tea is bitter for the whole life.  No, she does it like this, she means like that, she does it like this, it's not worth it, if you are doing it, please stop it, that disease of yours will be reversed, I told you, if you stop doing this, I have talked to people now.  They will say, but put that testimonial and after doing that treatment, I have seen these diseases of people getting reversed, those who accepted the advice, off-course, abstinence from medicines, but this is a disease of the mind, this is a disease of words, these are forced.  By doing this, you bring diseases, relax, leave it, yes, it will do like this, I have read the book, the book is for reading, I have kept the book on the side of the desk because when I feel like reading, I will read it, if you pick it up, you will put it in a bin somewhere. Then that poor guy is not reading the book, he had brought such a big book of intelligent investor Ben Gram, on page number 138, he has made it as his own and the book is also missing, I don't know, madam has cleaned it, it's okay.  Khaya ji madam has cleaned the glasses. Khaya ji madam has cleaned the glasses. Then ask them, then they will say that you do n't keep them as yours. This news is made up. You play hide and seek with your family members, keep picking up and keeping their things, then they Speak to you and then you say, look, without me you don't even get glasses, hey madam, if your husband also starts playing with you, whatever clothes you have, whatever kind they are, he will pick them up and  Hide it somewhere and then in the morning you won't find your clothes. You wear those small clothes which every man has. Do n't hide them in your underpants. You have eaten mine, you have eaten me. Hey, without me, you do n't even get those clothes. We know.  If you print it every day and post it here or there or do something somewhere, then you are playing comedy, I mean, you are playing hide and seek in the house. There is a mischievous person like me in the kitchen.  I do n't want to go to China  Put sugar here, put rice there, there are no boxes, they all do it like this, then again and again, and you yourself know, you eat it and say, where is it, you don't know where the asafoetida is, you do n't even know where the rice is, you do n't know where the kidney beans are.  What do you do every day, play with them, but husbands don't have the energy, they have work, so they don't play, but I coach retired husbands, I do like this, how else will they be, so here I am the trainer of every man.  I am a coach and consultant. Is there any conflict going on in your life? Look like this. It is important to make a little comedy so that light-hearted people can understand the message. But if there is any conflict going on in your life, then I am the doctor of this conflict. I am KD, Kalesh KKD.  KKD Kalesh's doctor, so if you need consultation, and it costs money, you can ask for consultation on the number given below, but madam, all our madams, women, are requested with folded hands.  Guruji, I am requesting you with folded hands, we have to increase the GDP of India. Madam, we have to increase the happiness of India. You say that there is a success behind every successful man, yes there is a woman, who is not?  A Clash Woman That Woman is a dozen, the Clash becomes successful, now someone will say this, A Bolleng Tu, you have trolled women, you  So the mail shop is nist, ho ho, don't come like this madam, don't run away, I want to tell my female subscribers that every female who wants to reduce the troubles in her husband's life, also gets it for him. No, no, friend, I will get these things for this purpose. I will not do it. I will not file the returns. I will not manage the demat. I will not manage the portfolio. I will not do the work of the bank. What else is there like a secretary without feeling?  That ego hurts, I know how to drive a car, I know how to bring vegetables, I also know how to look after children, I know how to be a bit arrogant, type C friend, I am yours, we are a team, that husband gets success in life, he who does it, and I, who hangs around, get success in life. I did this much, I did it like this, Madam, you will have to put a value for cleaning. 5000 10000 20 Haj, how much is the house, how much do you clean in it, you will have to put a value, how much is the work?  Like Chingam, you can show all the footage of the picture in the matter of whether or not you can't go without us, look and tell me if you go for a day then you don't get a substitute because you have to come in five days, you say go.  That I am going for five months and then come back after five months and see how it goes, this is the bitter truth of life, everyone's work works well without everyone, many people are in tantrums and address their husbands too, husbands, everyone is in tantrums.  You won't be able to see without me in India, everyone's work is fine, the serving Prime Minister is gone, it didn't matter to the country till the evening, it did n't matter till the evening, someone or the other becomes something, something happens, it's okay, everything happens, all things change.  Everyone is a substitute for everyone, no one is irreplaceable, everyone knows from this world, we all have done it at some point, everyone's work works very well, so don't be under the misconception that the video may be a little long, but do a drive home.  I wanted a message: Am I successful? Brothers and sisters, please write. Those who enjoyed, write MG, and those who enjoyed, write AA, G., those who were irritated, write C. Those who got angry, write G. Everyone. Look how long I have reduced it to short. Write as much message as you want, write whatever you want, write 'C' in bad, write 'G' and those who enjoy it, write 'MG'. Subscribe to the channel for your input. It is the curse of the women in the family group to be special housewives. You people have no idea who has given it to you. This is the curse of the Indian housewife. That you will live this ordinary life and if you are living such an ordinary life, then those who awaken wisdom and consciousness say, don't even get married, oh brother, this is life.  Do better instead of saying that if you don't want to get married, then don't get married. If it is like this, then why marry? All the women who are working, film actresses, giving birth to children, business women, flying planes, pilots, I do n't know.  What is that, that is not working, theirs is not working, what is their home, their children are not being raised, only the children of housewives are born, what are some working wives, all are being looted, what is wrong, social, what are those anti-social elements of working wives? Working means now to glorify housewives, I am a home maker madam, if you are a home maker then the one who works outside is a home breaker. What is a home maker? No, the house is made by the wife, yes, the wife.  Who said that a housewife is made of someone who doesn't do anything in life? Who said that a wife is made of a woman? I also believe that a house is made of a woman. Home means that what is called a house is made of one meaning. Yes, a family lives.  There is energy, I agree that all women are respected a lot, but a housewife is a woman, she is a wife, she can be a mother, she can be a daughter, she can be a daughter-in-law, she can be anyone, she is made of a woman. I also agree, but who said that if a housewife is made, then we will have to stop the glorification of housewife in India. Don't tell the programs of your compulsions. I actually wanted to do this, I got it done, please show me something, House.  I will also plan a webinar for wives in the coming time in a practical way that madam, do this, don't go out of the house, it will be done in small city, big city, anywhere as per your wish, small city, small child, big child, good husband, useless husband, good in-laws, bad in-laws, understanding.  Not understanding respectful of that, I will still give you the knowledge and it will be good for you, so if you housewives want the knowledge then this is one of the housewives given by me or something of mine.  Whatever group you find, join it, you will get full clarity on this, thank you very much.