Hello friends, this is a very important topic. It is a very important and relevant topic for every family. This is the requirement of restructuring of assets. Real estate. The kind of inheritance you should be living with your kids should be a topic of discussion. Those who have children should also have questions. What's Happening Parents are sitting on assets that have no financial sense to hold.  She has kept some property in her small village. It is true that it has been so much time since you went to the village and how much time has passed since you went to the small town. This property of yours is lying somewhere. She is giving you some rent in the big city too, but she Kachhar Prasar is a place and it has no quality, basically it is fine, now like if there is gold, then gold is gold, exchange it anytime and there is a system for it, but it is not like that in real estate, if someone is hanged with your lover.  It's property and you're hitting it yourself.  Yes, the current generation cannot dispose of it the way you can, so my request to all the elders is to apply your mind and see that you are leaving behind clean assets and a clean place where your children can dispose of those assets.  When you fill it, they have respect for you, your brain and foresight. Parents are in trouble very late. They had bought something for them, its rates have increased but it is difficult to rent it, but it seems fine to them.  Because they think that this is too much and if I send it somewhere else then I will not be able to come for four years, so the conferences they give to their children either sitting at the dining table or if they are far away, they are on WhatsApp or Have your conference in the room, discuss over tea, what if we don't live together, we will do zoom on WhatsApp call also, 7-8-10 some people join, do your conversation, discuss, because how long can it take to discuss even when the parents are away?  how is life  How are you, what did you eat and how are the children, everything is fine, husband is fine, wife is fine, everything is fine, okay son, our blessings are good today, happy birthday today, happy anniversary, happy Diwali, happy new year, because there is someone else to talk to.  No, what will you talk about the job? Brother, you are doing the job. You are doing the job of Rs 50-60 thousand, Rs 1 lakh, Rs 1.5 lakh or Rs 2,000. My audience is the one I take with me.  Someone might be paying Rs 2.5-3 lakhs, that's all, the assets are in crores, those are your assets which should be discussed, they are your salary of 300 months, minimum minimum depending on what is your salary and what is the size of the asset.  Your salary is for 8 to 20 years. You don't have time to discuss it. How will I talk to our parents? They will think that we are greedy, so your parents are thinking the same.  Neither the greedy will think nor will they think for 2 minutes. If you talk to your mind then they will realize what they are doing. Through this video I want it to become a topic of discussion because neither am I your parent's friend nor am I your friend nor am I your relative. I am an expert in this field and I see these parents getting messed up, they are leaving behind such property or leaving behind any power of attorney, some had 14th share, some had 150, I don't know anything.  And those who are local people, the domineering type, whatever relatives say that they have to leave, they keep asking how to do it, especially those whose children have gone immediately and they know that their brothers cannot come to them or will not.  Why don't you remove the noise from this dirty asset, friend, why do n't you clean and give the asset to them. Look, a top brand asset of My Van Construction, which can be managed comfortably sitting anywhere in the world, has a long life.  It is 150 years old, it is a central location, it is a good city, it has a good gentrification, the property manager will take care of the fund form or the property itself, the entry is so good, so clean, it will be so good that tomorrow when such things happen, it is possible that your  If the relatives don't kill, then take a tenant, kill some password, many people do less in the property and many people do less, they keep an eye on it, in Delhi, where even the property papers are not there properly, then that is when he is no longer a human being.  neither big  It becomes difficult if there is a human being, then there are also the paper expenses, if the person who belongs to him stands on his own, then it is very easy to prove it, create a ruckus, police lawyer, law court, the matter gets settled if the person is gone, brother, then for the next generation.  It becomes very difficult to do a job, get married, take care of the children or the property that you have passed on to your husband, will there be any system to take the man, if there is any system to take the man, I don't know, although I am very interested in these things too.  I keep spirituality in everything but  If there is some system where you can go and see what is happening, then you will not be too sad about your stupidity. What I am trying to say is that it would have been better to keep living, what happens at times, then maybe you will stay in the lakes for 95 years. But the brain probably works well up to 7580. I am resuming this. God forbid someone works well in 8590 also. But the body and mental functions are also the curd of the brain. People sitting here.  At the age of 90, on top of her assets, her own child is 65 years old. Brother, we are dying, you can talk to us, do whatever you want, don't disturb us, do your own thing and go, no more, I am no longer able to do this, people here.  Then you will get confused, I am not of the opinion that I am selling my property in the name of children, it will not be accepted at all because these people will misunderstand, brother, you can name the page in your own name or register it in your name, but now things will be clear and clean, you understand.  this is my point  So if you take me, the name is Lakkha Singh ji, anyone's name is Jitendra Singh ji, anyone's name is Surendra, the name is Amit, whose name is yours, your wife's name is Kamla Devi, Sarita Devi, Sarla Devi, whoever's name is this.  Kind of ok, your name is Neha, old new name, whatever property you have in Khulnamon and it is rubbish, many property people sell it after demolishing it, so many property people don't sell it just like that, it seems to be a shambles, so this is ok.  By disposing of the properties that are about to be disposed of, you should not keep the property clean. Take the property in the name of the same person. Do not do this in the name of the children because brother, you don't know how many years you will live and the children stop saying Namaste because even though the children are  Namaste, normally linking with property is a wrong idea, but society thinks as it is, okay, my thinking is different in this, I will make a different video sometime, but you can do it comfortably, very detailed videos can also be made on this, destruction.  I am telling you that there is a problem in the property, clearly in this way you can transfer the property in your name. If you have two children, then if you are buying two properties, then you have transferred 10% in the name of one, 10% in the name of the other and 10 more codes.  In whose name you have taken 90, say 10, this is yours, this has been decided by you, so where your 10 percent is, that is yours, where your 10 is yours, this is also a method in a way and 90 is ours and the rest.  10 are given to you, you keep 10% of the rent and give 90% to us, we will manage the property, your son will manage, Kamal will do this and you will also give him something, no one does it for free because everyone lives on their own. What happens in financial assets that sorry, want to play FB or the bank gives that brother, that FDB will end inflation, HD Kari of 20 lakhs at the age of 60 In 70 years, it will become like that, it means go somewhere for two days, its value will end, you don't want to think in 60, 65, 70, friend, do it after our death, you will die, the mark will reach 97 and yours will start becoming  Your and your children's condition will get worse, the children who are stupid, those children, first of all, many people say that children will talk like this, children say this, parents say this, children have told me this a lot, when I  Gave consultation that tell your parents, those who come say yes, parents say that you have an eye on our property, they say this and we feel a lot of pain, so I want to tell all the planets, what do you want, who should have an eye on your property, your children?  There should be no evil eye, no neighbor's evil eye, no other relative 's evil eye, what kind of evil eye, there is a lot of evil eye, you will see carefully. Don't you want there to be evil eye on your property because when your eyesight becomes weak, even the parent's eyesight gets lost? Have another week  If you go then what do you want, the one who has good eyesight should not have any eyesight, no one else's eyesight should go, many people are sitting there who have good eyesight, as soon as you see, the children are intelligent, are they going out or are they not getting along with the children, this is not all that. A goes and then the children say, look at yours and there is a big cry, in your life, in old age, your property should not go to the child, you will not be able to enjoy it yourself and someone else may take possession of it or it may take away your share from you.  And your children also speak like this, see who you are?  If you had given us such a feeling, then you get a big loser type feeling, you don't belong anywhere, you have lost the money, you have lost the next generation as well, and you have also lost in your own eyes, this is also happening with many people, now many children also speak like this. When we used to speak, we used to say that he is greedy, he took the second one, Shanti 's uncle's distant relative, he took it and sat down with it, now they will have peace, now they say that you play the court because we take it from them, and then this.  a lot of things are happening  If it is not happening then tell me, professional people are approaching me, so I know that this is happening, you are understanding and I am seeing it, it is happening in the society because of time taken decisions are not being taken, it is due to someone's greed.  Something like you have an old car, you sold it and bought a new one in your name but that doesn't mean it has utility, it's not like you have kept the property at risk and half the time, what are the people keeping the property at risk even if its title is clear?  The paper is clear, everything is absolutely neat and clean, yet a person may think that man, this is very easy, like man, take some clear thing, which means it is the property of the government or some paper is clear, it is okay, you yourself do not even know this.  Will you stand up, neither do you know your relatives, no one knows your children, you will dispose of the property somehow, neither is it an achievement for you and what are you thinking Relevant Topics Lata Hoon, I have another channel there.  I will do these things more and will do it in a specific way, project specific, share pic, real estate education specific, so if you want to join that too, then please I will give the link in the comment section description, you have to press the button like this, you will get notification if videos will come in that also.  If you go, then this is a Broader Buffet channel, okay, on this you get to know about all kinds of issues, it is a special channel, okay, so please join that also and those who are joining, Write in the comment section that I would also feel like SBI Joint, people are coming there too because if Chane Bhature is here, there is Dosa there, don't do it like this, don't do it at all and if you want to be shameless then you can open up.  You can be shameless, there is nothing to be ashamed of in this and parents should also know that they too got something from their parents and they put something into it, people did this by mixing something and made something, and even the old ones are there in it.  If you get something then these children are also doing something then have the brokers become greedy? It was better that your children are greedy after your property and wealth. If someone else becomes greedy then he will give you pain and greedy is not according to me. Family bonding is that friends should do well and parents should also do well. I am seeing parents who are doing well in their 60s and are not managing their assets, not managing their income and are thinking.  That we are very comfortable, very comfortable, but those who are not getting government pension and those who do not get government treatment for free, these card codes are available, those with CG who are not in this system, there are many parents who are not there but are in the sixties. Brother, I am comfortable, they will become uncomfortable in 70, they will become mighty and comfortable in 80 and will become dependent on the next generation and the domineering attitude you have.  You will remember it, your daughter-in-law will also remember it, your son-in-law will also remember it, you and your daughter will also remember it, how he will trouble you again in the 80s, so I am an attitude man, even if it doesn't change, you will respect him more.  If you want to maintain your ego, you will have to reduce your ego, you will have to use your mind, I was not saying that do a job, a man cannot do a job, there are very rarest of rear talented people in their 70s, who do jobs at their age, but their  You can set up your assets in such a way that their rental increases and you will be able to survive for the next 20 years till your 90s because what happens in many parents is that there is a difference of six to seven years between mother and father.  There is a difference of 8-10 years and ladies live longer anyway, so if father dies, mother is living 15 more years, she is younger in age and anyway lives longer, so she  Father, who listens to me, brother, you also have the duty of your wife, the one who has been grinding for you for the last 50 years, who has been engaged in serving you for 45 50 years, what will she say that you have left me, Moroccan Santa?  There was no brain in what to do, so today you are getting this free consultation. I make this tree very highly and give it to you in individual tailor, but today I am giving many templates through my video. I am, apply your mind, do this, do this, do this, there can be left and right somewhere while you are still here, and these children are busy in their jobs, in the ones worth ₹ 5000000000, and we do not have time, my brother, this is a mental physical break from your job, mother.  -Sit with your father and find any alternative course of action, discuss it and come to a consensus, adopt it and clearly tell us that this set is yours and will be yours even if you sell it.  Do n't want one but someone's quality will be worth giving, it will be worth taking, it will be worth keeping, it will be worth enjoying, otherwise you will leave behind a raw residue somewhere, who will come to break their head, have you come in it, get the bigger message please, not this one, subscribe is fine.  I will give you its link, do that also, thank you very much.