Hello friends, welcome to the last episode of Cigarettes of Gurgaon Real Estate. This is the tenth episode. If you have not seen it before then you must watch it. There are a lot of very good feedbacks, there are not very good questions and I am leaving it on a bit of a cliff hanger.  I will leave it like Netflix series comes which is Season-1, Season-2. If the audience wants then Season-2 will come, it will go on a very intellectual level and with a lot of stomach consultation, Season-2 will also come.  For that, just get one thousand likes of this video, give a break of one month, you will get thousand likes, good feedback will come on this last one, then it will be next, this one is show stopper type, so things in this should be thick and root and you will require a little.  Sa Hai Raw Thinking Can Thoda Sa Do Mein Vikram Technical And Will Leave Things And To Future Episode 200 One Thing Which You Want To Tell Lord In Good For Real Estate Mein Bhi Animation Kahin And Bhi Tere  Something good in election point, something I tried, that inflation point against condition sir, good time with customers, clearly that is also a word of calculations and geometry etc. If you go into more technical but apply a thick mathematician and see that water up to 99 degrees Celsius is water 100. 969 Maximum Things Are Changing Can You Get a Chance to Meet Some Good  Beautifully, you fly away like steam at 100 and that fun is not possible. Vikash, this kind of temperature is not known anywhere in my money mind-set. The video of Series 3 is the best videos. If you have not seen The Channel, I will give its link.  Friends, we will put this video in the description. You must watch it. So if we talk about good for resistance, then some places like Dwarka Express have an RS infection point. If you understand that, then how do you understand?  That there is an ODI match of 50,000 for 40 and we are sitting there. With great difficulty we have slowly got the color and have scored 178 runs in 400 and there is a loss of three wickets. Now from 400 to 500, 130 runs can go up to 300. At 300, with that You have to understand the thing, there is the batsman, there is the past, there is the present, till now some stories were going on, in some I am talking about the prize or the price.  Its international prices have increased so its run rate was 5030 and it was even less in 3050. Patna has improved with more than 140 infection fonts in this Vansh settings in which you want to tell and secret only because it's something which I told people did not understand and  Some People Confuse Deploy People By Giving Your Documents  This becomes security and remains funny during school time, I have made separate videos on this also, perhaps less people would have seen it on the channel Bhunenge, you will find it there today, I am telling you again about time rally and I have not mentioned anything like how you give them money.  S is mix it is and difference if there is a tower standing today on Dwarka Expressway and you got 2 crore ₹ 1000000 from its late, eighty percent is gone now that context is gone and you have to take it  So now there is no excitement there for two years because the issue is still Paneer and Co Fresh Tower is coming and in that too it has been expensive by Rs 2000000 so Rs 2000000 is not expensive and what happens to people many times in resale 113  It happens that someone who has some project in his house is forced to sell it, then that deal cannot come below the price of the market. Bigg Boss: How do you find a person?  In any case, one should not buy properties from such helpless people and in any case, they should not be bought at such low rates, that is a separate topic for discussion, Astrological, I will cover that some other time, but what you want to tell everyone about you and answers-3  Secret Hind is this video channel Milling, a lot of details on all these things will come in time, from funny properties to which towers to make up, how to take the floor, if you like it then we will definitely share it in small videos.  Complete clarity will come but if you have bought property on Dwarka Expressway, then there is no point in selling it for resale. There is absolutely no compulsion in the next two-three clean days. Please excise is stuck if the option is backyard and cost of fund. You will get it.  All the money will be fish gentleman appreciation more likely to get in a stew yes because when it is built the rates that are going to come are very, very high in the next two-three months Small towers are also being launched on Dwarka Express. Someone's for Best Actor launch is exclusive. It is coming at a very high price. I have told the price at many places but that price is coming very high. The existing price is because of cement bars and these.  Everyone's rates have not increased for your Finolex, that's the passion, the Mi 96 was priced between July 2000 and in January 2019, before the Russian crisis, it was up to 1900 rupees.  It's almost double 1968 Something President Okay, you go to the store and check everything 838 Tums have been listed Witch go into real estate And there's been a big jump in each One more cigarette I'm telling Okay Witch have been advising 9  .the Builders Have Been Telling Shampoo to Tell the Plot That Bigg Boss Derision Knows When They Can Get the Cost in True Inflationary  Environment will take out the properties at any rate. The one who is ND Gujjar will have to pay the flight cost and when he goes and gets sad, you will look small in head, then the advice is that brother snake, go back and run, convince as per your wish, the land is yours, recharge, wash the land, kill it.  So everything is yours, make this dialogue as per your own, people, yes, of course, send some other rate for the plot and there cannot be any loss to the builder because of the sewerage and other expenses.  Records have been made, rest of the land is there, whoever wants to make it, he can make it his own and everything will be done. 140000 Ka ilaj for dad and two and it looks like this, hands in hand, inside the laptop, so telling you, explaining, laying out payment plan, threatening so and so is the whole story.  So British Inside Secret Visibility I'm not going to cover all of this in full, there's 15 10 minute videos on all of this, I'm leaving you with a cliffhanger but for that yes, how to tell what's going to happen next.  Another thing to explain is the loss in property bank. It is very important what you buy. People like and one is good. No you are and sacred water and money you have. What is the color of money? Is its color the same as my shirt or any other?  Some of mine are gray and some are white. That one is the color of Fifty Shades of Grey. Which one is from Shattered Fallen? Dark Great Words. What is Black? Color of Money Definition What is Gold?  Notice Mode On The Dark Does Shades Of Gray West Property You Will Be Amazed And You Will Not Know What You Are 324 Yes Because Parler What Program Is Running Leave All This To Crave The Secret So That You Get 1000 Likes And I Will Take A Break  Let me take the head of 1520 days Center for Research Discuss all these things that you are thinking that your whereabouts are getting settled and Rahu is the foam of cold coffee, milk, you have  I poured this much in a glass and the size of the glass was this much and I swirled it in the mixer and if there is this much cold coffee, then brother, it is different, so dear, this much is just because it was swirled in the mixer, so there is foam, the day must have taken milk from the lamp.  He never does it like this when he pours milk, either if there is a delay of 2 litres, he pours it four times, then after the fourth pour, he pours a little more, he will understand what I am saying when he pours money into cold coffee.  cold coffee  You drink it and keep it like this and the mustache that is formed here is that money of yours. It is becoming the mustache of many people and it is becoming the spoon of many people. Next to this, I am telling you one more cigarette. It feels like chilli lying there, when someone  Take a good and clean thing, it is understandable and because of me, because of the pot that I have taken, if anyone breaks the desire of becoming a floor, then it is a normal plot to take this decision, because what is there here too, in the space too, the winters which are market builders. They have started completing their product. Will any day also meet? Predators are giving better product. The normal builder who is building the plot is Renuka. It is not that his is expensive and hers is cheap. Swayam is just a gender and there are many players who come in this.  This category of category and where giving better product still getting air margin is sitting with the plot, it has very big inference drawn and very special also has a lot of power only then it becomes recommended.  Come and the common man with his request doesn't understand the gold in question which I tell you You know, that is the winter margin which is increasing. If you are a builder, then even if you take it, then put it at zero but you will make a plus on the cost of fund which you will get at seven percent.  People could have earned this by drawing money, now you will become someone like you, if this is a normal emphasis, then the premium apartments are very ultra luxury, so they should be 1.38, 50% of the premium will comment, then list of brands, payment of player's technology.  Making security of it, threatening, everything, think about it today, if there is such a total 2C woman, then explain hash has to be taken and in many cases, Edison is licensed at many places, but the calculation of C is done.  But they are not doing it, they are taking props, take it, that's one lakh tricks, one and a half lakh, these people have increased and increased, they have increased the calls, training and murder, they have hatched the plot, after doing this they bring it into the body and throw it away, so today they are all in the Play Store. How have I been activated? Now their rates have been kept the same, so if you keep their rates, then we have to look at the investment like this and we have to look at the driving time, not the real review, we have to look at the real review, five percent of the driving time.  that further  What is going to happen, so there is juice here, I am revealing one more secret in the juice, okay whenever you go to see a property, get the rates of plots around good flats, take that phone, take the rates of plots and put one in this.  The two that will come out, the one with sugar footage, you know the cost of construction. 25 is the minimum, the list has to be made, today I am telling you how much it cost a year ago, not today but today.  You will buy a contractor, after that your builder's margin will be yours, take the cost of funds, you know that tomorrow I will take a minute, I am giving you rough mathematics and formulas, today I am fine, songs, if the plot is there, the carpet area of ​​the quarter comes out to be 2.64 for your lips of love.  It will be different for me, in this I have taken out the voice, sat down and done complete research, so friends, if you take notes then according to the rules, the prescription carpet area will be 50% directly, so friends.  At 1818 Swift's Of These Lines But Apply The Formula, I am teaching it to the platinum members and I am learning the details very well. Platinum member, please, I am a boy, I am a senior, you will get to learn very interesting things, you will get to learn real estate course in details. That course of 177 is going on, you have attended it in 2017, out of which you have completed around 36, then you are in India's number.  You will become number 2131 of real estate intelligent man, then number two of women, but then no one can come and shake you, I always say, it is always difficult to explain, it is always difficult to provoke and bring fear in the factory and that is what I am till teachers are showing.  I am you, you will get to see my face, you will get to see my formulas, Raju, I cannot become a guide, Raju, I cannot go out by switching off the lights, because of me, Guru, sitting under a tree like this and complaining is okay now, add.  If not, then this environment will sit and complain and teach you that you will learn and once you learn, you will learn all the qualities, it is difficult to learn, tell me brother, tell me all the reality, tell me the rate, tell me what is good, what is good to do, this is good.  What will the future astrologer prevent? On what basis is he calculating the development? What did I tell you whenever you buy property? The biggest things that happened in your house are skin comes with crores. Company Adidas, what kind of car is it?  It is hey you are idiot Yogurt Crore Swaroop Swaraj Adhikari Farooq Saifi Saheb, if you drive for taxi, not me, then it is a very good thing for CM, look at the CM thing, how it changes, then the second cigarette is not only yours but for what you are taking seconds will.  Kia minutes for you are what kind of money issue after and WhatsApp Emmanuel Baingan Properties I will make in this space further I will explain everything well if you want them  Explain very well, did you enjoy this content, there was a grand finale, the video became a little long, everyone has to share, 1000 likes, this is online masking from you people, for this is not very, if 1000 likes come, then a second season will come.  There will be a little bit of technicality that will come under different headings but it will be so technical that a 12 year old child will understand. If an expert cannot explain something to a 12 year old child, then he can use this  It is Patni that one should never ask a question to the listener, only the one who is telling is intelligent. If a teacher and a good 12 year old child should understand something then it is okay, he cannot explain it easily at that level and forcefully makes it unfeeling.  To kill, you don't think that I have long-term knowledge from such people and if any knowledge and wisdom gang should do this, then that is the Karate, then the yes person should understand it, please like.  Share Thousand Lives Dilaayen and will continue with the second season thank you very much