Hello friends, Institution of Marriage and the New Generation is a very interesting topic. If you are going to get married, are you getting married or are you already married, or your children are grown up, there is less trust in the marriage of both boys and girls. Indian new generation is going, why is this rising, why should it not rise, I will give a perspective on this, I am quite qualified to give a perspective on this and I think in my life, I think that I am India's.  Number is the clarity giver on this subject, you have come in advance video, if you agree then please write. Yes, our perspective has changed a lot. I am going to reveal a lot of secrets in this. I am going to become very interesting for the society. So you will definitely enjoy. You are fine and mostly you will. I believe in this, I understand that no one understands, no one understands anywhere on YouTube, especially on these topics, let's start with these topics, boys are already crying, girls are not good, okay, not good.  Nowadays no one is good, all the robbers are bride type, there is a case in the court, kartengi will trap us, just waiting for this, just torture us today and then take us stars of harassment, this is going on a lot, mangtaon movement mikatao movement M won  That waste has gone outside, Man Lee Bhai, the waste is less, it is India now, listen to all my words and the girls are quietly doing something of their own, their Raita is also spread and they too do not understand anything.  As for both of them, it is samjhaunga because I have made many videos, make them in different ways, sometimes you have said to me that you are a feminist, sometimes you have said that you are not a match, first decide the mail shop list, it is ok according to me, not both.  Yes, real stone, okay, I am a down to earth leader, I am telling you what is happening exactly, listen carefully and why it is happening, in both the cases whether it is a boy or a girl, you are looking back, listen carefully to your father and mother, whatever. 23, 24, 25, 30 years of marriage are ahead or whatever happens. Papa and Mummy are looking back. The boy is feeling very demotivated. The boy is beginning to feel like an achievement. It is clear to the boy that it is like having fun, Papa. This is how my future father's life happened, I ca n't find anyone like my future mom, I ca n't find anyone like mom and mom, today I am going to tell you about the biggest fault of boys' maternal uncles, girl.  One who reveals many secrets, who opens the eyes of many people of the society and who definitely opens the eyes of the new generation. Marriage is going to remain an old institution that is the test of times. I am telling you in the form of an example. In the morning you are told that mummy  He said, it is okay to eat tindi vegetable, now I will not eat tindi, tindi vegetable becomes like that in the afternoon, you know I will not eat, I will not eat, I will not eat, I will not eat, then somewhere else.  Didn't get a choice, did n't get any food, felt hungry in the afternoon, then you will eat that tinda vegetable, many boys have eaten tinda vegetable at the age of 35, understand what I am saying, now you are having tantrums, right? 26 27 The girl is bad, the girl is bad, all the girls are bad, hey.  You have to marry one girl, all women are Jats, it is bad to marry girls, there will be many of them, you have to marry only one, there are so many men in the world who murder, rape and rob.  How many men are there? Women also say these men, all of them have become like this, we should not marry anyone, this is how one does it, if a wrong operation is done by one doctor, then the operation is not done, do the driver leave the car, do people in the taxi  If something happens in a plane, do n't you sit in a plane? If you are in a train, do n't you sit in a train? In everything, every person is walking on the road safely. Not all people in India or in the world cross the road safely.  Yes, all the food is decreasing, isn't it?  If there is poisoning, then why do n't you eat food? If you feel bad after eating outside food, then people don't eat country made liquor. By saying that they are poisonous, they lost their eyes, got poisoned, they got killed, then do people stop who do n't stop at anything?  So why is she having trouble so soon? Her figure has deteriorated so much. I am the girl's man, what all has gone wrong in my married life. I keep crying and tell my daughter, "Brother, don't get into such a trap." Lavi Devi was not a marriage, it was a marriage of convenience. Those who got married in 1967 or 80s, the old marriages of 1990 too, the marriage of convenience was a compulsion, the women had taken economics, they used to behave like men, today they would call it a boy's man.  Yes, I was great, now you find me and show me such a great Lalla Baba, I am not like your father, nor have you got such a good job.  There is so much pressure on the new children and boys, they are not able to understand anything, their father is not able to make a property even in a small job and even a property worth Rs. 50-70-80 lakhs is not being made which is Nothing is yours. Nowadays in a big city, even in a property worth 80-90 lakhs, you come across a BHK and even that cannot be bought by someone with a salary of ₹ 80 thousand because there is no house for 100 months salary.  The maximum comes from 50 months to 60 months salary or you can use a different formula for savings because how much will I get, I cannot take that thing worth 80 lakhs, now father is sitting on the assets, even mother does not reduce it during father's time.  It was a great service to father, so boys feel like they are married only then it would be cheating, we are nowhere without family, what can we say, girls' parents have tantrums, they don't marry.  They say where is the house, show me, I don't know about the job, the house should be small, it should be like this, the girl's man is telling everything, now it is the girl's man that you did slavery because you were an economics slip, if I went to the post, it was written about the hard work.  Once I have got the job, I should now go to serve them because there is a lot of trouble in doing only one service; the daughter-in-law will come and I don't know what service she will do. I do n't know how patient she is and she is waiting for me.  Son also think like this  I am sure that someone will come, I will also get the happiness, freedom and fun which I would have had if my father had not been there. You have to understand men, you have to understand that in the first 8-10 years of marriage, a lot of load falls on the woman and on the man.  It doesn't make any difference to marriage, even if I believe that marriage is for 50 years, according to me, it should happen in 25-26 years. If a man lives till 75-80 years, then marriage should start at 50-55 years.  8-10 years is a lot of load on a woman and it does not make any difference in a man's life. Your wife will be pregnant, she will have a child, the baby will be small, that small baby will change your wife's life and your life. Nothing has changed in me, nothing has changed in my body, nor has my job changed, friend, you are going to the gym, you are drinking alcohol, you are partying, you are watching a movie, you should roam around the land, reduce everything, nothing is happening in his body. Hormones are shaking like this, all the struggle is his, all the risk is his and if the marriage goes wrong, then he takes his pregnant one and eats her body. If he eats the little one with the baby, then the whole race is his. If the whole race is on his body then this is it.  If she has become a sucker and is throwing tantrums then why are you crying, man, nowadays it was bad, 200-250 girls are missing in North India, men above 300-350 should not do that.  250 By the way, if they get the ratio of 1:2 in the case of choice, then they will throw tantrums. Brother, it is a matter of demand and supply. I will tell you further in the demography that like tantrums, they have to last for years, no one is permanent, girls.  I am guiding everyone, I want to tell you that do not throw tantrums, you need a life partner because many people are saying no to marriage, I will not do it, what is the need to do so, people are so stupid. Boys talk like this, write in the comment section, we talk like this, if we talk about sex, we will get it from escorts, we will get it from her, we talk like this, we pay so much tax, is marriage only about that thing and can we actually get it? If you put in your efforts then you will get a chance to enter into a good relationship. By talking and talking, you are going to eat all the tindas somewhere at the age of 40 and then when you marry me. Neither will those relatives ask or there will be someone to suggest, nor will there be many times that she is a girl, not a boy, this is not right, this is not right, then the relative tells you and when you don't, then he also becomes silent and then  He waits, son, you show me who will you be ashamed of, I will come to your wedding, I will see you kiss, then eat 37 years, 38 years before, because the truth is not being told, boy, I am not telling that son, this is not fun.  The if today to me  If I get a choice, I know that I can become today's girl and what is going on in the society today, I would like you to have a job of my own and work of my own, income of my own, my own aspirations, I am this thing, this is what your father never did. Let your relatives bring the roti, make the roti today, friend, make the pakodas later, we will have a liquor party, meeting, I did not enjoy this thing, my body is spoiled and this thing was wrong, what happened to me is wrong, girls of today do not tolerate such wrong.  Will I support you and these girls are not so bad? Mother is saying that I am a boy, so brother, if you are not getting that aunt and babu, you are not getting it because your father is that boy, father, it has become like this. Papa ji has made a pot of 2504 bells, Papa ji did not give and I am not able to do anything, he said to me, study, do writing, take out a competition, get a job somewhere, now I have found a girl.  She is not able to be like my mother, nor am I getting any property like this, nor am I getting any assets, nor are my savings happening and now if I get married then I don't know whether this will also give me happiness or not and I will be spent. Or this team will give me a false case, this team will give me a punishment in someone's entire circle, a distant friend of the boy, a relative of someone, I am not having dinner and brother, I have taken so many examples in the beginning, then the whole thing goes wrong.  Do people not marry? Or don't you reduce the rest by smoking cigarettes, the whole world knows that the chances of getting lung cancer are higher if one smokes cigarettes, which means it is 100% known and the chances of getting lung cancer are more than cigarettes or there is a false case against you in the marriage. Increase your chances, my friend, get the data and do it, you will not exercise, you will not eat right, the chances of getting diabetes are high, the chances of getting hard disease are high, do this, data, and then what do you guys do?  If yes, then it is a simple thing, stop crying, stop listening to them from the parents' side, then I, you have to bring the girl for yourself and girls, listen to them, you have to take the boy for yourself, not for anyone else, you have to move your life forward, he is yours. They are old friends, they will become like this in 5-10 years, you can't live with them and ca n't tolerate them too, and if you have to make adjustments and tolerate them in life, then brother, find your future partner, make a relationship and this Marriage of 99% people is required. There are less than 1% people who are doing something great in life, serving the world, serving the society, serving the country. There is no bigger goal brother, come on, you are the path to it.  If you go to this then maybe it is ok to leave, don't get married because you are the one born to be great, no one else is born to be great, this is the only one who is less to be great and this is what gives the purpose of censure, not you, not all such people.  Nothing happens, everything happens to it D number I will go ahead it un number There is a lot of difficulty in giving birth to a child in old age, it does not run away, there is no skin behind it, there is no fun, Randup because that is when you tell your mother in the morning, I will not show you the tinda, I will not eat it.  Even when you eat, you cry and do n't eat happily. This is also a problem. All these people are not doing marriages, their twenty is within it. 2017 29  They are not doing it till 30, they go and get married every day, their quality is not happy at 38-40, they get married when they are about to be released, their parents are 75-80 years old now, they don't know how much, friend.  Everyone has gone away after getting married. Now there is nothing in life. Now, if we meet someone somewhere then we get married. This is a marriage of compulsion. There is no one to go in it anyway. I am looking a bit strong. Why did people say that I go married?  Date 39 M Very happy brother, you got that one or two percent, 5% are lucky, you will be lucky, this is not the case in 95%, giving birth to children in old age, scientifically check which syndromes are at risk, how many pregnancies are there.  You can do it, okay, please check it, adopt it on time, and in that, I will become something, I will settle down, I will become like this, oh these days I will settle down somewhere because child.  The annual expenditure of Rs 2 lakhs, if you delay education by 5 years, if you delay it by 8 years, then that expenditure on crops will become Rs 4 lakhs. Your salary and income are not increasing as much as your expenses will increase. I will delay marriage, I will delay making assets, I will have children.  I will delay, I will delay everything because I will set, you are not getting settled so much, your salary is not increasing so much, so all that comes in a package, and package hamper, gift hamper, whatever you want to buy, man, that package. Isn't it a package for the education of a married wife, from giving birth to a child to raising a child from first to 12th? That package is becoming expensive every year and it is becoming so expensive that some of its components are  That's how much your salary is increasing, friend. 2% 4% 5% 6% 7 8 10 It is increasing so much, in many places it is increasing less than one, two, three, four inflation, so where will you settle down?  Now, what qualification will people not achieve in 30 years? If you sit for 30 years on a salary of Rs. 1.25 lakh per month, then in 32-35 it is not going to become ₹ 5 lakh, it will become 60, 70 at the same time. 8:15  That's it, it will not be more than that, but if you do it on time with a like minded girl or a girl who earns money, people will get their purpose by doing savings, the sooner they will start achieving their goals.  If you will be happy then please stop crying about it, girls are all bad and boys too are all bad, this man is all bad, just like every bowler will get a wicket on one ball, batsman has to make every difference then you have to make every girl.  Just like a batsman has to defend every ball, you are a bowler, you need a wicket per ball, you get the right girl, because if the girls of the whole world are great and you get the useless one, still then it is a disease.  You will still be there, all the boys in the whole world are very good, but your husband is the worst, what to do? If people tell me, then comment on all the men and all the women, check them whether they are good or bad, these days' girls are bad, these boys.  Our minds say that by interpreting them basically like us, they are not stupid and helpless like us. Today's girls are just like this, they are not told this, they are told this is not good and those boys who enter  What are you saying, your mind is not a gym, it is okay and they absolutely want the mother's part, you just came as you did, brother, you are not going to get that, you are not going to get it and the girls also have to see that these snakes do the job, you have given birth to children.  At home, I am giving message to girls in relative terms, initials of marriage, in 7-10 years, when marriage takes place, then a child is born, second child is born, woman works very hard, but not brother, brother, I mean I am addressing girls. Roll number of a man is a long struggle of a man, in the beginning he enjoys for 10-15 years, 10-12 years, he is young, he is working, you are giving birth to children, you are running around, but if he is like his father, Being a good father, he has to shoulder the responsibility and in today's times, there is a lot of pressure on a man, to earn money, to settle the children, to find a spouse for the children, to build assets, to manage the household, etc.  To take care of all the relationships and fix them, if we look at a marriage of 55 years, then we spend the last 10-15 years when it turns out to be neutral, all the children of each other come out and the children have grown up, then 55 years of marriage is 40 years less.  If you lived for 80 years and got married at the age of 25, then there are 40 years less in the marriage of 55 years. This is 10 years less than the first 40 years. Too many women.  It means that in the 30 years left, less goes to the man and less to the man and the less to the woman in the initial 10 years, it gets balanced somewhere, so if women want to think long term, then there is no need to cry. Also or in the beginning, if your opener comes, he will face the first ball, okay, but Mahendra Singh Dhoni is your husband, the match finisher, okay, he is okay, he is not the first fast bowler, he is not coming in the first over due to being in jail, but he is the one who did this.  across  Have to understand your Mahendra Singh Dhoni type. If yours is ok then catch how many examples. Catch them like this. In the beginning, the husband cannot do that much, neither can you give birth to nine children from him nor can he raise them. The more he sleeps the less, it is exactly measurable.  If you want, he can do it, but what is the problem of girls in the time table, when your marriage is going on, that means there is a child in it, you will be pregnant and you are feeling nauseous, now how can the husband feel like that?  He can just sit with you, can help you a little, can do a lot, but the one who gives you that feeling from inside that I am in captivity, Bulbul, because that baby is in my hand, he cannot go anywhere, he is undergoing cesarean operation. 24 takes are engaged, their own pain is burning, the children have to be fed milk, then the husband cannot reduce it, you have to go through that pain, the husband means it is possible, he can simply show impeti, he can roam around the butt.  Still you will feel like this  Now-a-days girls have started doing this competition, I am biting, Ragni Kata, I am having pain, why is it not happening to you, he will also have pain, his time will also come, his batting will also come, he will also get hurt, he will also get hit by sixes, but Pressure will also come, it's okay, its time will also come, wait, if you have to marry for 55 years, if you have to take all the decisions in 5 years, then brother, then if the video goes on for 5 years, then marriage can happen to any girl. According to me, this should not be done because in the first 10 years of marriage, the woman has to go through this, after that she gradually goes behind and the one who is a father and a husband comes ahead and everything comes on him, you tell me. Baba's father, you tell me what has to happen, you tell me how, if it is not happening, then you tell me, if admission is not happening, then you do it, if you are not getting a job, then you do this, if it is not happening, then you see, everything depends on him, then nature itself balances it.  If you have patience then be patient  You are not having patience, marriage is useless, what is the benefit of getting married, hey Rondhu Mal man, you are having the same fun for 10 years, so you should not do anything in the same way in the relationship, meaning first of all, don't do anything less than the girl, then your turn has to come.  And you first, girls are bad, girls are bad, take 150 more programs in these 10 years, girls of today do not get the same programs, to be able to get pregnant, get married, cook some of their own food at home.  These do not diminish in this, in this you have to program your parents and other parties to do good to them too, they can make your bread, their own is enough, okay, so I hope you all understand this thing, please look around this video and understand the underlined message.  Don't listen to your father and mother's troubles and the aspects of their world which are different, I will make a video on that too, tell your father and mother, the world is not like this, hey world.  Mental world is relationships in mind. Physical world is physical world. It can be same for many people but in the same physical world everyone's mental world can be different. It is a very good concept. I am samjhaunga somehow someday it is okay from home. People may be living in different worlds. No matter how much the parents adjust to the model world, their own mental world is different from that of you on the plane. If you enter into their world and look at the world, you will not find any solution.  Then you will remain a bachelor like this, brother, there is no one to ask you, if you do not have a job, your face is not good, your nature is not good, nothing about you is right, then it is understandable that you are not getting married, but you are sitting tired.  The thought process itself is messed up, those dirty girls are good, good, useless, useless, I do n't know, if it is not good then brother, then you will eat tindas, okay, thank you very much.