Hello friends, today's topic is the rising interest rate which RBI has recently increased the interest rate and real estate, what effect will it have on real estate and you as an end user investor, what can you do, we will discuss it. Prima facie is very easy.  Interpretation: Brother, interest has increased, now people will be able to take loan and the demand for real estate will go down. Before this, I would like to tell you that the day the interest rate falls.  Its day date is D Friday which was the last Friday. You see, when there was a huge surge in the share market at the end of September. If you give it a particular day then the market was accepting and expecting Vijay. Already ok, accept and what is the market also expecting?  The last debt event was this over debt this one second thing that you would be interested to see if home loan lates have increased even by 1% in the last seven-eight months and now that  There should not be even 1% less, I mean, this will happen for the next 10 years. No, do you people know that if there is a cycle of inflation then that too only 10% more money has gone in 10 years. Now the builders are two-two-three-three.  The market which is increasing by 10% in a month, which is going on now, the second thing on which people probably pay less attention because people do not go to foreign countries or do not send money outside or do not get money from outside, is the dollar and dollar exchange rate.  To touch 82 rupees, you can say 82 rupees in a short distance and investing hair is late in the market, there is a lot of demand and NRIs are also in such a situation that whether they have to come back to India or not, will the accounts be settled further.  This is also a very very important consideration. The second thing that people are forgetting is that it will be almost two and a half years of Covid-19, the money saved in it will be a lot of money for people for two and a half years.  The money left by the people who lost their jobs has not yet come into the market and it is creating a lot of demand in the market. Third thing, we think that everyone will make 10, 15, 20% down payment and will take 80% loan.  This thing has to be seen that now the loan that is being taken on the under construction properties where you will pay the money in four years or in three years, the money from the loan is going to the builder.  There is also a construction link plant, so if the entire amount is not going in at once, then as interest decreases in the future, there will be fluctuations. Many people have found it wise to take a loan even at a fixed rate. If any of you want a loan, if you are interested in the loan.  If you want to transfer information or loan or want to take a new loan, please WhatsApp on the number given below. Another consideration is that people are thinking that taking a loan will cost a lot.  People are buying property even after selling it. They still have 10 to 20% to give and which property they have to sell. I call it a spinning system. Like in Delhi, no one buys your property without buying it. You all know if you sold it because someone will buy the property somewhere in the city, someone will sell it and buy it in Narayan, someone else will buy it somewhere in the middle, if it roams around, then loan is not a consideration at all for those people who have bought the property.  Many people have to sell their property, many people get it in daily or in other places also, the inheritance money that you get by selling the property, whatever money comes to two brothers, two sisters to sisters, now that too is being invested, so from all these things, this  The state has to be increased, it is not having any effect right now and the demand which is there within the supply is not much supply because of the supply like Maggi is also made then you can predict in two.  If you have to wait for a minute, the supply of the old inventory which was there in the last 6-8-10 months, all the laptops have been sold from the market, that inventory is not available right now and the fresh launches are coming at a very high price.  It is possible that the brothers of Sales Velocity were sold in three days, now they will be sold in 15 days or in a month, this is possible but the date can also be different.  Substantial Sizable Difference in the Sentiment of the Situation Plus Share Market of Course People You Always Stay in Your Share Market Don't Leave Your Same Thing What Mutual Fund People Are Doing You or Direct Stock Always Win in the Market Even You Can Be Awaiting You  On the end, I will not make a video about the stock market, but you know that now there is some risk in people investing money in the stock market, so there is a lot of hope of that money going into real estate. Investment avenue is not visible and the last joker in D pack says that whatever is not being discussed that much right now is inflation brother, nothing will come of money, you are understanding that it is like running on Redmi 2 Remain Aate D from place  You have to keep running your not getting rich anywhere but you are running and you are late then inflation I want to explain to you is a very important thing in North India.  Inflation is more than in South India which is a city near ports, so in South India, the data that was released last was 7.1%, 7.2%, if national was released, but in North India, it was in the same data, it is 9% because of the same incidence in ports.  By the time it comes to North India through high logistics cost, the inflation in North India is more than this, the data of inflation in North India which was 9% is nine and a half percent.  There is inflation in North India, if you are getting a loan at 8% at 7:30 % and taking the income tax rate, your next net will be only 6.86.9% and inflation is on time, then now you have no choice but to get into real assets.  There is not only choice, you also have to look at it in this way that the value of money is also decreasing. 9% inflation means that the thing which was worth ₹ 100 today will be worth ₹ 109.  What has to be done is that if you people get to keep the handkerchief on the properties which are to come to position in 3 to 4 years and today you are a marked builder, he is a top builder, you get to keep the handkerchief and a payment plan is given.  If this type of plan comes, then you have to pay the money at different times. Those who do not have jobs now, for some reason, those whose jobs you are looking at cannot take anything. Within this, there is a lot of salary increase in the remaining places.  is happening  Again this debt is attributable to inflation and suddenly the demand of the business has come in the market itself. If you see, the lion's share of it is going down because the margins seem to be getting eroded. You have seen the salaries in the margins.  There will be so much moonlighting right now and don't do this, don't do that, do n't do this because today people who are in the market want to make money even by doing many things to help the economy. I will also make the things that will happen in the video in the future, you all must watch it but at the interest rates at which we do not buy microwaves because we cannot invest Rs. 10000 crores, a big mistake of retail is that they do all this by reading TV channels and newspapers because Talking about micro, now you hear it sounds very intelligent and if you repeat it, it will happen but what is to happen on micro, you had to take what you want, what you are seeing next to you is increasing its flat power.  and his  What was an easy payment plan is turning into a difficult payment plan. So, what was an easy payment plan which is turning into a difficult payment plan, its drawback is related to money somewhere, so increasing the interest rate is a reality in itself, but it is not interested.  The increase in the price of the product itself is also a big thing if you understand it this way because the interest rate, as I explained, is a personal thing even for 10 years, so only 10 people went here.  Are we reading 10% rates in the quarter, are they increasing or not? Tell me, are the following looches in markets like Gurgaon or in other markets, I will make their approximate rates in the upcoming video, but in this video stick to micro. Investor, what happened in Ukraine, what are you doing there, what is happening in the Middle East, what politics is happening, what is happening in China, this is timely and intelligent thing to listen to but it does not matter.  This is a truth of life in investment. You are not putting ₹1 lakh crore in India. What is happening in India? You have to buy a flat next to yours, a plot, a floor, a property, a date, two, three.  If you want to invest in Char Punch Siyar, then this thing is not at all important for you. Now when the cost will be published everywhere on social media, in newspapers, on TV, it will be discussed and articles will be written. Yes, but you keep monitoring your rates with me.  You can join the webinar because I always keep telling you about the rates of all the latest products which are coming and which are trending. I understand that there is no point in telling the rates on any video because 15  If the day changes within a month, then what is the benefit? You took the rate of ₹ 100, it became ₹ 105, then just like that your mood got spoiled. Do you also know what the rates are and how the prices are happening?  Value Pix is Value Pix if you want to join then VP you can WhatsApp again and next till the weekend of this week webinar again start on d topics thank you very much