Half yes ji ki mein rukey kha topics F I will be comparing affordable housing with mutual fund benefit investment so normal in ODF since it's real estate and this I am S8 this is telling you forget such a class wear FD then I will tell you mutual  I will tell you the fund, then I will tell you about affordable housing and then I will tell you the rough mathematics of it, you people will tell me by adding mine and finally I will give you my vote in that detail.  Friend, I will tell you that the topper is for this and that, which people should take the third day, how to write, what should be done, I will also tell you, if the screen with my calculation gets destroyed and destroyed, share it, share it, subscribe and from inside plates.  Yes, I will try to explain it only by doing the agency. While sharing the body, please admit me fort share file by 122 chm calculation. If something stops in the middle, then tell me, it is okay to stop.  So do n't want to be the first one to take FD, your parents must be doing FD, you must be doing it too, you too can be printed I do n't know you rich first will take off its something Contact t-20 Fixed Deposit Interest Generally if a person who Promoted in the Bank Starting from five questions, if your ₹ 2500000 is tasty, everything is left to the limit DKNY 10 lakh plus channel like plus piler and  This combination has been done by father, this has been done by mother, after all, in someone else's name, I am taking the candy example to the court and this week, so if this 25 lakh cap has been given, then it is January 2022, if it is now, then if it is five percent.  If she gives it to me then it means I get Rs. 1.25 lakh per year i.e. Rs. 10.50 per month. If I have to withdraw Rs. 10.50 every month to eat or do anything in January. How much is my FD in 2030, it will be of 25 lakhs and this is 10.5 I ate the money, I did anything, it's my wish, it's fine I came Tuesday but if I want to increase in FD and rot this money day FD victims in that case 26.25 How much is this  Understand this basic flour fatty acid per month liter and you can  Increase The Tasty Without Predator Mind Rest Potential Threats Day No Issue For The Interest Rates From Last Fight Shadow Have Been Coming Study Done From 9am 572 FD 25 On St. Joseph Senior Citizen Ko Little More Lives Giri 5.5 Koi That Debate Baagi Hai Par Mota Mota ICA PIMS GOING TO THREE PERCENT ALSO IN THREE  Years Pet Mein Bhi 3.5 854 Yes Government Is The Biggest Power And Maintenance That One Interested To Be A Navodayan Population Is Increasing Day By Day Which Is Coming In The Market And They Need Access To Low Cost Funds Ok Show Will Be In A Low Cost  Interest Rate Regime If We Are 98 In 2015 We Are Going Down If Strike Tree Will Remain  Dash Dash in Untouched, it will go like this in Sher, but in general till transitory, this debit has been canceled, Game Hum Bhaarat will go again on the percentage which used to get 9812 things in the stomach, okay friends, thank you never come, so in FD, I have given you this challenge.  The bench tells what is the biggest issue of FD, what is the problem, if its scan is not found, then eat for the month or big, both cannot be done, now we come to mutual funds.  Now what is there in a mutual fund but I will notice that this Lord nor the significance of this contest all 29 May Speaker happens if I say let's put in a mutual fund named ₹ 100 ok exam first my  You took the exam, you took it from this side, it is a good match, it is a new model of your hair, it is okay in animal, so if I have Rs.10000 in January, then here is the solution.  I am sure but I ca n't be amazed More than 1000 points 108 Will have to pay ₹100 If you want, I can take as much money as you want, I can take it in lump sum, I can take it in SIP, there are ways, everybody  No step is fine, so you understand the basic thing that you can list only as much as you have, you cannot take less than that, whatever is the market rate of that day.  You can take it on a date, the rate can also increase or it can be okay, this is the basic thing, have you understood this much, you already know what I am telling you, but I am trying to connect the dots and take you to a result, okay.  If there is fifty percent thing, I also know that you should not think about it, it is boring for them to think about what is being told next, it is being told that if there is hatred then you have to buy 100 units, it is shown in this IPO that  if he  If it becomes 105 next month then your net speed web will be 110 and if it becomes 110 then you will earn more. If there are spots then more will come. You understand this process very well. All of you understand very well but if I stay for years horizon.  Supports Android Market ICC Is It Like This Or Is It Not Like This Is It Okay And Distance Between Boys Only S A  Sacrifice will go ok then you will come with figure editor and the furious you will have some unit and you will have but with inch love what happens listen to me very very careful ok i will tell you 225 left in mutual fund quantity 5 lakh  Mutual fund no that these four years ok service award function 125 like sweet vikram six point two  You are investing ₹ 5 per month for a year, approximately, your thinking is that people are investing Rs 5200 or mutual fund, okay, for 4 years, if you are investing this, then every month you will earn more or whatever, this figure of 25 lakhs has come.  It has increased from late to your 32nd F-35. If you assume any figure then its returns will be considered. You can try it and see if it is near this evening and something like 20%.  Field under figure also question also 3233 Om ne Bigg Boss money was going your every month it is ok to calculate it on left this feature you have it is 3235 and is now you will not get any more money Vikas York New York  Put any money pickup figure of 25 lakhs, only then you have to compare the market value, if the computer is good, then if you have stopped putting then we will come to you.  A figure will come, put any interest rate of yours, you can tell by happiness, then soon you will also have Chaggi Rs. 35, this is the thing, Bigg Boss Returns, if you look at Calculator Tyagi, what will happen now, this Tilak will make you happy all the time.  Giving, not giving, okay, it can be 3550, it can also be a holiday in the next year, it can be coastal in the next year, Pandey, anything can happen but you have.  Difficulty Now I'm Saying Something Different Vitamin E Invested Put Both of These Into That [Music] One Tablespoon More What's The Difference Jassi The Magic Subscribe The Water At It's Not Increasing Alive With Example Give One 98100 Will Go Then 120 That's All And  I haven't paid 25% continuously, but right now my boyfriend is about to give me 5% and then it's dry. And now my construction is linked seventy percent finance minister George and 323 edifice is ok this without VoLTE support 324 month so total 10 all things about various Samota would have been guessed of course we will tell 3832 votes exactly as yours but tell us the calculation in thick and thin, money will be spent in 4 years And whatever your money is going in four years, here that money is going to your 3129, you have to understand this.  So I Will Explain To You Are Very Very Disturbing Affordable Housing To You Mutual Fund Time To Understand Affordable Housing Project Mutual Fund Evolved You Understand And Learn Today A Comparison Shampoo Shampoo Se So It Is Mutual Fund Special Bhatt Se Z 1065 Carpet Area Africa And Its  Water Live T20 Phone Shishu Apply Adapter Removed So You Have Committee And Committee  265 units of these mutual funds Airtel network this and money you have fixed deposits of gone out first enter send those who have purchased have to be sent to the middle center You might not have thought like this but you should know what good all this has done  Go with you, you have fixed this thing in 122, now your money will become its favorite in the market, in the market outside the market, in 4 years, your labor will  If you give money to someone, his rate is increasing, your cement rate is increasing, everything is increasing but this one is not increasing, this is 42, okay, the tile rate is increasing, your paint rate is increasing, yours is okay.  Will just Renu talks about labor in UP, development is taking place in UP, so much development is taking place, the labor force is occupied, this is my village and this is my highway being built and here I am.  I will do it slowly, why do I have to work as a laborer in Gurgaon, because of the cost of living here, I have animals, I have a family too and I don't even have to come and go, otherwise this point forward which is like this. Aye Watan Bihar par aur swasth raat sampan to time you will release never going very very difficult of labor is something which will pinch Lord of people okay that's why this  Youth is fleeting, share what it is, its requirements reduce, more technicians come, these are the children of ITI, those ones become more in the world, drink, drink, drink, the companion in the heart, who is far away from extending a hand.  Number nine was Yadav. Those who extend their hands will not be laborers. In the song, looking like the other one becomes okay. What happened in election vote Hans Affordable. Invest around ₹ 2500000.  We will see that 20% back jump of 125 plant, so when it is ready in four years, there will be an edition of it, okay, according to the market trend, the figure is running at 250, okay, after that, the asset age at that time will be 39 years.  Chaff OTP rhythm we have nothing to do with it, it is not possible to sell our wear feeling happy award is ok, after that go to the country affordable will give you  Through you rent after sixteen 2012 for three to four years and two three is depending on location and how earn a specific state Money can now go to make children or stock market equity to water 56 Taste Your Creative Onefool and Eggs What is Coming And  You are making this one, this one is going into this, this one is getting bigger, this one is getting bigger and bigger, you were putting it in this one. And it is increasing, it is not becoming open source, it cannot be zero but it is increasing, there is correction song in this too, it will also go up and down, but this is a cow giving milk, it is sour, it is taking away the milk by selling the milk to you.  And the third class is our dat, this is the best example of what I was explaining earlier about real estate versus witch people, it is okay, mutual fund equity is okay on the raw table, so brother, if these two are any, then I am in good health etc.  People of 2030, you enter here, first take yours and then play its games from here and when it becomes big, liquidate it and then take some more rest, take a loan against it, it is okay Abhinav Kohli Explain the question with positive example solid so that you can understand  Come, listen carefully, if any property is worth only Rs 27 lakh, it is okay in the example and I have given this example of coconut tree only. Because now it is worth 25 lakhs for F4, it is worth 25 lakhs 50 thousand brothers and sisters, you invest 5 lakhs 50 rupees in it, okay and take a loan of 20 lakhs, which will cost you for each person after two years, now the cost is off. Fund 6.5 cents will go down to five percent * Yes and 3S So you are paying interest on it Rs 1 lakh Special Rs 150  You are giving 8.5 lakh rupees off, right, that is not all from this bill, otherwise you are talking nonsense. If I put 6, then if I put 6, then it is going busy. 120000 is still going, rs.10000 CR is going.  Well, it will be 4.30 if BSP pays 6, then I have to pay rs.10000 interest to the bank for taking this loan against property.  Which is 25 lakh 50 then my out is how much versus that is my own equity and equity is mine while equity is 5.5 black loan front like it is 1000 ok no effect on rent of 60 properties which is example dev which has to be taken connect with  Do that example later, I will tell you okay, you will get 16k from midnight tonight, after 3 years when you have given the gift, it is a room, a room.  If I cool it then I will understand that it is giving a six times to me - I have given six coins on my 5.5 This 5.5 also you add it Play Store 1.5 Registry cost and ₹ 2 OLX shift Same bed Bed Mattress AC Book Furniture Complete one packet  It is an affordable fraud, just comment to me and I will tell you, okay, so this is yours, seven lakhs, you and I are getting tax, whereas on equity, it is Rs. 70 per month.  On investment it is giving ten percent returns on investment Beam 72 Like it is giving ten percent returns on investment So I want I want to tell you sisters and brothers listen carefully mind it is possible you are getting ten percent returns on only activity with this ₹ 70 per week  Getting Equalized So It's a Very Good Investment In mutual fund again like and credit or share and make it guru 8.2 15percent and again feel that worked and used light on equity to buy another system to all the people who work in at Indian live over a period of tennis and 10 swift waiver held  For Disposal iPod is Difficult Learned Monks from Robert Kiyosaki Edwards Reading a Good Book  Documentary Degrees Script Products Implement in your life is fine with the help of Mental Health in Real Time Example Because we study so little in schools and are never able to add some knowledge to his life. Till date we don't know what causes depression in real life. Theta cos thirty, enter mine, okay, that off lamp post, this post, that post, we don't know, we don't know what studies we have to do, we do n't know why, life science which is there somewhere. Passed the exam, got a job, also according to taste, now let's separate our own, here it is near, and this is your tenth over head unit army, okay, win by property, hair pack, property paper, property, year back, paper property, which is throwing money to you.  Are Not Taking Away All Your Win That Bank Mode Turn Of The Year You Start 105 So By The Time You Hit Inspire You Will Have Multiple Properties Spot People Doing What  You all have the sense don't doing this and appointed since 2016 Mutual fund is taught brother in mutual fund your short term is pole your mid term goal is how fool makes it cheap and your long term is cool you are so excited in this one  If it is worth Rs 10 lakh then you would have gone to Switzerland and got it washed, but this one will be your child, such packets have been prepared for him and this will never happen. These opinions are nothing and this know what is day every buddy is forced to give them treatment it treatment your running don't it is moving your riching know where your deeds will only end to take care lootane ki front's front's comment only to  Go From Delhi To Trivandrum Benefit Only Will Reach Thm Kilometer Kilometer Day Is Ok So Running From Greater Kailash Is Even Better But Actually This Tell me how did you like it? Can stop the question? I hope I have been able to explain it to you guys. Now tell me how did you like Sky? Okay, we can tweet a little on this. Vikas Top 10 Recording. Okay. Yes, you can ask questions.  If you can, then the questions will be erased, after that then I will tell my second one, the last thing will seem and the tangible thing will go because they have stolen so much knowledge that it is summer, don't tell me live, thick mathematics, understand the shield of state versus.  subscribe to use every buddy everything is ok don't get into this party president is what was formed in meerut and banyan tree somebody one big ritual universal truth time by cantonment templates follow friend follow this procedure firing everyday you new so please like Rahul  Dravid is right that the problem of process is that one has to set the time sitting and not sitting. Sadhu will go but mostly from bill kathak class for college so only thing which prompted neetu is that control labels ok control from your controllable is dipped in your hand what is not dare good time people soldier depression and remind tax in suction and in In everything, any depression separates one and a half year from China, it is okay, this can't stop the recording recorder.