That Hello friends, before starting today's video, I would like to thank all of you that I have received a very positive response on the duty video I had made, I had not made it so clear, eat and I am very much like when and have. Decided Toe Tail Me has 2.5 feet Call 100 If you guys want to tell me that I have a lot left in it, then you must be watching this video which I am making right now. Get it for Rs 50, I will make that video also and release it as soon as I can. There is still a lot of interesting left in it which I want to show you guys in Part-2. Gold and less tourist videos like white money minded series.  Page No. 66 Today's topic is ours, show cold not so this Supreme Court once all want feature issues are only by Reserve Bank of India on Bihar up the Central Government lord give  Very easily, those people who have a demat account on this Android platform, if they have to take it physically then this hole should be with the bank, manager etc. will explain to you right now when this video has been reduced the most likely to be reduced and  11th November 10 series this on off do bring to front that good boys 1230 number is on for two days this rate is 5107 rupees  But customers, in this you can invest from One Gram to a maximum of 4kg. This is within the limit for, which means it is in digital form, it has a maximum maturity period, its history is hanging, after that there is an exit option. The best thing in this is that the government  In this, 2.5 Hussain net also gives you the return of jogging gold, so this 2.5 edition is your advantage and has the biggest voltage.  The advantage of this in your mind is that there is no tax on maturity in comparison to physical gold and the gold you buy in ETFs, so there is something special about this that whenever you have MS Word, you will not have to pay any tax on it. If you have subscribed then definitely.  Tax will be saved here, there is government packing, so you can take it. Let me tell you all this about the school, according to me, you can go to the school if you have 980 rupees in your portfolio. Subscribed but still gold rates increased in Coal India Gurjars Donor please then I will recommend gold investment to you in a tooth manner one is that they can during or it is going on like this that you can use second place donor  There is also a play like a Twitter pickup center in Noida - 201301, where 10 to 12 followers are subscribed, they do it, so now  1957 but will add it in the last, it is subscribed, you have two or three things in it, in it, you can make one like this, as per my opinion, you put the person who messed with the bus, and this zip is very good night to do it, it is like that person. You can also put it in 'When you reach maturity, you will get money every month. Every month you can put it in the From Time To Time of Serious Government, which is coming in the next December, it is free.  The schedule from that next January till survey recovery is half of that till next year 2030, so according to me it is quite good, it is a new product, so you guys subscribe to it and in this series which I am making right now, I am different -  In this ad, I am telling you about different products, you will know the good and bad of each product and this will increase your choice. My request is that by subscribing, it will share its videos with you. Show the wife to the children also so that everyone inside the house is together. Bigg Boss, we do not take people along, that is why when the DJ comes, there is a little contradiction in the decision on that matter, some one person has given his all.  By getting the information, he has done that. The other member of the house may be equally knowledgeable about the boats and he said no, I want a physical body or I want mutual funds like this, if I don't want it then I will have complete information. This is an SMS electricity.  My  This is a series, I will make more good videos about it in future and so my request to you is, share it and like it and feel, I will upload your WhatsApp DP video with you, thank you too.