Hello friends, today's topic is Astrology Fraud, this topic has been inspired by Dhruv Rathi ji, he is a popular YouTuber, you people would know that he mostly has 50 times the number of subscribers than me and recently a latest video of his came in which he has given this information on Astrology.  If it has been told that it is a fraud, then the answer is the same, you will enjoy it only if you watch the video. Ok adervise, anyway you can watch it, this is the video above the video itself and punch mistakes in it. In the video, we will discuss what happened with them, okay, one of the things that I do is astrology, also okay, I am an astrologer, I believe in systems, so I also crush, you know it, okay, and I have an opinion that we crush the system.  Everyone has the right, so I am telling this to those of you who know astrology, recognize it, misuse it, like it or not, because of that they have made it a school boy debate. School Boys School Girls When you make more of a team and that team does research and serves you and you become like a star artist anchor, then those gaps are visible in statements and speaking, no team tells my content, my content is only me.  So you will get to see that convection and that knowledge. Your praises are over. So now I will tell you about the first mistake of the entire video. This is the biggest mistake of the entire video. They have mixed astrology and astrologer. This is very bad.  It is very unfortunate that I used to call my students with the same thing earlier also, but today it is your duty because there is an attack on a system of India, so you have to reach it, this is a duty, I would say, and it is complete.  Only after listening, please do write 'If you agree with me' in the end. I want a shower of comments. It is okay here that I have mixed astrology and astrologers for example. I am telling you because listening to examples is very important. I am also going to give a lot of examples, I am also going to make some predictions in them, and finally, I am an actual astrologer, so I will also make four predictions, all of you will get the answers, when will you get your job, when will you get married, how will your marriage be?  This will work for prediction of three things also and is applicable for everyone and you can also do it. I am also an astrologer, I will tell you, okay, so astrology. How did we mix up the astrologers that if a patient dies and inside the hospital, then what is the case? If the death is due to negligence i.e. by mistake, then will the case be filed against the doctor, against the hospital or against medical science? Tell me brothers and sisters. No doctor is right, no doctor is wrong and there is no doctor, there are only a few doctors, of which there are many. If you see in India, do we say that medical science is useless? You have abolished medical science.  I have done it because here I have united my astrologers and astrology. I have not come here to defend the astrologers, which I am myself. I have come here to defend astrology. First of all, I am telling you clearly. It is okay that many politicians have gone to jail here. Corruption has done a lot of things, do you know that since the time the country became independent, do we say that democracy is bad, has the Constitution of India also become bad?  Those who have power through whom it is exercised are corrupt, they are messed up. If someone ran away with 10000-12000 crores then the banking system itself is the modern banking system itself is bad. Go back to the water system. Banking system has been in existence for thousands of years in the name of capital system.  Humans have become very dirty, disgusting, and have become less and less. So, is religion bad? Even today, in the name of religion, so much bad, useless, absurd, bad things happen to us, so what if we come to know about everything?  Religion has become bad, people who do it are bad, this was their first mistake of making a video and doing a story, one was to cover the punch and second, they collected all the superstitions like ghosts and ghosts Baba, which is a wrong thing under astrology.  Dal Diya is like the Astrology here, he is their ring leader and he gives the example of Nirbal Baba below, take that chutney, eat this, eat the soil, hey, when did Nirmal Baba say that I  Astrologer and I are practicing astrology. Looking at which horoscope is that confluence? Someone is saying one thing, someone is saying something else. Why are you linking it with astrology? Brother, any kind of hypocrisy is happening in the name of something, that astrology.  Meaning everything name d carpetology date it wrong date it logical give show of video no research has been done four boys and girls team made something because it is popular because speaking against astrology Support for Astrology will show more views. I will be shocked. Normally, those who watch the full video will understand the point, but what is in the beginning, they will like only that clapping, so the item number is yours, do that, it's okay.  So this is the biggest mistake, secondly he said that weak people come in astrology, weak people come in astrology, so everywhere whenever you go to a doctor, you will go to a lawyer, doctors also make very bad teachers.  If people are also fooled then has the law gone bad? Will medical science go bad? Has the education system gone bad? People are fooled. So you tell me. What people say now that there are those who do not believe in God is also a belief system.  Now he said that all those who believe in God are weak, all people have become weak and now these weak people can be deceived i.e. the atheists who do not believe in God, you can  If you can't do it by stealing their OTP, you can never cheat them in life, nor can you cheat them in marriage, because the weak people who will put you in this category is a very simple stick view point.  That people go only in the week highest week movement, go in the wonderful moment  There is corruption everywhere in the profession. Even in the government system, a man goes to get a certificate for something, he is exploited there too, it has nothing to do with astrology, there is fraud everywhere. Then we said another big thing, third.  The thing that is wrong with them is that they described astrology as a prediction business and also showed all the clips. Look, this ridiculous thing is being done by the TV channels and the society that the devil predicts the cricket match.  Astrology doesn't work in me brother, how many of you will get whose horoscope, 11 players out of 11 players, take the sun today, this is coming from the same astrologer's mouth, wherever competition is involved, it cannot be predicted whether your exam will pass or not, that is why it cannot be told because.  Exam is a competition. There are lakhs of people appearing for the competition. Are the horoscopes of lakhs of people being checked?  Only you are being checked, your yoga is good, your horoscope is good, it is strong, but if 100 more people pass than you, in which 3 lakh people are sitting, then brother, if you are not selected among 105, then can I make nine predictions?  I am talking about logic, here people are predicting India that India will win, is India a man or not, when was India born, India was born on 15 August 1947.  12:00 O'clock Oh fool, India has existed for many years, the British gave freedom to 100 people and that concept came and this came, then India means India did not exist before that, India also became the date of birth. You took India's predictions because look, this is how astrology was when it was created, there was a lot of pressure when the scripture was written, there was no stock market, it is not for the stock market, it belongs to that.  These are from Dhruv Rathi ji. Hey, this astrologer is so good, he can make so many predictions in the stock market, brother, no one can inspire you in the stock market. Those who are experts in the stock market, they cannot do astrology for a living. How did you make it so high that it is a living thing which has consciousness? You will predict to the cat and dog that their coronavirus will go away, this will go away. You have made all these idiots, so you have made so many idiots out of them.  Show the example, whatever percentage of astrologers they are, they are also bringing bed name, you don't do astrology day, if I am low, there is a lot of corruption in police, in some state police, in country police, either that placement, you are bringing bed name.  Naam tu yes puri par that mechanism of the police, the system, the difference, the retirement, is it bad, the question is, this is what we have to do, neither are we people, we are bringing band name.  You are there familis there are people who bring bad name you are there country yes late now what to do and sometimes they become too much and yes there are many professions where the name is bad I am not giving because there is a stereo typing  Rakhi Hai, the whole system has been made like this, but do not make it a prediction business. What is astrology? Showing the light of God, showing the right thing, showing direction. Prediction is just a small part of it. If  If your prediction is made then this is my week life because if you tell me if you drink and drive at night then you will have an accident then you need a big astrologer you drink and drive every day, drink and drive every day, sorry every day and drive at night  If we move fast then brother, there is no need of an astrologer in this, nor can many things be told just like that, nor does it work, nor have you made predictions and shown them in such a way that it is the matter department that makes your predictions.  Many a times he used to say that it will rain, it will not happen, it would not happen, then what if he also fasts because of the metallurgical sciences and everything based on physics, then why do they call him an idiot? He does n't do it because when that cyclone comes and Orissa Post.  Have come when in 1998 99 10000 people would have been killed but in which 22 23 you gather prediction ability platform in 2020 Only among 50-60 people, it means you end up in loss where there used to be 100 times more loss because if astrologers know then why are you chasing money, why are you so much, become rich in the stock market, let this happen with you. Nothing bad should happen. Hey brother, astrology is not meant to save us from bad things. You tell me, can no arrest be made in a lawyer's house, can no one do wrong to a policeman, can any goon do anything wrong in a doctor's house?  Any  Ca n't the child of a highly respected teacher or professor get infected? Can all these things happen? Ca n't a very cultured home where no one ever did anything wrong suddenly cause a child to get ruined and do something wrong?  Can't do, can't do, then when he can do all these things, then there will be trouble in the astrologer's house too, he is also a human being, otherwise why don't you stop yours, you make claims of others, Han, that is wrong, making claims of others.  It is wrong to do astrology this  Made for Intelligent People does not say that do not do karma, the astrologer does not say that I am just telling anyone, I am not even an astrologer, but if you take their clips and show them like this, then the whole system will end, there is a free will there.  This is something called which is your chart, next I will take the point which is your mistake which is wrong Horoscope Knowledge John told and I will tell about his examples Western examples among them Tell those who saw in your video that there was a lady in the western exam, she used to do this and she wrote an article that she was an astrologer like this, I used to tell anything to anyone and this brother, because of her doing everything went wrong.  Did everything go wrong because of that? I am telling you the examples of Horoscope that you are taking. You don't know what is the Sun sign, what is the Moon sign and what is dedication. If someone in your team,  If you had talked to the astrologer for 15 minutes, perhaps a better video would have come, a very balanced video would have come, it is very easy, whatever Water India has created, Sanjay, it is very easy to do, that thing suits many people and it is our people only. Sucking is very easy because I keep saying it again and again, it is difficult to explain, it is easy to seduce, it is easy to entertain, the video is only half done, there is still a lot of thought, topper and fun and cool things left, please watch the whole thing.  If you have less patience, then brother, try increasing the speed a little, but please see and explain to the people, otherwise it will continue like this, they say that there should be a separation of two days, if I have become horoscope like this, then the sun sign is or two.  Lagan changes within an hour. Prediction is based on Lagan. Your Western Astrology of Vedic Astrology is from where you have taken the knowledge while sitting outside. If you are sitting outside then that Western Astrology is not even 5% from there.  It is Indian Vedic Astrology. If you make a video on its basis then it will be like this video. Lagana changes within two hours. Within two hours we do not speak again. The star affects like this. How does it affect like this? He has said, Noble.  The price seller said, this one said, take the sun of scientific science, scientist, I am also a student of science, I am a student of arts to you, I too have studied science, the biggest thing in science.  New things are opened to you, the real scientist says that I am ready to reduce my 50 years of study to zero if I don't get the information or I will do it because it has been prepared according to the video which is Sudo. Intellectually, this is all nonsense brother, I want to say this thing with love and humility to everyone and you also apply this thing in your life, it is not necessary that you do not understand everything, it is wrong again.  Tell me, if you do not understand everything in every life, it is not necessary that it is wrong. A = mc². So Einstein had just told us that it cannot be destroyed long before that. He was talking about energy only. Tell them different names and they are understood. What does modern science do? By doing Split Personality Disorder, Shankar, we have kept their names separate. People say that they went on a march, you talk about planets, you talk about planets, then hey, I will tell you the story.  He had time to learn from people, so he was taught through various mediums in India, I will come to him on things too, give him your information in a second, it was made so simple because when what is your life?  When you are a teenager, you have to tell such things, but when you gain a little experience in life, age increases, you look at life more, then you understand, why am I having pain in this, I am having pain because of this.  is because Actually tell the truth, Astrology is not limited to the waist, it is not made anyway, that is why whenever astrologers of any kind learn Astrology, they say, brother, do not tell the world, this is for the one who has to understand, who is a believer, who will come and who will understand. So if everyone gets equal knowledge for all this, then no one has any advantage, you have to be an unknown person when you are a scientist and Astrologers are like astrologers do not say that I know everything, I make all predictions, I am the end all and be all. Well, that too is by learning, he is understanding his energy, he is seeing the patterns, something is going on according to him like.  I am a scientist and you know that earlier there was something like this in chemistry, there was discussion about the atom, then it went on for many days, then many models came, then some model came, all that science too, every 30 years.  Changes keep happening in 40-50 years, earlier she used to say it is ok, then she doesn't say it, now it is not ok, then it is not ok, it is desi ghee, it is bad for the heart, eat this refined oil, eat all these things and a lot of them.  The one who knew what was good for my body did not listen to the story in it and you go and science makes you vomit, it is not only desi gay but it is very good because actually it contains this chemical, so be it.  It becomes like this, the whole world will change its film. Earlier you used to say that you do this, it is charcoal, now you say that there is charcoal in my toothpaste, 30 years ago you used to say like this, now you say that we have put charcoal in it, you will change the story. So Be Open Tweet Don't Rejected Like I told like examples, they gave the example of twins, the example of twins is a very lovely example of ours.  According to Sanatan Dharma, we have told the theory of Rakhi, Karmic theory of Rakhi, we have told that the story of birth and birth continues, praying on a date is the same thing that brother twins are born by having a chat, they are born with everything but they are also battered.  Was involved in it, so to understand it, can these things be explained in a video in 5 minutes, in 10 minutes because this is what it means, minus 10 lakh is born, plus 5 lakh is born.  So his story will play out differently otherwise it is a perfect example, so its example was very perfect and then that example of saying that he gives a cold statement, if he had killed then brother, then perhaps you have not gone near it by storing it in some way. In astrology, your wife puts the left slipper over the right slipper when she goes to bed to sleep. I feel sad to hear this, predictions are dependent.  Now who all has collided with you in front of you, now all the people have collided with the doctor, then you have called medical science useless, 100 people have collided with you and you have called them and washed them off, then this one was a wrong example. According to me, the fifth one, I will tell you that  They make fun of those who consider me a mistake, I gave them a personal speaker, I gave them some names, okay, I want to tell them that who is doing what at any time, like Elder Belonging, you are the one who has opened the community big. Don't mention their names friend because if you tell like this then I am feeling very uncomfortable in speaking but people will also speak against you because leave the country, give up the country, Bharti, marry someone because this is the train running India.  Today, what should the average boy of India say that the Indian girl is useless, the Indian girl is saying that the boys are useless, half of the people are saying that the country is useless, so what is the best solution, leave the country and marry someone else. pick up whatever is here We are sitting with him, go and do your commentary on him, it can be said like this, I am not speaking, but it can be said like this because you also spoke on someone, although they are not saying, no, I am not his fan, no, I am his defender.  I don't want to be his Chaudhary, I am against you like this, personal community, that little friendship, one has to keep his friendship too, so I am giving a bitter advice that next time you make a video, do a little more research.  In the Do and Believe system, you should not do both the things. I would also like to keep it according to the last example. I would like to tell you people who have watched the video till now, there is adulteration in the milk, there is adulteration in the milk, all the confectioners are thieves, all the confectioners are thieves, so stop eating sweets 360  Degree Perspective Like I would like to tell you who have watched the video till now 21 videos have been added to my platinum membership on Astrology please take platinum membership 21 Watch the video in 21 days and analyze your chart yourself. I am telling you here that you should make sweets yourself, go to the buffalo itself, the milk will come out on its own, you can make sweets by churning the milk, now there is no problem in making it.  See it once, if you do n't have to work so hard, then learn it, then it is very easy, it is very easy, don't tell me brother, you should try it once and those who also download an app, one of them is my video of two and a half hours.  is inserted  77 Let him watch the video, now you will say, brother, give him the video for free, this is the problem, it is not for everyone, brother, the basic thing that I have come here, I do not believe, this is a very good thing, God bless you, you never need astrology.  Do not believe in astrology because when that situation comes, that situation will not be so easy and good in life, so download that app and you will see a video of Astrology Hour. No one puts a two and a half hour video on YouTube, no one watches it, everyone knows that it is a two and a half hour video, it takes a lot of effort for people to watch even a 25 minute video. Surely Rathi ji has a 25 minute video, I also made this video in response, how do you like it?  Did you like the video? Because of your comment, India has become a fashion. What is it, think of it as Indian, we are not brother, we can get confused, this is a superstition, hang it and send clippings to them too, now let me make them theirs, where the doctors are.  If something is wrong, if genuine is taken then people's faith in medical science will increase. It will be a good thing. In India, every day, how many people die due to medical negligence or because of quaex. If everyone's clippings are shared, then what program do we have to restore faith in medical science?  Stopping Mal Practice: Yes, there is no qualification to become an astrologer in astrology. Any person can become an astrologer by reading anything and interpreting anything, he does not know the reason for the example. Actually, I will make four predictions for you and I will tell you when will you get married, when will I get married [music] when will it happen, that is, how can you do it tomorrow, throw tantrums with someone, when the tantrums are over, you will be left with dimples tomorrow.  Educated and cultured girl who will keep up with your mother and also knows how to cook. If there is such a demanding program with you then you will meet 10 of these seven-eight women. You will meet for a month. Your marriage will never end. How is my marriage?  Will it work? A woman asks how will my daughter's marriage work? She is very beautiful, normal or less than normal, doesn't know how to cook, doesn't know how to cook, does a job, doesn't get paid by committee, tell me these four things, I have made it for all of you, how will the marriage work, tell me these things, Astrology.  Astrology is not for you, you fix things internally, not in the external world. No man comes to fix things like this. I do n't have anyone till date.  Brother, I am a father to my wife every day. I am a very dirty husband. Please correct me. Why do I do this? Please look at my chart and tell me. There are definitely signs that the husband does it, but who does the husband's treatment? Who needs the treatment and where does the wife go? Astrologers, who are real astrologers, do Jalebi, you speak only bubbly, ask, change your thought process, your life will change, do your work, he does not say, come and fix it.  Now the daughter-in-law's horoscope will be taken with a sigh and she will say, "Daughter-in-law, please fix it, you can do it as per our wish, now tell me, if you are ready to pay even the money, then there are many astrologers sitting in the market who are ready to fix all the matches."  Are you ready? Can that happen? Can you do someone else's match fixing like this? The thought process can be done only by those who want to change their own. When a small thing is told to the Sun, wake up in the morning and drink water at this time.  Give me Sain, your week will be like this, it is kilometers away, it is crores of kilometers away, what nonsense is this, is it scientific, is this, hey brother, there is discipline in his life, it is the government, he has bad discipline, you will take water to Sain at one time.  Will give a ritual to his thought process, waking up in the morning will fill him with energy, wake up in the morning, if he does this thing for two months, then automatically there will be a display in his life, due to which there will be many benefits.  But what are the astrologers who have taught them in the right way or the verses which have been read in the right way, analyze them, work hard, whatever they say, they know the science behind it, they know the logic, so they can explain the logic further.  You can become popular or you can satisfy the next person, like the good doctors know that I am giving this medicine, this is this disease, there will be chemical here, it will be like this, it will be cured like this and same times, now the new doctors.  Doctor from Ponga, go, it is better to even speak, this is the medicine for BP and the dosage is like this, he took it at night, but now that patient has come, the one with BP, but he also has diabetes, now he has given the medicine, just like that, the BP patient is suffering from the same thinking.  This medicine, oh brother, something else goes wrong with diabetes, something else happens with the heart, if there is arthritis, there is something else, only then a good doctor is needed, that strength, all this is all what can go.  Round before recommend something, then you will go away, when will I get a job? Hey, if you want this job and you have less brains and you will be persistent, then it will not take 15 years, but if you want to get a job here, then you want to do it for Rs. 40000.  It will happen tomorrow itself, it will happen tomorrow itself, now we will say in this, how will we predict? Hey, how can we predict the stupidity of the human mind? Can I predict that you will do it now?  You are stupid and you will remain stupid or you will become intelligent, you can be taken towards becoming intelligent, you can be given arguments, you can be given knowledge, you can be given a mentor shift, you can be helped in opening the notes in your thought process. Help can be given but if they will do it then it is you who has to do it. The doctor has given you the medicine so it is up to you to eat. Now the doctor tells an alcoholic whose liver is getting affected that brother, don't drink alcohol and this one.  There is medicine, now what to do? I will drink alcohol, I will eat medicine, but your medicine has not reduced. Hey brother, have you given me some alcohol? If you don't give up the medicine, medicine will not reduce it. Now if the medicine is not reducing, then medical science spread it is not this date for time.  Saying Astrology Beautiful I'll Summarize It and Finish It in Minutes Nine Astrology Works Beautiful But Every Badi is Not Distinct and Deserve to Get  Benefited from it because of the thought process is not at the level, it is okay in every wrestler's house a child can be born to a wrestler, not every person who is a dietitian can have a healthy family, not every person can follow that thing even with his life because It is difficult, I will soon have a video on meditation that meditation and meditating are also scams, I will also break the lip system, but I do not get personal in breaking the believe system.  He does n't trash anything to those who follow him. I can say that you are not like this. Let astrology help you. You are not like this. Every person deserves an astrologer. The kind of man he himself is.  Will collide because it is I repeat Astrology is for highly intelligent people who understand things. There is a huge field of 218 acres, so much gold is buried somewhere in it. Okay and you  Destiny is working hard to dig, and there is an astrologer, he says, brother, look at him in the corner, that's all, it means the thief is running away, the police is coming behind, doing like this and an astrologer is standing like this and there are three roads here.  She is going to catch estrogen, it is up to him to drive the policeman away, he has to drive her away with speed, but after saving him from two directions where he was not a thief, he told here that now there are chances for him to get success in things.  If the policeman is very fat-bellied and if the thief is very fit, then nothing will happen even after telling, then he will come and say that you told me wrong, I was not found here, I was not found here, if you did not tell me, then it was right, I found you, that is why you have a big belly.  There is no fat belly, thoughts are the same, I am saying this, very same, very similar, you comment, Same actual science by students, if you are a scientist, if you believe in science, you will be open to all possibilities.  300 years ago this light gets lit by electricity and this light comes, if this had happened then people would have said God, if today we hold this meeting, record it on YouTube and record it and do these live meetings, it happens on the room.  Technology goes 15 20 years ago, no one could have dreamed that such meetings would happen. 20 25 30 years ago, before the advent of the internet, no one could have even imagined that you will be alive.  Is it possible Astrology Blockchain Technology Marriage Institution Question Ho People are practicing their religion Are they less tolerant Intruders do this in the name of releasing Question these actions Don't question releasing Don't question things so much You know Attack of times of different people Everyone is different, ask questions here, there is no one, now I, I, what, a lot  I keep typing astrologer, I don't feel like seeing or speaking, I don't understand, so don't use stereoty, I don't wear anything, I also know astrology, so what happens when I type this, so this is your app, a two and a half hour long video, please go, click on it and  Brother, if you don't understand then there will be a loss of 77 [Music] [Music] There is an option of five each, whatever arguments you feel against it, write in the comment section, write a lot, do not personalize.  In my opinion, personalizing becomes very bad because like they have taken some names that you have put Rani Mukherjee's name in the name, you have done this, you have also avoided I think I am an elder, I am telling with a lot of clues. Doing date, what is someone doing in his life? Have you checked and cross-checked? If not acting, then an actor earns more money than acting. Why are there so many actors, they don't have any acting.  They don't come and earn a lot of money. Who said that only by doing good acting, your life will be better? He is a great actor, he has been doing well for many years and there are many great actors, those OTPs are getting pushed from here to there. I am asking you the question. Who said that acting is good in life? Or who said that it is good in life? I am in your mind. You also know the examples of very good actors, they are great actors and they go to their last days and  It is not so easy to say that if you fall into poverty even if you don't have money, please check. If you don't have doubt, I am very clear. I have my own belief system. I sleep with two crushes every day. I do mine and then I do it for myself, and then I do it for the world. India.  People do astrology in India, all the astrologers are useless, this one is that one brother, there are many useless ones, you are talking right, as in many different professions also fools are made and fools of bevkufon.  If it is made then why should anyone fool us into saying this? Whatever you say, don't eat anything made from milk because water has been mixed in the milk to get the milk, the milk itself is bad, the sweets are bad, all the sweet people are like this, all the food is like this.  If you learn to make something like this yourself, then this is what I am saying - I should learn astrology on every big message. Learn astrology yourself. Astrology is an open invitation. Take platinum membership. There are 21 videos in the play list. There are 21 videos.  People watch it in 21 days. Total content is 10-12 hours. It is equivalent to a web series. The cost is not much. No, you go and watch it. It changes your life. Clapping it, otherwise tell me why is this happening to me and I am like this.  Why do I think till date, which science explains why Rasgulla is your favorite and when it comes in front, that youthful love comes from within you? Tell which science? These questions are found in all the astrology. A man misbehaves with a woman, what is the trait in him, what is the science of doing this, what will he not say, his condensation is there, he will be at the bottom in social strata, such are the chances, why are very rich people very  Cultured people, people with a lot of suits, they also do stupid things, they see all this in the things that are going on inside you, the patterns that are your destiny, they see everything about you, now they are wrong.  If a thing is told to you, you control it, keep it in your mind, keep it in the subconscious, understand it, get guided, then by doing that action you become a child and you reduce the strength you have in your life and  If you don't know, if you don't work, then brother would have reduced you by coming, what is there in that, friend of astrology, and what if you do n't control yourself, you do n't have control over yourself, what is the reason for that, that too will be told and  how to control it That advice will also be given but it is in your hands because the percentage of destiny and free will works, no one is working on 100% destiny and no one can work on 100% free will, the ratio of both works 50-50.  37. Those who have very strong personalities have 70% free will in their life. 70% they can do what their man does, 30% they still do it to him.  In many cases, it becomes the opposite, can you increase yours, can you increase it, but can you increase it and take it to 100%, that thing is also seen in the chat and it can also be understood and explained.  If it is possible, then understand it once, see it and then don't try it, you can't do it like this, you will inform him right away, otherwise it is useless, this is an intolerant approach, isn't it, intolerant of pseudo-intellectuals?  Approach and respect Possibilities in life, this is what you do, other writing and all this by reducing that you are also there, they are also there, you are also there, mine is fine, mine is fine, open with D possibilities, explore it, eat it once, try disco, then tell me the taste.  If you don't like it, please tell me if you don't like it. I hope you all will understand and share. Thank you very much.