Hello friends, write your questions in the comment section and that is the topic of the video. Do you think Gurgaon real estate market is high and recommended? There are many such places where high market is seen. So today we will discuss about this, that this market is hybrid now.  It is very expensive and it has become expensive. Correction will come. Brother, don't buy it now. Tell it now. Many people are saying it is okay. People were telling it. People were telling it is BRT. BRT Syndrome. Vande was telling it is okay.  So in this video, many people travel, it is okay to say that they stay in the appointment, the appointment of the Sangh and their Ghungroos, so if you discuss about it, then first of all we go to Dau, any thing, that thing has an under line base line.  So it should be, can you hype a child of eighty percent and present the 1950 at five percent marks, gave it a little bit of 1015 trainer or f-35 at 33 percent Cent percent number comes, you can't type it till 30, so the answer is no, there is a base line to increase the height, check for example, my glass is so big, so I poured this much milk and the rest I swirled it and it foamed Cold Coffee  Recruitment So this iPad milk was so much This is this Is this I can fill such a big glass from this far This is this I can do this so high I can get notifications So what happens Whenever a bullish market happens, it becomes forward-looking So what  There are some fundamentals of Happening, it runs up, advocating now it happens, so it is a little technical, like if you look inside the share market, then the good news discount thing would have been looted, then that This Happening in Real Estate is the builder 's goods for the bank.  If it is being sold at a certain rate then it will be made at that rate and will not be sold. Vikrant will reduce the price. Now people are saying that this will be a price collection, so first of all no black money in this, no driving this.  Price in Gurgaon Most of the play list Play Store in to-do list Here color of money is white White money comes from people You are in white color Job is a government employee in emergency This money seems to be that of taking many loans Money is a solid money and the bank will give the money. The bank will also do the valuation. If the bank does not believe that the property is worth one crore then the bank will give 80 lakhs to the bank. Is it possible that I will also put it together because that is the second one.  There is no component, brothers, the correction you are seeing or feeling here, it seems that it is inside the plots of your Sushant Lok DLF Phase, it had happened on so many thousands of ghazals there, the matter is falling in the planets.  Builder floors which are low rise like flights, which are products nowadays, nothing like this is happening in Ranger Inn, if you do Samudra parts valuation by doing X+YZ+Z+plus by some other then the nearest adjacent side Ask about the rate of the plot, how much is it, if you return here then you have the courage to subscribe and it will be built in two years, then you will get the subscription, if it is less in that rate, then you have juice, if you have too much, then it is bad and that much. Now many people ask me, all the builders are making the heap worth it by making it like this, if they make slots on this side then the grind increases, if you send the wheat to the village farm.  If you give it then you will be called in front of you, but when its flour is made, you become just a grocery type, and then the one who makes bags from the flour and sells it, when the value chain goes up, then he becomes a complete person and the one who makes pizza from his flour.  That Domino's Pizza goes away, so as you go up and down, the money is more and less, so those who are in the top quintal, do not do brand image making and crores of products of religious parties and  Subscribe and if you make it, it costs Rs 25, but they are making it in a mask, it costs Rs 300,450, it costs them Rs 1,718, so they get 70 profit. They have land, they have land, so they extract juice, whatever they extract, that too.  Let's calculate the profit. Okay, so here you have to see his profit. You can see what will happen if I buy length and take a member. And from above  I ca n't do this boundary wall, I will build the house in one go, then the neighbor will build it in 4 years, the person behind will build it in 5 years, still the plots located in HUDA sectors worth Rs. 20 to 25 crores are vacant, DLF Phase-1, then take out the Sutak.  The investments that have not been made yet are those that people would have left after earning 10-15%, those who live on rent at 5 to 10 to 15000 rupees, that is the program that is in place now.  At many places, you people should understand that it is not there yet, Putin becomes high, the day there is not even a single negative person left to speak, as long as this is hype, people are going to speak in this lot of safety, whenever anyone says anything.  He will not say, it will happen only on that day, on which day, every now and then, I tell you one more thing, if builders are not a good thing, it is a very good thing to understand, this is also a very good information, watch the video till the end, what did you used to have old tension earlier?  2560 land was transferred to the builders and no one in between called it investor, they did not even say censor, they used to say investor, still it seems that they used to say long-term pregnancy, it was a party of two months, just invested the money, it is 12 light.  If you picked up the acne seeds but if you picked it up from here, then 10-12 people picked up the fennel light. Now the person who wants to take the bill is not taking it from Pluto Builder, first read it with them and this.  ₹ 100 ₹ 10 ₹ 300 feet are sold in profit, their returns on investment are very high and they used to roam a lot like this, so when this was happening so much, it was the next market, what did the builder do these days?  The system was abolished and the builder said that today builders say that you cannot play this 2500 in China, so I will give my base, like if there is a new product, then in the new project, many people tell like us before telling it to the public.  That is, before telling how much we have to pay to buy one, we have to pay something like Rs. 2 lakhs, 2.5 lakhs Shimla. Okay, see, do it in your name for 10 minutes and then say brother, tell me if you want it, ideally this would be the case.  Earlier, but you Bhinder says that this is the dynasty, you will have to give Aadhaar and PAN and if you take this unit then it will be taken on this basis, if it is cancelled, then it is not like this, now if you are Ram, then it will be given to you in the evening.  I Kept the handkerchief, now this brother is taking it, I earned ₹ 100 profit from it and said that first I should go home, not only this provision will be canceled and it will go back to the market and after one stage, if money is also invested in it, then those people  Can't play games and transfer will happen only after twenty five percent or 50% and 1615 and also put the payment time, how much time is it and paste the money so that like this We know that friends will now bring us the investment to increase this fan, so our second phase is also in the middle, if only the inverter is stuck in the first page, Sara has come to Greater Noida, select Gurgaon for cooking, Ramsingh  Gurjar Shetty Margin You understand hey guys sitting outside I am saying this you all jump and join the market by chanting my destruction to the tanker and rate  Look, I say on the window, open your diary, consider me as your family, you keep saying your formula, which is your mantra, your hide is now hybrid, everyone is a thief, everyone is a thief, they have created a ruckus, they have heard it here, everything is nonsense.  Everything is nonsense, keep thinking like this and keep listening to whatever input is given, then in a few days you will start understanding, what is there to do, girl, it is very easy to hit 1 comment and buy grapes for Vaastu.  It was a bitter rumor that you wanted to get something by selling it and you stopped monitoring and killing and then you did this and in the story of Believe you never saw that even today, even today, he owns properties and Dwarka Expressway, he is an average man that he has so much money.  It is equal to one year's salary. I have seen this thing that it is very important. If she is coming in the figure of five to six years, on the contrary, the salary is now in my favor. I will make it in London, UK. 13 14  It's been a year that no one is able to buy it. After 14 years of salary, what is happening now? I feel scared while talking about the gift of juice. Nowadays, is friendship status okay? The one whose affordable housing is the hero, his desire is to buy Deendayal's plot.  The one whose friends status is of Deendayal actually has desires for this person above and the one who has that status has the desires for the same, this should also be from natural things.  But it is fat that if there is a desire and status, then it is a mismatch and momentarily you have given below and social status, fan style but Akshar Naukri and this is your, so it is a mismatch, but there is a thought, what happens every time.  I will also explain by talking about the human and marriage market, I will explain different practice things and you will have to watch the video till the end to understand and I will tell you by writing your comments in the comment section at the end of this video. Agree with you on this side there is Disagree, now write it in the kernel, one line wire Disagree, I look for it in Agree, to give bribe, I found you, there can be one line of one degree in Agree to Disagree, so like we, what do we do if  I think that if you are an officer in the government, then in your mind, if you are an officer today, then marriage does not happen the next day, it takes some time, okay, then what happens if you flop sir, those who are interested in you, their wives.  Let's see and let's see at what level marriages take place. In that way, you have only one thought in your mind that I should also get married to such a person, she will not go there, for some reason there is a lot of difficulty in getting married.  This is happening practically because today girls have aspirations regarding jobs. If your job is such that it will not give you ticket in any city and will take you to small towns of India, then you can have a woman of the same level as you have seen in your career.  I thought in my mind that you  They should marry, they should not, and now you feel very sure going down, look, everyone gets married, there are 50, 60 crore women, 500 crore men, this means that we are a big country, there is no one who will not be able to do what he wants to do, and the same thing.  It is happening in the property, I am explaining it very well, you feel proud when you feel your desires, and here I am not done yet, when it will start happening, and one I will tell, I have a temperature thermometer. Tell me a view of cold coffee, a little goes away, a little always remains, whenever you pour away the milky, a little calm, without Gomez, a little remains, but that is that is always amazing. Bring your own petrol. Do anything by folding the bag, buy anything by doing it, diet thing will always be true things with and how did you like this video, you will definitely tell me, share it, like it and now that When you keep watching and listening to the rates then you will know that the market will be so interactive and it will be according to the calculation, ok thank you.