Hello friends, today's topic has come, its name is Income Tax Return and in the second part I will cover what is Tuesday Advisor or Expert, so before starting I would like to say in the video that subscribe the channel if you are watching ahead.  Share it and like it. My previous video is a lot and I forgot to say this. I got carried away in it and forgot to say the basic thing which is done on YouTube, so this video.  This realization is in the mystique itself that the leaders even forget to add the income tax return. The last date for filing the income tax return is coming. There are still a few days left to file the income tax return. I have noticed that many people are not able to file it themselves.  He makes someone Bigg Boss and when you talk to him or even his own devotees, they say, let him pay, he is charging ₹ 3000, the going rate is Rs 1000-3000, who will waste his time? This time is not special, it is equal to having a utensil, a broom is not equal to mopping, filing income tax return, you get two benefits in filing the return, I will tell you about them later, before that, I will tell you that there is a little mistake in it-  Selling Question Things are happening, a little typing is happening, all the OTP number of the person you have absorbed, everything goes to him, the password is with him, all your tension details go to him, which will not go in forward.  Given very good things to do, one of the flaws is that you become different from life on that and if he dies for you, then it is an incident, respect is up to the second station, people think that if someone is giving you Irfan, then you are doing a big favor. And they ask for money, ten percent, fifteen percent commission, if your report is made for Rs. 50,000, then we will take 15,000, 10,000, 7,000 and  People also give happily and we don't know whether the government is giving it to us or the government is not stupid. Whatever is yours, you will get it even if you make your own returns. The system automatically calculates it. There is no need to give money to anyone. No, you must be just one person who has given the details to his employer at the time of sixteen or the details of your home loan must have been given in the section.  Whatever happens to STD, your medical insurance provider might not have given it, the dependent person might not have given anything, then there would have been some small things like this which would have made it a big deal, you can also make it your own, if there is a delay in cigarette education, then this is the chartered  Accountants and behind all this we go to the normal salaried class, the business people are going to the company's cricketers, the ITR want to people are going to this note required really medicine. Fight Wave Department ITR-1 is fine within 5 minutes to fill, this back is simple and ITR-2 is also very simple which has set forward work, Dubai properties etc., it is related to financial and financial matters and it is so easy, otherwise you can do it repeatedly.  -Once you download it, you will fill it, it will write the mistake automatically, correct it, then show it again, set it, it gets filled in 15-20 minutes, accept the upload, it is a very easy method. You should try it yourself. Benefit Return: You will go last and will panic. If you are not able to do so, they will only roam in the middle rounds. You will award them, this will give you two benefits. The first benefit will be that you will learn the answer to how money works and fill your return.  You will get relief, I can save the last test, your understanding will increase, you will definitely show this video to your children who are above 17-18 years of age, get them your PAN.  As soon as the children turn 18, there is a Money Minded Series. My 10 videos and how it works, in that I explain things in a better way. You will also see that Money Minded Series. Readers, you guys have a lesson on your own and I will take an example and tell you while buying a car.  ₹ 1500000, road tax and restaurant registration are added to it and it becomes ₹ 17 lakh, so is it a car worth ₹ 17 lakh? You will have an idea when you get the income tax return. Which is not a car worth 17 lakhs, you have earned 24 lakh rupees and the son of a car worth 17 lakhs has typed 7 lakhs and gone away, you have given 24 lakhs of your earned money in the box and you have to buy something worth 17 lakhs, the girl wrote.  In which reply you will text Nagaur and Tonk, has road tax gone so much, has GST gone on insurance, your registration also goes to the government, trading and tables were installed with the central government. Government is government, after that the product which was of car manufacturer was also looking tasty, so you will give 24 lakh rupees and earn 12 lakh rupees and you will get 12 lakh rupees. You should know this and you will get relief as to how many cars should you buy?  It is not said that do not buy a car, everyone buys a car, earns medical treatment in hospitals and how much does he get, then your mind moves, this will give you relief when you file your IT returns that  Doing a government job is no longer certificate invoice forward, you get money by cutting a text and get ₹ 100, sixty is that he is gone, the rest is the answer to buy things on Chhath Parb, then you have to pay tax, you have to pay the man who stops at Interpress, at a lot of discount on that.  The format is that he earns less, shows all the expenses, a lot of them, after that he has profit, it is typed that if he is a common man or a government employee, the government would deduct him first.  And it is available in Chitrakoot, is n't it also Chatka Chatka, this type and Khilafat recipe, typing is fine in life, so this was the thing that I will tell you about income tax, now I want to tell you how to choose export or advisor, okay  Stay till the end, I will give you a very good bonus condition in this. I am an expert. Nowadays, many people are giving a lot of advice to those who want to become a sales tax point on their YouTube channel. I am also one of them, it is okay and in life also you will bump into someone.  For  There will be a lot of assistants around you on everything. Exports are fine. Okay, so strange. Okay, so identifying is the next point. How much level of expert have you become by taking the entrance exam of IIT. Okay, book in one hand, if you are a stock market expert.  We will check whether he is doing a job or is he away from his family, then you are working in the market, he should have become a great export vote icon, then why is he staying away from his family and doing a government job? I am your opinion.  And in your actions, you should see that he is an exporter on some secrets, so this shoulder is my girlfriends, so take his advice, he has done something in his life, he has become successful by doing that, that is a different thing and success too, he has to take it from below, in which  That device that he shows in his backwardness like Sharif and his behavior, first of all he will be an expert in one thing and the other, with whom you will connect, he will empower you there, he will teach you like  If you comment to me, if you talk about IT returns, I will teach you the compensation, I will take your ₹ 2000 and I will teach you how to make it for free, I am here, this is my cream for pension empowerment, I have to do candy crush liter spritz because a happy  If this channel support for life is not a happy family, then in my Avinash, I return to you people who are filling so many of them that we should also reduce them, I am not a Begum, ok.  There should be some certification in this, these people keep it so forward, it is a very easy thing, even mothers and sisters can learn it, even children can learn it, it is a very easy thing, so who is the expert who gives you end power and velvet in your life?  It shows that he has no fear that I have become a record holder in this thing this year and if I tell you things, then my expertise will not be equal, but what I have taken by spreading 10,000 hours and diverting attention.  It is not going to be done in 10 minutes but you can teach it next Monday also so that it is a little thing, if you do it yourself, then this is the biggest contact. What is the use of other experts, but how will you do this in experts when there is a world of Dwarka Expressway in the booths. I say that I am the biggest, okay, then how will you check this method of checking? Yes, come on something, I say that it is a product, then put four chords missions on it, put three big social missions.  Okay, you take your existence and the one who brings out the richest among them. Okay, bring another friend who understands this and watch something together and show three officers' missions on it. First porn and hundred fifty fifty's.  It holds the power, secondly there is a special fee, okay, thirdly, you remove the sixty keys, okay, tell me, then an expert is called an expert and I am that if I am an export, which I am, then I am okay.  If you take this 16th level then I will correct you, I will tell you more observations, so I am at level 70, I am holding a meeting on your behalf, I am at level 70, I will tell you what you have forgotten, and when I tell you, then tell me, see, then you  She also tells you, look, this is our soul, after telling about your body, after telling about 70, I will tell you the contact of 19011, that after having all three, now this one also destroys, even then you  Export is called when you do it not only for observation, when you clear oppositions, when you tell him that your objection is a bigger objection than him, sometimes you are the master of the subject, you have forgotten this, so now bring forward in such a topic.  I will remain interesting, I will tell you things and I will tell you things from both the sides, only then the conference comes out from within you that yes, I told you this thing, this counter thing is bigger than this.  Told but still get this thing then a total picture life is not black and white it is grade decision making is not easy all the people who have reached the top and get so much salary have to take decision-making black and white  And in white, if anyone takes a decision, then export helps you in this thing that when the things are coming to you at the counter, it is not a complete charity, when you will get complete clarity yourself.  It will be decided if everything is understood then the price will be in a day. It is the work of the expert whereas the letter is to show you things clearly. Solid you make money. My mind is like this. I will request it again. For video number three, it is enough for him to do all this slowly. Commented on the earth has started growing, understand it, I have told this thing very carat it, now and make ownership will give, you people get a lot of questions, admin people will get from district, you take home loan.  If you are, then this Om wale is a boxer, he will leave that if you take a loan of one crore then it will be forgiven, you don't have to take it, why don't you take it, because you took the loan and also the interest in percentage is going down due to thanks to Anukal, one and a half.  If it turns 5 and a half in 2-3 years, then when you take its insurance, then when you launch the title, you will cut a plate of it for ₹ 5, that will be in the water, should you take term insurance?  In its place, term insurance can be said as the ultimate, what is our game or we have a loan on our heads, if something happens to our life, the money will go from somewhere, both of them will be hidden back, so what is the need to take it from them, we will mix it. If it happens that you will get Noni without insurance, it is mis-selling, its amendments are called that you have written it complete, when have you written it to RBI, where from the window of writing complete, Google it. Take, you have written a comment, no one can do this to you, so wake up customer, wake up, do term insurance for one and a half rupees and you have also understood that he took one of his at the age of 40 years, 35 years, 45 years and 750 rupees so that your thing works so that he  Who will have this thing here, like the loan you have changed, if all the money is to be used for the benefit of businessmen, then it has to be spent for 15 years also, you have to chart the money according to this year, you have taken the loan in two-three years.  You should change the one who is giving you one and a half percent less. Whenever you get interest in two-three years, then you have to change. Tell me how you liked the video. Please like and share. Thank you on.