Hello friends, a movie has come on Netflix, Jaan, let's do a little review of it, short review because recently I had a good one, there will be no spoilers, I will tell you in general, so de diffuse, invest your two and a half hour of life, that means we will give a little idea about it, so go on.  Gosht's movie is a very different movie, it is a good movie overall, let me tell you the result first, it is a little different, it is not that much of a thriller, it is very thrilling, but the character in it is Jaideep Ahlawat ji.  And Vijay Verma and Kareena Kapoor, Jaideep ji's acting is very very good, Vijay Verma is also refreshing, Kareena ji Lux, Kareena ji is only okay and but she has done a good job, but now I have come to know what acting is when  You don't look at these stars, FDI people look at Jaideep and Vijay, then the difference comes that the star artist is fine and then if they make the merit list then they come at the bottom, the star artist is nothing, it is not local shooting.  It has taken place in Kalimpong which is a place near Darjeeling. It has come out with a very good character in itself. It is not the place itself, it is a refreshing thing in the web series that I am observing in the platform that these locals are doing it. That is refreshing. Normally people have not shown anything there before, nor is the shooting good, nor is the place good. If you look at the place, you come out as a very good character of Jaideep Pahlad ji's get up, his face is made like that.  He is singing in a very different way, meaning till date you would not have seen him in this kind of role and Kareena ji does well in the acting piece. Overall, it is not like dance and I know one dance of hers.  So yes then it seems good yes you request Kareena ji in sir good one time watch movie and in an old world car with this movie the local actors who are there in the movie have been done very well, that is, like them you Not frontline actors  I mean, you may not know all their names, but as those characters emerge, it seems as if the people are from there and the film is very realistic, it is like it was shot there and the normal people are from the same place and the conversations are the same.  If you are doing it then it is a lot of fun and one thing credit white becamemus watches was that you cannot do the ending guest so normally what is the ending gas ho jati hai bada to so easy you cannot do the ending guest that okay this This is it, you are going and okay, so a time watch is being divided, you people will see, those who have seen it well, they can write in the comment without spoilers that how did you like it, then do tell, there is a very good learning in this movie. In between, I tell Avinash about the mental model which I fall into and the thing which is very less in investment and which is very important. What is that thing? Those who have watched the movie, then if they can write the lesson.  Without spoilers, it will be very good, you can watch this movie for a lesson because I found that dialogue to be a high point, so I will also watch some of the coming ones after 15, 20 days, 25 days, till the time those who watch this movie either  If you have seen it then I will discuss it in one of my videos that that learning was very good and it always happens in investment and in other things in life, it is a great learning which is Jaideep.  I also give a hint that I have to learn the character of Ahlawat ji, I have to learn the character of Jaideep ji, it is a very good learning, so definitely watch it, please write in the comment area. Thank you very much.