Hello friends, today a top secret is going to be revealed, the secret of marriage is ok, I am going to squeeze out the secret of making a marriage successful through stomach consultation, then I will go to Dada and this particular video, you can make it viral for the benefit of people and society.  It will be done, there is nothing exclusive in it, it is not that there is any benefit in being good to you, some of my videos are my own saying that don't spoil the hole, but in this one I am saying, share in the weddings which I am doing.  I am married, one of the things which are you, I would like to tell in counseling and medical counselling, I want to speak in English, people think that a Hindi speaking person, who marries completely, will kill me even after coming, marry two daughters, this is a girl, brother, this is what it means, right?  They are getting upset, their joot is playing and brother-in-law is fighting and days are on good terms, so I understood to persuade him a little salt, which is less first, Chhori will tell, Chhori will tell people friend. I want to set my audience so that it gets set, now my talks are such that anyone joins from bottom to top, left to right, everyone goes but inside, I want you to position me self, marriage, Read this mantra and it is true that in marriage there is retirement of one wife and there is retirement of one husband. If this retirement is met then the marriage will never get spoiled. Shakti unfortunately 99%  This does not happen in marriage and people do not even know about it but today you are going to know the secret so after this now you have to reduce the list on this. There is a difference between the retirement of a man and the retirement of a woman and they are called Acharya A. What does a man need, he just wants enjoyment of the body, this is nonsense, okay, he needs hunger, he can get it through hunger, even without marriage, okay, there is no need for him to get married, okay, listen carefully husband and  I am telling the wife again, I am taking some time, this is not a very big video, it will end in five-six minutes, the woman needs love from the husband, love, love, the woman needs love from the husband and the husband needs respect from the woman, wife this.  Not getting love and D mother, not getting respect  Has he ever stood in de sense, now his mother has heard his caste is Jaframshi program or speaks wrong things, makes wrong expectations, raises his mouth like this, lowers it like this, yes, listen to mom Neha, I am normal only one word Neha, I have to say a note Neha, no real life  I am like, okay, this is not all, it is with today, it is just giving an example, okay Neha, what are mom saying, tell me why don't you do it, you beat me when she left her house.  And the person on whom she has come to trust is the one who makes her stand in the court. Such a man will never get respect. Now he will never get respect because love seeker is providing security and also security from the world. You need to protect your wife from the rest of the society.  You have to take protection from everything, from your parents, I am telling husbands, first of all you have to protect yourself from your parents, from society and goons, everyone knows that.  They do but those lucky goons are not coming like that, things are going well in the houses, sometimes it can happen, hence the situation may happen, but every day inside the house, from where protection has to be done, only then I say, never take the house next door. Lo, definitely don't ask me to run next to you because either here or I do n't know, then Canada is good company on the sea, it's fine, so stay nearby, don't let the nonsense come to your wife, you bill start getting respect but what is the problem with women?  She gives respect initially but her husband does not deserve respect and she did not get love, now she does not get it. Society is changing. Earlier the government also used to give a lot of subsidy for everything. Gradually the government removed it because.  As the times will change, equality will come, normal logic will come, things will change, then the most important ingredient should be known in this, I am like husband and wife, you are watching my video today, sit and decide today, brother. You should respect me, you should love me and love should be a flower, not like this, the meaning of happiness is Lavani happiness, there is a saying of Haryana that happiness means like this from above, I love you, I love you, if you ever gave me a flower in a year, then I gave you a dress, I twisted it a little. That's it, I love you, I love you, no, real love, real love, my real concern is that yes friend, if you are not feeling well today, then sit quietly, I will do something, I will arrange something, anyway, I am not worthy of anything at all.  to make My mother taught me not to eat, because I was born a boy, not to do it, but don't worry I will get something healthy, not like Zomato will do it for you, I do something for you, this much should come when you do it, wife.  A person will feel loved only when he feels loved, only then will he get respect but what about people like I do in consultation that I did consultation with me today and see the consultation with me is normal, don't give too many pearls.  There is a fee, it means you will waste your time as well, I don't give discount, okay, I can give you a lot of free knowledge, don't take it in consultation now, this vitamin given by your friend through injection will be expensive otherwise it will cost you your sunshine 8:00  Stay in the sun from 9:00 PM to 9:00 PM and want injections but not giving money is wrong. Ok, that is wrong. Sir, I tell you the content as it is, even in consultation, but it becomes a bit narrow and a bit tailor made.  So what was told in that, I told my husband and gave me the Gali Guru mantra. My husband said, I want respect the next day itself. Hey brother, you have been supplying love for 6 months, 10 months to 6 years, you have kept me in a band for 10 years. If you open even a drop of the tap, my clothes will get dusty.  He is breaking in such a way that I have showered one drop of love and now the respect starts from here, this is what has happened to the children these days and they have no patience. Hey brother, first try for 6 months and see, let it be yours. Wife, this is the pattern, he will think that today he is doing this, I don't know what he wants, as he used to tell me, Acharya ji also wants the pleasure of his curd, then he will think like this, he is doing it here only today, so he is doing this continuously for 6 months.  You will have to change your personality for 10 months, 12 months and you will have to put genuineness in it. No one has seen it but you will be seen, you will be seen. Now you understand how big a thing I am telling you, how much I am telling you for free. And the six things to enjoy are not the raw cards of this life, it cannot be done like this, you will not be hit by a bicycle, you will not fall, you will not get hurt, you will not learn to ride a bicycle, if you go into the water and get hit like this, you will not learn swimming, anything quickly.  It doesn't happen in life, it takes time, a plant has to be born, a child has to be born, the child has to learn to walk, anything in a good life means you have to see heaven and not even die a little, to die, to do something less which you are not able to do, something less.  As such  Do it because as soon as you do something, these boys are very afraid of being a wife's slave and the parents raise him up to do this, because what is the point when according to astrology, according to the story, tell that one or the other  Forces will come to stop you from getting heaven while you are alive. Forces will come from all sides but today I want to say this with great sincerity to all the women also, start being respectful and husbands are poor.  He goes out, I don't know whom he listens to, you have only one husband, with whom you are unhappy, women are unhappy, right? My husband is like this from 23 marriages. Your husband knows how many husbands he endures. Now I understand him.  It is nonsense, if you have only one strip, your Vaastu does not belong to anyone, but how many of each husband's, I just do n't know, how many parents, husband understand, those who put nuances in his life, those who suck the energy of his life, who claim their rights on his time.  You  Just see, whether your husband has power, whether he is big or small, he has power, anything can happen, can you be abusive, can your husband abuse himself, can he have teeth, tell me, send that too.  The money that comes in is being addressed to the housewife at home. Women who work have a lot of idea about what is happening. Relatively, they respect relatively. There, respect is easy. Also, respect for each other is like this.  Also, it is easy, that's why I am relieved, everyone is behind, earn money and earn money, only then you will understand how difficult things are. Don't you think that broom and utensils are difficult? They are made by caste anyway. No, we manage them, we manage well.  Meaning, pick up the vessel which is kept there and people have kept peas inside it for him too. Okay, so let us tell him what will become of the food. Start is respectful and husband of eyes and of speech and that. It is anyone's power to shield the man who is the husband of her life. It may be anyone's words and eyes; it is anyone's power to shield you. As soon as she feels this coolness, the wife will take time because if what you say is right now then the concert will take place. I am so afraid that I will be cured. Does the disease take time to come? Take the medicine and you will be cured. You have spent 6 years in getting sick. Bitterness does not believe in life ahead that you will do anything for it. You will feel that this will happen only by respecting me.  no power you ever tell me  I have found something good, if it turns out then even you don't do it friend, because you want results in 10 days or 15 days. If you want to hear from me then I will tell you the fear also. D Female lady who is unconditional, respect her husband a lot.  Must be felt but d kid off when doing it d morning can't do it na husband him I have a headed too go and run orders or office is more he is going home he can't speak woman speak power  I hope you are understanding, I have given so many open examples to understand, it is okay for you all, you must be feeling some joy, you must be laughing, you must be feeling pain, you must be getting angry, you must be feeling irritation too, this is it.  There is a Guru element which creates many emotions in you from one thing, he says while eating, I am fine dining and food only, so what is the fun in eating which has very different tastes or if you feel yes only on subtle pride then this is the taste. Little  If I go back, this test is still going down my throat, then here it is called a different test, man, this is the government got it, that means it has prepared some very tasty thing, Masterchef Australia, you must have seen it, now I have seen it, okay, so he has such free advice. How many people will be able to understand, how much will they be able to feel, how many liked it, how did you like Sheetal Tai and who has a concert with me, your husband, your son and daughter are getting messed up, sorry son, daughter-in-law is getting messed up, son-in-law and daughter are getting messed up, send the video.  Don't send it to whoever in your society you are suffering from. Friend, there is trouble going on there which can be known. Good trouble is going on in everyone's house, but if you had come to know then you would not have come. Well, it has been going on in everyone's house. It is going on in everyone's house.  It's okay but when outsiders come to know then if you know then tell me friend this is the only requirement nothing else is required Only required and it is requested hard from both the partners if one man will stay or not I am doing it and he did not give the next day there is no shore on shore it becomes equal in long term it becomes equal in long term it becomes equal then to do  Start working hard then go to heaven if there is very little in the house let me tell you it is ok but the advice is afraid from the consultant is ok and if there is a tree then the advice is free then like is distributed  You are seeing so many likes till now and those who have enjoyed should have fun in life. The biggest thing is to eat golgappa like this and drink water like this, then you should enjoy. If you don't enjoy then what is the use, then it means he has his close friend.  Let's go, it is fun, okay, where it is clean, there is mineral water, wearing glasses, it is tasty and Mansa does, it is clean and then there should be fun in eating, okay then whatever you do in life, you should enjoy.  not for fun  You should do it, you should know how to have fun and you should know where the fun is. People are searching like crazy burden. Here, here, figure out, Golgappa, there, you will get good food, this is just for you, now in life, whenever it is like the time of night has come.  And if you are feeling low during the day, then there is nothing to be done, just watch one of my videos, any of the latest releases will give you clarity, there will be a smile on your face, okay and you will get homework to do something, try it because like I did. just by telling  It happens, it's okay, Ramdev ji also says, it happens only by doing something, it's okay, only if you do Bharti tomorrow, there will be some difference, it will happen only if you do Anulom Vilom, it does n't happen by seeing, okay, it's seen to learn, but if you want to apply, then two.  It is in your life, it is ok, there is no motivation, there is no clarity, there is complete dust, it is ok, then please like and share, thank you very much.