Hello friends, today's topic is Kherki Daula, his acid will be destroyed, this will be my crowd sourcing video of information, like I had made a very good one in which talk about Maruti plant and Kharkhoda, there is a lot of information in that comment. Because there is a time when information for you is limited, but SIM, you tease that topic in the world, like Shekhar Gupta ji does it till the cut in the letter.  So that is a good discussion, delete discussion is there, if I want, I will tell things like a motor and my request to all of you is that please you also participate in it, talk about whatever you sleep in in big comments. In Dwarka, when metro came, payment platform and in Hanoi, it started reading slowly from your flat rate, but the day the metro started, in actual and after 3 months, there was an increase in pad questions.  It is situated in the historical train of Dwarka, even though it was known that it was going to happen and the rate of urination in her panty had also increased, so before this story of Kherki Daula ends, I was telling it somewhere that so much rise was like button.  But from time to time process that when its market price will start coming in because whatever projects are being launched today because the story of active 125 sector Gurgaon will be my next topic in next.  Few days thoughts and news also, I want to post my presentation on this here and I want to take opinion from you guys that whatever products will be launched now, their company will run out of business before that because till March 2030 only, I am sure that Redmi  Hai new time increase nose at lord of people died of sexually see na my airtel se is actually light of people vasundhara colony select mianwali colony lakshmi na shabd sahi kaun vishnu garden is  There are a lot of types, then there are many, the second is not just waiting to go to that white held there sources of income website, there were many in Rs 250, the second department has put so much pressure in not selling this indicated thing, where there is only one floor.  But they were going to build four different flats and sell them, bought the boat registry and three Abus and are also demolishing them, so I am seeing explorer fat, so what are you people seeing, so now people  Like and if you like Mere Dil Ke Chain Laga, the song was completely finished and after that Sangh Sange Pyaar Mein Bolte Hain Na Na Na Na Na Na Na, before ending, if you subscribe to my channel, then you will go here from Syria's Central Point. Your Godrej comes here and comes here on both sides. It is 1993. It is your army hospital, it is a center location, it is 30 away, it has been covered in great detail. Committee 128 is a story, I will cover it.  But please tell me, what is your bonus due to the shift of Kherki Daula, is the market price taking it into account, just as it is said in the share market that any information is going to happen after six months, one year, that share price price day.  Research begins to happen Normally the proverb says Bayern Speculation Salon News Okay so I'm not getting into his trident and consider real estate agro investment will be renewed  Treat people subscribe to get in that that zoheb floats aim target fixed so i don't believe in this is believing absolutely on my face times this sir new generations notifications plus airplane paris money does not trust because job if yours is not 40,000 done  So thank you will fall into this by appointing this incident and money market and group that is different on that and tell you how much in this  Percentage, you see, from 10 cents to 20%, so I will not say now, it will be fine, but when ten to twenty percent, will it start from next month, it will start from my next day, you see, this one likes that this  Cannot credit the thing and the result can be credited till March 2030 because of this event Pimple increase Developed inspector Real estate is always looted Dehradun Mini positive effects in the team  Also all the negative effects points are our total, there are some facts in that too, it gets more weightage, so excite it that house, this is the thing, will go with cider, how much is not given, Vasundhar side, you are 100 things happening in the economy at the time of Gurgaon. Inflation interested job opportunitis sentiment politics meeting is on its 1717 right those Everything has a sum total but this is an event which is shot, so what is your opinion on this event, please share that video piece with me, we will make a template and paste it and my next video will be of this area.  I will focus on vegetable side, I will tell you what is happening where, Little is the best AC three tier place and Gurgaon is fine, similarly we are using words, very careful, it is fine, enter, we will demand discussion on it, video.  If you like it, please like and share it with maximum people. Increase this. Thank you.