That Hello friends, today's topic is going to be very interesting in Kinder Joy Syndrome, it is straight line, I will link this syndrome, how normal common customer, pure approach, a new project, different new launch, taking both the things and staying till the end is to like. When watching forward, subscribe the channel and suppress depression. In childhood, the children of the day are small or you may have been small, depending and this group was formed in Inter Noida in such a small way.  It comes out twice and the chocolate balls are like cream. Okay, so I am going to tell about it in the video of my children that with that we make it small and get some Tubelight which is ₹ 40 that is that these days I don't have it.  I know, it has been a long time now that the children have been busy in the cycle of both of them that they want this and that, after that they started doing blue and pink nectar for girls and knowledge for boys, so when I used to see the children's bicycle, they were so  Don't want to eat but want that thing worth ₹2. Second case of rs.30, so many of us have grown up but attractions interest us further that the way I explain this situation, I feel that perhaps no one has understood, it seems like it is a misunderstanding, then you comment education. And if you feel that it is a little interesting and in a different perspective, then you can write this as T-20 i.e. Power Panchaupchar, I will tell you some eye-opening things. If you feel that In the past days, I have been interested in recording videos. If you like to understand through examples like this, I have Bhairav, I study life a lot through examples, then please send me more messages. Let's move ahead. New launch is coming. Offer, offer, offer for anything. It is given that he will give it like what is it, he will also tell in the interview, we knew what it is, it is fine, but we had eaten a lot, so we knew that it is such a matter, but what would be the main issue, he did not understand this.  Consider that the thing coming into the plot of this investigation was that he was telling the citizens in writing that in this offer, some fare will be waived, this will be yours and people will also get the constitution as per their constitution, this is just the delay and the board is  The builder is giving the middle, it is giving that we had got something to give, it seems no one asks me, builder sells, buy, world cycle is a positive word, can I teach marketing to sugar sellers, meetings from both the sides, no one is wrong.  Don't do it, the teacher will come and sit and teach him.  I will give this to them, I will teach them also, it is written to them that if they make them play with me then there is nothing immoral in it, there is marketing in it, it has been going on for centuries that they are giving this, why is no one giving anything, everyone is selling the goods at the price.  I give a chat on my web page about the new launch based on the book value of whether this thing is worth buying for this much or not. If something is worth buying in a square and it was understood that this thing is good then it  Will give a little in MP3 by giving difference  It will be tempered, some tissue will be there, then we will leave the good thing. It is simple. First, Kunta got stuck on the festival of understanding that this thing which remains on me, I give it for the fixed records of servicing, it is not possible to explain it in a short video.  A lot of reductions will happen and everyone will come and show it through the drone camera, they will immediately tell the payment password from this side, but it should be explained to a new customer that no one explains money to him, what will I tell him in the answer then?  The problem is that you should understand that exam which is you. A normal person sees things in black and white or after clearing the pinto, he just says this and lists life itself in grey, only then I would have seen my views.  He does not appoint her work on public channel only. Public wants it only. Black and white and black and white cannot be trusted. I have told my project viewers on premium channel that I have done Shobha's scene, I have deleted that scene, Shapoorji has done it.  I have protested against the bus, I have appreciated it a lot from the people, because the most important thing in life is that you have to understand what the product is, it will not explain much and it is important to understand, before that you have to understand yourself, which is not you people. In the example, I will tell you what happened under this, if I record video and my job is to record video from the mobile, that too has a front camera, then my requirement was that the front camera should also be sixty-four megapixels, then that time is this environment.  I want something else from the phone, so if I had this requirement, then I was worried about the number of cycles in the drop, how much capacity does it have, how much is the processing speed, how much is that, then with the same thing, if you buy a house, you should have a meter, garbage.  Want to write cheap thing in India, we want to write one more thing adult food price and some shot by this mixture code word press note date sheet price will also be given some cheap because if someone's thing is good then not on thing. Will send the maximum price of selling at a judgment rate, I explain all these things to the couples in their business who have not yet joined me in the directory, so they cannot think in the webinar that it is happening in this life, if it is on some other platform, then click on that.  If there is open discussion separately, then you can add, I will review the new upcoming projects, I will tell about the Puranas and I will tell the test to everyone, you are 90% my dad Swift, some hospital skirts that.  Beating on Sundays, I have not done that for many days and now the month of Sawan has come, whatever it is, it will also come, tweet about buying innocent things, oh my astrology, considering it is ok, I am an astrologer too, and the people who are connected, I am telling you all this.  The twist is that I want to take people up to this level, which fits into this situation which is related to my original raw taste for days, that when the calls are clear, they are not selling things and they are asking questions.  If there is a desire that is in your heart state, that is, from where it is common, then what questions should be asked, they do not express that kind of thing, I just make the payment directly, make it interesting, and it ends with the offer and do everything.  Let's explain the total thing, but it is very easy to provoke a woman, it is very difficult to explain, this will mark that it is starting, men's local news channel is on duty, there are a lot of subscribers, that means ancient likes are very big, this length is so  goes  Then, when something goes wrong in a society and there is some trouble somewhere in the West, after being informed by BJP, they want to judge Dhawan, but this flag is so much, then they invest, it is like a seed store.  I too teach marketing, there should be an agenda, it should be a little settled, but there is an ad of the same builder in it, just like you on bread, we will try very hard to degrade the setting. UP Affordable Homes has tracked many people, so when  If a person gets from one or two hotels, he will take something else, then one is enough, okay, if yes, there is nothing, then this cross, then these gooseberries, they dream, they do it like I am in the water of Golgappa, then how can it not bera mineral?  It is water, it is useless water, it is for the sake of killing the free meats that you people do in spiritual education that the Golgappa water that you mineral water seller is giving is yours, then write your business motor on the next one, but whenever any other person will see yours.  The list is ready, it has mineral water written on it. What is the need to create so much noise because if the water is not available for one day or two, the government had done the maintenance a while ago and told that if we keep one of our own in the water first, then the water pipeline may burst at many places. Even if it happens, I am not doing the pattern at all like the builders, but it is up to them, it is good to read, but I am definitely in this, but it is also necessary to see that if by force, your blouse project is going on and Position has come in 10 parlors and water has not come inside one person and there was some issue of pipeline due to load, then make it so much that there is no flat water on lakhs and make a video and send it, everyone select each other and say confirmation.  Find out that the celebrity who is going to buy an arm ship wants to be a miser, that is why it is being done that the woman's first is easy, it takes a lot of effort to explain the total. Yes, when you people enter the webinar, it is Daikin only. Telling one topic for three and a half hours at a time seems like a dinosaur. Who will put Sushma Asur in it? Who will put Sushma Asur in it? It will seem like a physical pair. I am not talking about Mr. Manja. Data is a different thing if it exists. Some post will weave these in reverse and show anything. It's not easy by the name of this mission, you are a cigarette in the true way, that a normal man who is connected to me, his blessing has become so much that you have some doubt in it.  Not only this, but you also have this much market, there are two or three stops of buyers in the whole year, two or three of them change at 365 13 inches, only I and maximum of three stops remain in the market throughout the year, what is that, find out.  Do you want to suddenly get rich, come to the right rate of the thing, do you understand, click on it and tell those who invest, I want you to know that it is from the auto sector, where is it going, at what rate first?  But eat it, this is crude oil, this is the company of the stomach, this is expensive, the input is expensive, even at home, you have to read a lot of reports, that is hard work, this is the cheapest work you can do, are you okay? Hey, sometimes there is an increase in life like this.  It used to be that earning money was so easy that someone reviewed it, made it big, showed a 10-minute don't, friends, there is no point in singing, whatever sales interest will not tell, whatever is being captured in its camera, click on it.  for  He will say on his lips that brother, don't talk about it, he will see Ishant, now he will see the drain, he has also seen the tension, it is seen in Sibal, it is seen on the cowshed, if he will be seen in the role, then he will go and see, it is more than telling the man that money is a big project, you  What you are saying here is that there is such an area where no such thing can be found within one kilometer of any city in Gurgaon, it is okay that the suspicious thing has come back in HUDA sectors also, but which  There is an account, their rates are low but it is not that for others the girls who are touching 50,000 per day are less, it is 1020, this is the third task, so who will tell how in the talent and this one behind the counter is Chairman Village Inn, this number is techno.  If so then vote for me. Explain it holistically. Those who want to join me in doing webinars can WhatsApp me, which they do not need to do in Already Today. So those who are connected, they already know and wedding is fine. New people who want to join can do me webinar because by doing one or two weddings every week, I can level up slowly and gradually, buy your loved ones, even if you don't have anything, but don't buy today.  If we talk about 2 years, then it is a journey and in that we have to buy it, send it to him, sell it ourselves and buy it, whether it is selling it to mom, dad or mother-in-law and father-in-law. Buying and selling: There is no such person in your family who has to buy something or not to sell it because it is more tasty, so if you go to college for it, you will become as popular in your family as me. What do you want to become, that person who has very good clarity in real estate and who can adopt it, now by taking the name of uncle ji or Ashok uncle ji or anyone else, everyone asks that brother.  You want it to be ok and such feelings are not there from him, things are explained logically below the complete data face, neither is a small child nor even a 14-15 year old can understand that please tell me this correctly. If you understand people, then if you want to connect like this.  If you want, you can remove it and ask by writing thank you on WhatsApp.