Hello friends, this is a very important topic. Knowing this one thing will help you in decision making of middle class. Not knowing this truth of life is confusing the middle class in decision making. After watching this video, you are going to get great clarity and you can share it.  All you have to do is like the channel and share it on groups with all your friends, children or acquaintances. Before giving this clarity, a little  I will tell you a story so that you can understand one thing. We know that the story is many years ago, Albert Einstein. We know that famous scientist equal to MC Square, Nobel Prize, along with being a scientist, he was also a professor and teacher, also so in a college. When he was used to teaching, he was once setting his paper and he gave the paper to his assistant to print it when he  When I gave the paper to the assistant, the assistant was like, oh, this is a mistake, and he said, this is wrong, and he said, what is the color, it is fine, it is absolutely fine, for this, he said, sir, you have given me the question paper of last year only.  This question paper was from last year only, so no one says yes, it is fine, no one still prints it and says are you sure because this is last year's paper, no one wants their assistant to make a mistake, whoever is their senior.  So the same question paper is the same questions are the same but the answers have changed The answers have changed The same thing is in life Our questions are still the same 20 years ago and even 30 years ago these people used to ask the same questions, is marriage, job, work, business, investments okay?  Brother, this is okay, that is okay, so which one is okay, Crypto is okay, this one was not asked 20 years ago, which one is okay?  Did n't know what ETFs are 3040 years ago. Okay, so the questions are the same and the answers are changing. We are in a dynamic world. Why do I need to tell you? Because as a content creator, we also have a journey. Keep reading the videos and  Who gets to see which one when? 4 years ago, 3 years ago, people, hey, earlier you used to say this, hey, earlier we used to say this, so hasn't the world changed?  Is the world not changing in 3 years? Is the world not changing in 2 years? Are there any trends playing out? Will things remain the same? Is it always better to buy a plot when you cannot buy a plot because buying a plot  For this, another kind of loan will be required, many times, you will not have the loan taking capacity, the registry has a separate rate, the circle rate is Rs. 50, you know, if you can take it, then take it, it is a very good thing, I said no.  But can it be taken everywhere? Is it better to marry a housewife every time? Does every man like to marry a working person? Depending on your life situation and who you are, the same question will arise.  Also have different answers. Look, I am telling you two or three things, the deeper thing is that this question was before the society 30 years ago, now the question is the same and its answer.  What it was has changed, it is no longer there. Firstly, this is a phenomenon, secondly, today's phenomenon is that whenever you ask a question to someone, the question may be the same and the answer may be different because the person asking the question is different. You have to do a government job.  If you want a very simple question then the answer is yes, is it good to do a government job or is it useless? No, it depends on who you are from, which family you are coming from, what is your father's arrangement, what is the money.  What is rich, what is poverty, small town, big city and the alternative choices you have. If you come from a very backward class, do not have any business, father is not rich, are from a very backward class, then maybe a government job is the best bet. Will directly elevate you, once the paper is passed, where will you do business? If you do not have money to eat, then you do not have money to pay fees, if you do not have money for anything, then where are you in life? Important And Now We Have To See The One Who Will See The Trends And Who Can See The Trends Are The One Who Will Do Well Those Of You Who Are Driving Your Life Looking In The Rear View Mirror 12 Years Ago 18 Years Ago Tau Ji Ne  If I had entered into commercial real estate, now it will always do well because I have seen that a lot of content is being posted on people's own experiences. I have seen that the master of it is our Ankur Warku ji. I did like this in 1997, then my mistakes, I put this brother 152 because the reason is that I don't want to show below the example, I want to tell that I have wrong reference points, that's why I don't tell with personal examples, I do n't have any meaning in my knowledge.  Have to impress with Personal example has got no meaning because of what I did 15 20  Years Back The Ecosystem Was Different Life Was Different Everything Was Different Today If Sachin Tendulkar Has To Again Come And Fight For A Seat In The Cricket Team Instead Of 1989 I Don't Know Can A 16 Year Old Now Come Into The Indian Cricket Team We Really  Don't know we really don't know whether Amitabh Bachchan can come again or Rajesh Khanna can come, what will happen, it is a very dynamic world.  The world is changing, we saw it from the classical example of Super Duper Star, First Superstar of Bollywood, Rajesh Khanna Pushpa. By doing this for 2 years, the whole world was crazy and in 2 years, time changed in such a way that it started getting irritating and every now and then what else is said?  The generation watched them because someone's parents had fund memories. Look, he is a superstar, you like man, what is he doing, man, you watch the 1970 movie Nirupama Rai today.  Wali ji or Nutan Wali ji or Meena Kumari Wali ji, those women are crying in it, come son, let me serve you food now, which mother does this, I mean people are not able to relate with two things or do they do one like this  The sewing machine is running and that sacrifice mother, when the whole family will gather in the last scene, yes mother, today we came to know how much life you have sacrificed because many people are still stuck in that zone, that's why  Maybe this is the truth of life because many people could not do it, they are still following the template which was done 30, 40, 45 years ago. Let me tell you one thing, how the dynamics of the world has changed from today. What were fathers called 40 years ago? What was Pant Bushut called? Bushut was the name used to call such a shirt and the outside of the pant blouse was stitched by a tailor master who stitched children's clothes. Women stitched children's clothes.  She used to do that general thing, after that it started detonating that the clothes could not be sealed, they used to go to the tailor, but if something needs to be loose or tight, they have to do some work like this and I remember doing it like this in Pat.  It also used to be hers because that color shade got different from outside and from here, whoever observed India would know that she used to make mothers in work, it is like a zip- whip work, meaning today, a shirt is inside a shirt.  of this  If a button breaks then there is a system as to who will fix it and how. This is life. We came here from here. In some 50 houses, food was prepared for 40-50 people. There used to be some functions and today if you eat, it is a very dynamic world. And it is changing.  Even faster now, today you cannot come and tell a woman that four of my friends are coming, we will have drinks today, make pakodas well, make arrangements, and friends are coming and  In that, the woman should think that oh my God, today I will get to show my talent, which chutney will I make, which one will I take out from inside, do you remember, different special utensils were taken out, all the special things were done, do you remember now?  These days people are like, let's eat out, let's go, if you want to go out somewhere then do it in a pub, do this here, do that, this is a dynamic world, so we have to change and because of this, relationships have also become very dynamic and like  It used to work earlier, but now it doesn't work like that because the operating systems are changing and there is a lot of confusion in them too. I am launching this relationship course. It will be iconic. You people have a chance to attend it live. It is being launched after Diwali. There will be seven classes on Saturday 7.  You will get more recording from PM to 9 PM and you will reach a level in a very good way, that is, you will definitely fix the problems of people's relationships which I am very sure and yours too.  You will understand life, what happened, why it happened, what is happening and what will happen if this continues, you will answer this, you can help people and can also monetize this talent, so join Jo Jo Relationship Course.  I want to call the number given below and go away after speaking ill of someone. Most of the people who speak have not awakened their intelligence, conscience and consciousness, some are not able to awaken, some are also not able to wake up, some are not able to rise, some are not able to rise in life.  This  You write comments like this, it is okay that also gives an idea or is it like you can hate Sambalpuri, I am not selling anything, I am selling something which will improve your life and if you can help other people to cross the boat in life, then once.  Before writing a bad comment, write it once, understand it completely, it is always better to ask other people, how do you do it, that's why you become a sponge, how does it happen, teach us too, yuck, yuck.  If you go away after [ __ ] then this is what will happen, so this is also an example of a dynamic world, this world is changing, Indians are now extremely be ready to pay up to people who can just help them in finding out things in their life.  Like a friend, I told you earlier that I have a problem, if you go to your father, then father is part of the problem.  Momma is part of the problem Wife is part of the problem Friends are part of the problem Children are part of the problem That's why you require everything else Who is not judged Who is not bought And there is a blue ocean opportunity for those who are Dynamic World This is Where You Can Earn Money Because Aage Aage People  Which fan to install, which mobile to take in the car, which consultation is going on? People in India are not ready to pay up for discussion. They are ready to give knowledge. First Indians are only ready to pay for tuition. Teacher to pass the child.  If the doctor is having stomach ache then he will have to give money to the doctor or the lawyer that he is in a trap. Only the Indians were ready to give the money to these three people because they were in a trap. But now Indians are becoming smart. They have released the power of a consultant that why should I reinvent the will if someone is gentle and he knows how things can happen, what can be. This is another very important thing in a dynamic world.  It is a good way to say that yes, this change is happening, when it will come in your face, then when you start, you will forget the first mover advantage, that means you will miss, you will forget, not you will miss.  The first advantage is that you have started doing something, the world was not yet understanding it, did not know about it, and had not reached your level, then slowly people will come to your level since you had opened the shop earlier, then you will reach the top first.  This is also a fact, so please come this, the week after Diwali is fine, most like it will be November only, the date will be known, according to the time, you will get the recordings from 7 PM to 9 PM, relationship course.  Everyone is invited.