Hello friends, watch the very short video till the end. There is a place or a side of life where no one can defeat you. Would you be interested to know where you live at your best? There will be 15 topics and the second topic will be of Manglik Dosh.  Complete Guarantee My It's True Master Class Will Be Late On Friday So Please Join Bed It Will Be 08:33 PM 2.5 I will tell you about these two things in a very interesting way.  You have your own Kundli, sit down with it, those who don't have it, I will tell you how to generate it, it will be for your children, you can take it, regret tree masterclass is not free, membership is not free for those who take it, it is complimentary for them, if you take platinum membership, then take platinum membership.  You can because you will get to know very good topics every week or you can attend one class by making one time payment, then you are interested in joining this master class WhatsApp. Astro to the number given below, if you do extra WhatsApp then I will tell you how to add, I have a mall payment near the house of One Time, how to add One Time, if you want to take platinum membership, then you can press the join button. If you want to join, then what is there in it? -What points do you get, you will get it in that video, I have to pay money to YouTube, I don't have to give it, press these buttons, for those who are iPhone users, the link will be in the comment section and description, so iPhone users will not see the join, it's okay  It is not visible to Android users, it is not visible to iPhone users, the join that is visible next to Subscribe, Android users can join, if you are an iPhone user, then comment in the comment section or comment section in this comment section.  You can use it and I will give you the link in the description, so these are two very important things, knowing them will add value to your life and you will enjoy a lot. I will talk about Planet Mars about End Mark. You will get to know very well about Karunga &amp; D.G., those who add extra class inches, there is very happy feedback, what will be left in life to take them away from stress, so those who are interested in this thing.  One of the subjects for the channel is this software. Many people were asking to tell about the show, so today I told that Friday Ko Haste Hai, Friday will last 60cm, you people will get the link Strong SPRO.  You people have to WhatsApp and platinum members have got the link, they have kept it joint, it is okay against them and recording will also be posted for platinum members, justice, no one can join or want to see the note later, platinum members.  Will Get To See All Recording Call 100 You Can Get Platinum Membership Who Want To Get Tree Thank You