Hello friends, Gurgaon will be the topic of real estate but Pan India is important for all investors. Dwarka Expressway is a micro market of Gurgaon, Delhi NCR. We will discuss about the potential of Dwarka Expressway in the coming time.  There will be a best performance micro release date market. Here we will discuss what is the potential. Those who have already taken the projects here, what should those who want to take do, what should some people do?  They are stuck, what should they do? It will be important for everyone because it is easy to spread misconceptions, it is very difficult to explain, so let us discuss it in Dwarka or the government, then this government came, then it delayed for 4 years and then decided that Gadkari ji will build it from above.  And now India 's first urban expressway of 28 km is being built, we will discuss about it, I will tell my opinion, I will tell something logical which has not been told on any channel.  It has not been created by a human being, it has not been created even on the newspaper through social media. Initially it was told, it was explained, it was conceived to make the National Highway easier, I do n't think it is practical, it is any more than that now.  He is left because when many things get so delayed, then the purpose for which So Called is being made is no longer the same. Those outside darshans are connected, connected to Pune, connected to Chennai, connected to different Hyderabads. This is India's pan  If you leave it separately in India, then I tell you that whenever there is no such alignment, the city resides, there is a city within the city, there is savings, it does very well, the last time when things had gained momentum, then Hijewadi, if you know, Pune.  If you know more Mar Road, if you know SD Highway of Ahmedabad, if you know Hitech City of Hyderabad and SG Highway of Ahmedabad, if such a highway is fine in Ahmedabad, then this is an alignment Rajarhat, if you are inside Kolkata, then it is By the way, you know where those rates went, how they went off course, it took 10 12 14 years, many of them have been spent here, but today we have to talk about what is the opportunity potential, the people who came here in 2009-10 11 12 13 14  They entered and they entered before the time and there they found the builders who were ruined because of corruption, some of the builders, as you know, were old.  If they are sitting in the jail of the times, now their program has been fitted, what can they do by discussing their projects, it did not take time, however, with some such projects, it is visible that they too will be built because the rates of property have increased so much that now.  Donkey, Horse, Lame, everyone has come to be equal, so all the people who have bought in Dwarka Expressway, do not even touch them for the next 6 months, the selling price will increase, now people will say like this, it will increase, who will increase, how will it increase, am I the only one? I  I will talk, I don't have a contract, I am not telling about any other factor, this guy in red sweater, I am the one who will increase 2 to 3000 square feet in the next two to three months, he is not taking the responsibility of the rest, friend, you are a big hero, it is okay, Han, I am a hero. Hero, say something, say something and you will increase it, you are selfish, you have to judge, my investment will also increase, I will benefit, how many people are you interested in increasing the rate, please write below and who is feeling chilly.  Let us write to those who are feeling chilly, now two-three reactions will start appearing and a lot of people who think it will increase, show it wrong. When it is launched, then after adding GST, they tell the price and today's price is also small in Mumbai.  Express rates for big rooms have increased so much. Already the rates have increased so much. Right now everything is open, so just think that right now the rates are already so high and if we are not yet on express, then if we go, they will increase further or will go to the docks.  When the rates have reached here without even moving, it is not all builders who are increasing the rates, but only the builders will increase the rates and who will increase the rates? So the rates do not increase further for the property, although the government also gets a lot of benefit in making the rates and so does the government.  Will not announce that let's increase the rate, no one, only the builder will increase it, only the one selling the stool will increase it and who will increase the rate, tell me what is the common customer who wants to buy, what is the rate?  Increase it, it seems cheap to me, buying expensive will only increase demand is supply, demand is supply, you will also hear the rate of 18000, those who have been connected for a long time, I had told them earlier that after Diwali, people will start getting stomach ache, the rates here  It sounds like there is a lot of space and the golf course extension and the rest of the space and in less Jha why to criticize brother, everything is very good, real estate will crash because there is a recession in America.  There is a recession, the sky is falling, there is a recession in America, that is why everyone has bought property in India because the dollar will cross 8081 and the rupee will cross further and they have no avengerlity and anything else.  No, so many flats have come, so many facts have come, there are so many flats, so many flats, how many flats, how many, how much I love her, how much I love her, I love her very much, it means four people live in one flat, 30000  If there is a flight, then there will be one lakh twenty thousand positions, some in 2024, some in 25, some in 26, some in 27. You see how much the population is increasing, the day the expressway is connected from Delhi, if only Dwarka comes in front of 10%, then Dwarka.  The population of Dwarka alone is 1800000. I am telling only the population of Dwarka. I am not going to tell about any further cities. I am not going to your Rohini, I am going to your Punjabi Bagh and this garden.  That garden, all the gardens of Delhi are worth crores, I am not going to go to it, I am only catching Dwarka. The story of Dwarka Expressway is another matter for sale, there is no such society, Dwarka is increasing its capacity from 175 to 1000, Gurgaon is going straight to 1000. Dwarka Expressway is its Kohinoor diamond, Gurgaon is a good thing in other places also, here too there is a good thing, whoever has taken it, keep it, don't sell it, you will have to register, I know.  5-6% will be charged on your registration cost. Let me tell you about some rates so that if I tell you about the rates then you will talk further. I made the video in winter wearing a sweater. Last time Jain, I made the video in August 21 and the rate given by me was this.  Diwali 2022 will be that many Diwali, so brothers and sisters, are they the ones who made my predictions because I am an astrologer too, have they lost, have they crossed and again?  Time has come again to tell that the one who is not saying to buy the new launches at all but hold on to them also, all donkeys, lame donkeys, lame horses, all will run, all will run, marketing will be on your face by doing this, it is very good.  People will say this is like this, what difference does it make, what difference does it make if the public is buying the goods and the prices are increasing and every price point is being absorbed and there is fresh demand at every price point and the supply is ending.  This is happening and the fresh supply that will come will come at a higher rate, so these rates will increase. Let me tell you a simple, very interesting thing. There, on the 500 meter path, different societies will be seen facing each other from 15 to 25, two-three within 500 meters.  There will be some launch in a month at 38000 square feet, 38000 will not be shown to you to the general public, the promoters of Aakash have bought Aakash at 38000 square feet. Jaisi Choudhary ji, Jaisi Choudhary ji bought two flats in Camelia worth Rs 100 crores, a flat of Rs 50 crores, go and see what rate works out, now look at the golf course road, how many 70 80 90 meter roads are there, some are of service meter and  Even after that, the thing is far away, the building is open and if it is there, it will beat the off course, will not do it today, will not do it after 5 years, will not do it today, will talk for 5 years and these rates are also increasing and as we have grown up, those who are on the golf course road  Today's rate is, if this rate has remained the same even after 5 years of Dwarka Expressway, then you see how much precision there is in it. Now you will have to pay attention to the product. Product is the king product. What should you buy? Do good to the things that you have already bought. Different builders will also come, there are six to seven projects lying there, CSD's, Ansal's, meaning copy, okay, these are the kind of products, some are with heavy cases, where something fell and got damaged, it took time.  Avoid that one, friend, everything else is first class, everything means everything is first class, take whatever makes sense in your budget and don't take it and think that the rate will be lower tomorrow.  The sky will fall, I don't know what will happen, then the rates will remain the same, the sizes are getting smaller, which is happening as told, the sizes of the products are getting smaller and the square feet at the end rate is increasing, just more density.  is also increasing 18  The government's letter came on October, then the increase was made to 3.5, where if it was made to 2.5, then 80%, then 200 to 300 more people, but if an acre of bonfire was made, and people do not pay attention to the price points, my videos got deleted.  After doing my real estate, I have launched a separate channel so that if you do real estate here then please go and subscribe, I will write it here also in the comment section, it will not take much time. I will tell you with full example, because there is a huge pan India audience here, so there are people from different places, Gurgaon will be 50% and rest of the 21 cities, I have done something about India, I am Sir, Shah will be there, otherwise you can please. Apna Dal Dena will include your city also and cover what is happening there. Okay, so Dwarka Expressway will be the best performing market for five to seven to nine years but every  It makes the difference between which product is being used because you are not buying the express way, remember, you are not buying the road, you are buying a product, the product hashtag is important as far as I can give advice in a simple way, expensive once, cheap once, cheap once, cheap again.  This is my advice. Okay, so wherever there is a clean, good builder, a good thing, a good brand, you will buy it again and again, whether it is a good thing or not, they are making it and giving it in a good name.  The builders had promised in 4 years and are giving delivery before 4 years. Okay, so the time has changed. Since mymens construction has come, the construction is good, fast, it is good. Stop what was being built in the old Dalda.  There is no use, the stomach gets upset, it is unfortunate for many people, but now desi ghee is being made from mother cow's desi ghee. If you understand it in a way, then your stomach weight is not going to get upset.  Okay, many people are having stomach ache in the system, why is this happening, don't understand the meaning, you know, it is easy to mislead, it is difficult to explain, okay then hold on, the one who has bought Dwarka Expressway for 5 years, do not sell it, sell it somewhere else.  You will also go to Illustrate, if you will not get better performance than this then what is the need to go Rental shoot up, let it run once, the government is saying, I have been working for 8-10 months, then 3-4 months.  You will be able to see Shakal Puri, some will also start moving, but whatever is there, you should limit it to the maximum. Next October November is fine, after that there are elections, so it is bound to happen, so in the next 6 to 8 months you will see a lot of growth. Metro was being built inside Dwarka also, the rates are increasing, the butt is increasing, the day the metro starts, it starts running for 3 months, then you know that final jam, then that final jump will come here also, that time.  Apart from whether the base was less or the base is already ready then definitely 15 to 20% will come after construction and till then how much transaction is going to space, you all are monitoring and whoever is monitoring it.  -I am saying this, I have bought anything, I am saying it in the name, don't sell it for the sake of the project, Han, I know that the positions have to be given by the registry and that too will be absorbed, that too will be absorbed.  Because again name change builders like them do not have land themselves, the biggest problem is not only the land parcel, where will they get something to build from, instead of whatever is less, there is what is The Almost Vicky's Almost Big. Now there is no land parcel which is just a few. Among them, height density, small houses are coming at very high prices, so whoever is sitting now has load density and tomorrow the market will understand the industry and also the project through density.  Sarigate will say that at one place there are only 60 flats in each acre, at some place there are 80, at some place there are 120 and at some place there are 130, then the one with 60 will have more money, the one with 80 will have less, the one with 120 will have less than that and the one with 130.  Will it be less than that, if I am getting something at the density of one story or at 60, then I am sitting quietly and let the market understand, what is the km, what is the load, what is the institute, what is the brand, what is this market. Right now, this thing is in transition. After two to three years of understanding, everyone will start understanding. Now, those who are my subscribers understand everything, those who are connected, everyone understands, density, that and that, keep making videos in Wave Naaz. Your syllabus is fine but when everyone in the market will start learning and they are learning very fast, it is okay, I feel that in one to two years everyone will be dead.  These words will be on the tongue when they will compare and then the builders that the rates of the new ones are coming out high, then the rates of the old ones must have come on their own because the rates of the new ones are coming out high, something you cannot control and this is the phase.  Also, what will be the system, I will also tell you that one phase is being launched, three are being launched and the last phase is being launched, so this is the last launch and this is being launched first, then there are four boosters in it.  And I can do it differently  In time, this song is entering the machine for the first time, it is entering the machine for the last time, so in this way also, if you want to understand things, then you do WhatsApp so that whatever ticket size it is, expensive, cheap, very expensive, whatever project you want.  I will cover whatever suits you. Please WhatsApp me on the number given below. Due means Dwarka Expressway. Whatever is the nearest weekend or time of coming weekend, I will cover it and for 15 days I will cover Dwarka Expressway.  I will give full attention to all the questions and will cover them thoroughly. Whatever are your doubts, misconceptions, doubts, layout, understanding, whatever is there, these are nine questions which I cannot answer. Okay, so whatever doubts you want to clear, people please join and I will try to clear them.  Most of them are fine and if you haven't subscribed to the channel yet then do it. If you have done this yourself then go to Sango Real Estate and do it because in this  Specific project specific will also be a thing and there is a little bit of it in it, just like the entire real estate is there, like this channel is a buffet, Sagar Ratna type, eat South Indian, eat North Indian, whether you eat Bhature, eat Dosa, eat Puri.  Eat Puri, eat burgers, eat pizza, everything is there, that one is yours completely, Chana Bhature is available there, if there is nothing else, then enjoy that one too, enjoy this one too, the whole thing.  All are connected, enjoy, subscribe to the channel, like and share and go and like and share the same channel, it is like a small channel, it is like a small baby, it is just learning to walk, teach it to walk so much, 3000 subscribers.  It's been a week since it was launched. Okay, so go and increase its subscribers. Everyone will be interested in I am Real Estate. So tell me why to buy or not to buy. What happened sometime?  If you want to buy or sell, you will understand only then you will be able to do something. In the future, videos are being posted on him also. I thought of putting this one on it because he is a little rich, is it okay with him, so Dwarka Expressway, I am telling you all D is Indian all D.  Indian's there is same market called Dwarka Expressway in Gurgaon it is listed in Delhi NCR which is like your Omar like your Rajarhat in Kolkata OMR inch Chennai Hinjewadi in Pune  And hi-tech city in Hyderabad is fine and highway and Ahmedabad a new fresh alignment which will do well it's a green field development so everything is as average pipeline water pipeline road up and down everything is being built afresh so it is like catering for Will tell something to the people who will have the idea of ​​Pan India, I know about Hinjewadi, if I know about hi-tech, then it will play out such a story at these places.  You can also join those who are from abroad, who are Indians and who are NRIs, this is very good for them because this is a very good time, you have nothing to grow, there is nothing in the foreign country.  What is happening there is fine and there is genuine retirement here, so you should know about these things, sefev and NRI WhatsApp, NRI you are me because many NRI people are connected with me and it will feel very good if more people also connect, ok and many more.  People had a complaint about subtitles, that too, I am going to remove it soon. Subtitles etc. will also be included in the video. Those who come in English, many people can understand the international audience. Hey, those who have forgotten Hindi are also there for a few people.  English will be available to our South Indian brothers and sisters. It will also be available to them. Okay, it will start coming gradually. Next three to four months, I think most of the videos should have subtitles. Thank you.  Very Much