Hello friends, the name of the very interesting topic is 'Kudii ka hai jamana bhai', if I listen to it, what should I do? Which song of Govinda was it? Okay, my combo is both, don't get personal, do n't comment on me, I am a messenger, I am a mirror.  I am showing a mirror to the society, okay this is happening, if not then tell me, this will bring a lot of pain, do not watch it with tension, if you want to enjoy this video then go a little behind, a little behind like this  If you are relaxed then try it like this, what will we learn from Kudiya Ki Jaan, listen carefully, the story has been played out in China, what is the story in India, there is a big money system for boys and girls in China too, Chinese too.  He is no less than us, except he is also looking good, not now, now he is crying, okay and it is happening in India also, he used to come to North India, he was making flags i.e. volts in negative sense, what are the figures in all these programs? Was  What was the official status, what was the actual status, now you are getting to know. If you are from Delhi, from Haryana, from this belt or a North Indian, then listen to other people as well and understand in which direction the society is going. Why is it the era of bastards?  Yes, the boy's love is over, the boy is not getting married, the marriage is not happening, he is employed, the girls are asking for packages, the girls are sitting at home, doing nothing, they are asking for packages and there is no marriage.  doing  The boy is engaged in a physical job. The jobs in the world seem to be normal these days and the girls have the choice because brother, if they convert their time from Rs. 600 to Rs. 1000, then those girls who want to marry you in the same social setup, then they have the option.  There is a choice, she can select one of two, now she is feeling very hot in this matter that friend, you are not worth anything, you are sitting at home and you will select the rejection, see whose  Those boys who are getting packages, good government jobs, are officers in the group, have wives or are earning a good salary, they are not feeling much because there are four of them, but whoever is engaged in normal, one is good, one is normal, one is struggling.  This is not the story of those who struggle, the lights used to go out after the game was over, this campaign was started on this day, Haryana government had started it during open defecation free time, 5 years ago, in the house in which there is no toilet. If you people came to know about Haryana side people then write that brother wherever your is no toilet d girl will not get married d lado min d girl girl child is ok daughter will become d daughter in law ok now latest a gaya where there is no home  If you don't go to the boy's house separately, then the boys will have to settle down. Many boys will troll me. Someone troll me. If you find a very beautiful girl, then give me 10 buds, I have no issue.  But the problem is that the girl's parents now say, ' Brother, see the letter in the alert, even if the house is not ready, we will pay less. In 2 years, the position of the boy is required. If you want to marry your son today, then yes?  So I will take the example of China and tell you, this is happening there too, so a similar story is happening in China, Google the report in China, the boy who owns the house is the one getting married, people are working for the job these days.  They say it is raw  It is sure that you will not be left out, you will not be left out, what will happen, there is no guarantee, but the house is guaranteed, now you are a very financial influencer, stay on rent or not, my is, sport, match of fund and give this will, marriage is not there, it is not possible to get married.  As for the boys, do your SIP if you get married by showing the statement of mutual fund that brother, look at this, we have taken SIP now brother, ₹ 328016 ₹ 28000  And my return is 12.8% and the effect is to continue doing this for the next 15 years. I will have this. By doing this, if you get married then do it tomorrow. Show me four slips. Is this good or bad? Is it good in life? Is it okay or bad?  It is useless to discuss many times because it is what it is, sometimes what is, if something is pressed too many times then it strikes. Now those women who criticized the female in the womb should abort themselves.  They are roaming around with their health-destroying diseases in their 60s and late 50s. They should give birth to more boys and those girls who are doing call-da- shot, their soul is like that of the one whose female soul is the one who sits quietly anyway, she will not get anything in life.  Well, this is also a fact, but Karma is coming back, whatever is done is right today while sitting, what is right, will not be discussed again and again, should not happen, should not happen, will not be discussed, as per law, whatever happened earlier is also happening.  Should not happen If you ask me for my personal opinion, then there is an English saying, now what is its Hindi, you see, I do not know Hindi of all things, Shahrukh does not know English, it is okay, so you try it, but normally. What happens when the spring is pressed too much, then there is a strike back, that always comes, see in the society, when any section is suppressed for many years and when the situation changes, then this will happen to many people today.  On this day, boys will say, ' Dude, when we did the washing, our father, our grandfather or 100 years old men did this 70 years ago, what is our fault? Han Bhai, this is a story, it is not your fault, it is ok, it is not your fault. Apply for.  Respect things also which you do in the society and the next party. If someone had done ours then they would say I am yours brother, if it is happening here with you too then that is a big change in life, people say.  What you give comes around full circle What is the solution Is this just something that can be done Because India is progressing Many people My son should not stay with parents The video has been appreciated a lot Some people have not  They say that the values ​​are Indian, brother, when there is a poor country then the values ​​are said to be different, the rich countries have different values, okay remember this, not all values are stories and stories of helplessness are told when  This does not happen at home, it is said that staying in one leads to cold, body gets damaged, bones get damaged, this is such a luxury in India anyway, whatever makes you enjoy life for many years.  Should n't it be fun? She was always told to be dirty. Okay, this is a bad thing. Now what happened to the money? Everything has happened in the future, but she who thinks like us poor people, I am telling this to the country and the middle class, this poor man.  isn't that too  He is living in a separate room, he lives in one room, but the son, daughter-in-law and her children live in one room. There is only one room in their house, this is their room. They live separately in their house. This is only within the middle class, which has two rooms.  By joining, mother-in-law in one, mother-in-law in one means daughter-in-law in the other, and that and they live like this, it is not right at all, it is not good for health, it is not even for mental health, it is not even for physical health, it is good for enjoyment.  Are you old when you are old?  So the veil should be removed in front of the father-in-law, then you should wear the 'saadi' as soon as you wake up in the morning. Neither can you wear a nightie, nor can you wear a shot, nor can you wear jeans, nor can you wear a cut slip. Brother, this is ours, why is it like this brother, why is it hanging for the fit and for the father-in-law?  Also fit for him, why brother, now that to you, now you will say that no-no, girls have got jobs, girls have got jobs, they look after their parents too, why do boys, when they do jobs, look after them?  When parents expect that they will give money, then the girl does the job and she also gives the trouble and pain to the father. Make everything equal, don't you like this society? This is the first map called sanskar. This is the inversion of simple practices as sanskar. When did I convert? I don't understand. Sanskar is nothing, otherwise this is the world of girls. Accept it, it is a very good thing. Bow down a little to the power of women. If you adjust, life will be good. One thing.  I will tell you if you can understand what you give to women in today's time 2022 is ending 23 is starting Whatever you give it to your wife will make it 10x and give it back you be very careful what you give it to Every time will be of every choosing place will be of every choosing and umpire will strike back for sir ok he has good intention  How can I leave it, leave it, think once with your mind, this is the era of [ __ ], it is going to last and now whatever I say is the era of [ __ ], it will not bring out the pain of big women. Hey, what kind of era is this here, Han ji, that you.  If it is a little old model, then it is okay, then it is not yours, you are a 1980s model, a 70s model, early 90s, very early nineties, you are a little old model, not your era, I am talking about today's earrings. Latest models around 2000 plus minus three years after 1997, do it Jain ji, do it, it's okay, it's their era, it's their era, it's a call, it's a shot, it's a world where boys will cry, mine will cry a lot, I know girls will die.  But I am telling you this when you can't beat dem by joint dem there is a saying if you can't beat someone then join it is not necessary what is the benefit of marrying the one who is the nearest rival  He is attracted to you in your thinking, he is good to see while sitting in practical sanskar, if he has good thinking then girls are getting attracted towards him, girls have the choice, this is the era of girls, so why are you facing problems instead of those girls? Give, improve yourself, improve, attract, people go towards my spouse, tell me that I am good, hey, do good to yourself, you will get good, you cannot change the look too much, but little beat, weight is too much.  Let it increase, keep it clean, everything looks fine at 25-26 years, after that you will fall down. If you feel fine at 24, 25, 26, then I will never fit. Generally, I don't have bed habits and the smell that comes out of the mouth and here is the smell.  Whatever it is, fix it a little, you will get girls and they must have given the control of their mind to their man and father and will be acting according to them, so brother, today you will get a girl. You will not get it, you will remain as Shravan Kumar for how many more days will you tell your parents that it is not fun, so we will find a girl from somewhere and we will tell you, wait, wait, wait, should the house be there, should you take me next door?  I understand that boys cannot survive without their parents, but how do many boys who work here and there live? So whatever I am saying to you as a man or father, if you separate your children. Not around home purchase  If you give Rs 500,700,1500 or 7-8000 km away from you, if you live in Delhi, Gurgaon, if you live in North India, then he will go to Pune, Bengaluru, Mumbai, Hyderabad, if you put in too much trouble, he will go to Toronto, Toronto, this is America, America.  It will go away and will come again otherwise open your eyes boys the writing is on the wall I found a 55 year old lady, were we talking on the phone then this  As the discussion took place, he said that ours is bigger and we will have to serve our daughter-in-law. We were born in Bengal in the 40s. Famine was there, but what do we call the land? If we were born trapped in famine at the wrong place at the wrong time, then yours too is like this.  You are also a fool there and you are still feeling stupid but you improve your thought process now, you don't serve but you do n't get anything, natural friend is normal, I just don't understand this.  Here comes the word 'seva', why is it so misused? Serve your daughter-in-law, if she doesn't, then serve her. Take your bath, food and drink everything as your own. Who needs service, serving is very less of a compulsion in the life of 15 or 20 years.  Old age is such a time, if you are 68 years old, then you are not getting young. If you live till 95, then do not think that someone has to serve you for 27 years, that 27 years is 27.  Do n't misunderstand that when a year old will be 54 years old, the last service will be in the last three-four years of life and when that service is done in three-four years, neither you will be 95 years old nor your child will also be 7172 years old.  It has been kept that how much service will the person of 7172 do, you can see if those who are listening to me are living and those who have their own 6870 and their parents are living, if I take it from someone, then see yours.  How much power is there in the body, only money does it, it is service and only some outsourcing person will do it, then keep your thought process, this is the world of dolls and one who gets chilli, then it is okay, if someone gets chilli, then that is also a good thing, ok, enjoy.  The time will come for this and this time of girls will come, only through this something will happen in the society which will lead us towards progress. The houses where women are not happy, those houses can never bring happiness. Those houses which are not happy, those houses can never progress. That  There is no progress in the country at the family level and household level, so when I reverse engineer it, then progress must happen at the family level and progress can never happen at the family level if the women are not happy there. They may have 10,000 reasons, it is okay and they will have to be made happy, if we have to take the country forward, that freedom and that will have to be given to us, this is an attack on Patria's key, I am not attacking it.  It has already happened naturally, it has happened everywhere in the West, it is happening here, now you have to see what this attack means, on which side you have to do it, that is to be seen. According to me, don't consider gender as verses, all the relationships that are there are of your mother.  She is with her daughter, she is with her sister, she is with his wife, okay so this woman is not like that, it is a different planet and different close relationships, everyone loves their man, everyone should love their wives, not everyone does.  but should do Everyone loves daughters, everyone operates on sisters too and it should be done, it is okay, we should love, we should show respect, we should support and we should not climb into the world of bastards. It is okay, we should not raise too many such flags in our country, it should be done on time.  Preyaki has done something great, now let's see, if the era of bad guys comes to doobie dub, gather and don't be, you mean, will see, I don't know if this still out country will do but something.  How you are changing, you are changing and you cry, but this is the retirement that I am telling you, you will have to do this, otherwise your son will not get married, it is a fact, cry so much, cry so much, it will not happen in the middle class but in the lower.  In the class, we are living separately. In the rich class, we have separate houses. Please ask your maid who sweeps, mops and utensils. Today, I am listening to you and live in North India and till the time the maid comes, ask in the evening.  Whatever her name is, where do you live, does your mother-in-law live right on your roof, yes, we are different because I have done a lot of research, not only one of my own maids, but I have visited many places and go and groom all the stages.  Give only up and down open no left right open open open open small small things that are okay, there is one room somewhere, there is attached toilet somewhere, there is nowhere attached in the kitchen, there is nowhere but they are having there on setup nine on space on  Setup and there very happy and dice is also happy's date sheet go and this we have made something like this that mother-in-law will live with father-in-law, oh they are also hanging fit brother, that budda-guddi needs space for its privacy d man d father-in-law needs Seven need a separate room because they also need their own space, but one has to watch Aastha channel, one has to watch the T20 match, one has to do something to stop snoring.  Now people are jumping on this issue, values ​​are being separated. When the country becomes rich, money goes and gets separated. Buy only one car, buy one desire. Big car is good, no, it has to be bought because of functionality, because the boy has a job.  But going from behind, if you need a car or want to go somewhere, then take two down, similarly, the house has also been retired, have you kept money somewhere special, that is a matter of separate discussion, if you cannot buy a big house, then buy two small ones.  can't take her place  You can take it at some other place, 5 kilometers away, 10 kilometers away, but now that girl will have to be separated and from the girls too, she is pink until your surgery, if your choice is going to be fulfilled, this is the era of girls and when  Some other scene was going on outside. When a boy was born, it was said that it was okay that thali was played. If it was a girl, there was no thali. Such a thing of the society, the words I am saying to her are showing a mirror. 50-50 is fine, so there is no need to have it in that too. Okay, that is a lot, it is a matter of great difficulty, I try to do it as a joke so that there is no tension, but brother, the syllabus is changing.  Or is it not happening? Why is the syllabus changing painful? Who must be enjoying it? Because whenever there is a syllabus change, it happens. Many students like it. Why some do not like it. Depending on when and what. How was one studying and what was the syllabus, but the syllabus is changing, this is a noisy thing, if you do not adjust with the changing syllabus, then you will be scattered in the game of life. Boys, you married her, otherwise she wanders in frustration.  Why won't you marry a boy, but you have kept him in your skull, he doesn't come, the girl's parents say, this boy is like this before marriage, later I will get married, what is missing, they say, what do we have?  There is a shortage of girls, there is a shortage of sons, we have no shortage of girls and no shortage of boys, and the thing which is not in shortage travels and the thing which is in shortage, its value increases. For example, there is gold. If there is a shortage of gold, then Gold is expensive, if the shortage of silver is less then silver is cheap and if there is a severe shortage of diamond then it is expensive. It is simple demand supply and one thing which is Demographic Dividend. I will not call it but I have not done or happened anything good.  Demography is playing, so what happened in that, a 29 year old man married a 24 year old girl, then he married the next one, in 93, Man Lo was at the worst. Let's talk about 93, when the government started taking shape.  When I woke up from sleep and all that happened, the 93 guy would marry 97 girls and marry many 98 girls, so when the time comes for the 97 guy to get married, he would be 97 98 99. She is missing, she got married first, now she is a missing girl child, those missing girls of 90s are coming to you especially in North India and this is how you are going, financial misery, we are very happy that a boy has been born, we are very happy.  Neither is your support of ₹ 1 in her income nor will you have to buy a separate house for her and if you want to marry her, then it is either reverse dowry, nor God has given it to me, nor is it a smart method.  They are playing with the rules and regulations of you, Jin Jin did it, tell me how did you like the video, is it okay, will there be any change, will there be any understanding, will there be understanding, will nothing wrong be reduced, they will say what was our mistake, that will all be piscenge na that  Kya chakki mein ghun pistachio hai aate saath date is happening it is all demand and supply never cry on demand and supply you have you improve your quality so tha people get  The key to attract you is your thought process. The better your thinking, the better your thoughts will attract. Girls will come, beautiful will also come, polite will also come, good will also come. You have to change, you have to spend a little money and do this if you are feeling stressed. Change your bad thoughts.  I'm feeling stressed in doing something, I'm feeling stressed in doing some expenses, so stay sitting bachelor, keep crying, keep posting, this is nonsense on social media, this is nonsense, girls are useless, all nonsense  Why does she have to get married, how will you get her on time, if she were there today and she is so missing, till date no government has had the courage to release the data, nor has the society done so, her things have just been hidden, she is the one who is missing.  All that is, his sex will change him in a way for his gender, he has picked up the natural in time, he has turned him, he is going to the boundary line and and if this catch or six is there then the commentator is neither getting him out nor the six.  It is killing me, I am telling you what is happening, I am telling you what I have seen and you people are agreeing with it, there is a shower of comments on me, YouTube has become so good that videos come and comments of all the well educated logical people.  Yes, that one or two percent comes, but that is tax, I consider it as tax, if there is anything, then something like this will happen, but 98% 99% POS people write sensible things and that helps me in refining the thought process. Or it helps in serving you people well again. And please, my request is that you guys comment in the comment section. Comment openly. The video may be big or small but it is very important for the society. These are reform things in a way. I am doing it, I am doing it, I am doing it, I have you change with the times, there is no choice, there is just no choice, I wish, people can wish, Patria's can wish, brother, just like that.  Respect should be achieved and grandfather is sitting, everyone is doing less, it is communism, I took everyone's salary in my pocket and then I gave it to my pocket and everyone greets like this, it is fun to do the same to the one who was running the world when the houses were in villages.  I and in India, take this or that and this sanskar, we had fooled the people by wearing make-up, now that is not going to work, it's okay, now it's the era of [ __ ], this country is okay, I feel that this will take me to the right place.  This is a personal opinion, I feel it is right because where we are going, we are not going anywhere, it is ok now, I hope I will be able to do well, thank you.