Hello friends, this is a video to tell about the horoscope matching which we do before marriage, what is wrong with it and what is its correct method. Till date I do not think any astrologer has told this thing because there is more harm in telling it.  If everyone is fine, then I don't want to harm everyone. Of course, this video is not going to bring him 10 lakhs, nor do I have any misunderstanding about it, but if my subscribers understand one thing, then I want to tell about Kundli Milan.  Kundli Milan Bhai Saheb Kundli got guns 36 guns were found 36 guns are not found normally there are 36 total guns Okay then we will discuss whether there is something wrong in it Bhai Saheb 28 guns were found Divorced Bhai Saheb 31  It was the month of June, I became a driver, the story is told that only nineteen guns were found but if the marriage is going well then all this is nonsense DJ.  Astrology: Those of you who want to learn astrology can take platinum membership. I want to learn it in a good way, but I am going to tell you something for free here. Listen carefully, what happens when a boy and a girl are love marriages?  What do we look at the girl? We look at the girl's boy. Whose salary is so much? How is the family? The year is going well. It is going well. Let's talk. Hey, it is going well. Let's do it. Okay, so let's set everything up.  After that, the horoscope is made, whenever you look at the horoscope, something will be mixed, there will be some result, then you will say yes, then what is wrong in it, what is this wrong, so first of all, we will try to answer the question that what is this?  Marriage is RD, it is predestined, they are made once and fixed on the individual, it is a choice, it means whether it is your wife or your husband, it was already fixed, it was from someone, it was not from someone else, there was power.  This thing has already been fixed, it is already fixed that this will lead to marriage and divorce and then the second one is also fixed that this will happen and the third one will also happen, so it also lasts for three days. Have you seen that it is already fixed or the man?  If it is in the hands of a person, then let's discuss this also, it is very important now because there is a lot of doubt in this too, so I have to tell you that getting married is in the hands of a person, he can do it with anyone, it seems to a person that he is richer than a beautiful girl.  I will marry your girl like this  If I do it then I will definitely benefit like this, he thinks, but if it is not meant to happen then it will not happen, even if I do it with him, it will not happen, so now I am coming to tell you what is the right way, in the beginning I will tell you that the life of all of you is a horoscope and  Kundli Milan, either brother, don't get confused in these threads, don't get confused in these cycles, now do it with anyone and say Jai Ram ji, it's okay, we, I don't want to put us in this cycle, but what is the problem with the people? Putting people in the cycle are also other wrong ways.  From  Have to put it and then claim astrology, that is not acceptable to me, don't do it, no, don't believe, it is a very good thing, do it with anyone from any country, do 10 marriages, do whatever you want, but you are doing it, you don't even know the other way.  Even if you don't know, then the method is the right method, whether you are a boy or a girl, 18-19 years old, do n't come to me, no one is forcing me, okay, I am teaching Jyoti, okay, I don't want to take people for consultation in the middle of my video. I does  Not only this, I also tell the students the same thing, it is okay and I also tell the students that I do not do that, I want to learn, it is okay because I have gone through what is called, so you understand, the biggest thing from here is that like your horoscope.  Is n't it your wife, whether it is your wife or husband, a pen picture of her has been made, yet your story is not being talked about, you are Rohit, you are Neha, so Rohit is being told that brother, you are your wife, right? you can marry anyone  It's a free bill activity happening, it's not like that, there is no enmity out there, you have a lot of choice, you have a lot of choice, but if your wife is from an ordinary family and the wife is going to be less and has a slightly dark face, her complexion will be very fair.  He will not be fair and his nature should be a little motherly that you are sitting, if there is something spiritual then your marriage will go well. He made a paan picture that this one is the best, now you can make him a paan picture in the real world. Find someone matching with you and get married. Your marriage will go smoothly but people do reverse engineering. I want a fair girl with a dimple on the left cheek. Mother, she is absolutely non-interfering and such a judge type, you all are mine, I want company like this, those parathas. Give me a suit, give me an aarti, make a good head, give me chutney, give me laddus, I want a girl like this, Dimple, father, she should be a good worker and a wife, she should also be able to live with my mother.  So, make a list of the programs you are asking for, whether you will get married this much or not, now you will not get this much and if you get it, then it will not be the best for you because you got married thinking that the father is rich but the father is rich for his wife and his son.  And don't do it for your daughter-in-law for your son-in-law, what will you do and there are many such people and their dominance is also their network. They call you and call you, that would be cheating. You had gone to find out your best and then you got this horoscope.  Now, what is wrong with the horoscope, what is it nowadays that earlier when a horoscope was divided here, there were different guns out of 36, out of them, some are getting eight numbers, some are getting like this, you will see Bhakul river and that compatibility and That is, all that is available to you for free, but I am Guru ji, I am telling you, listen carefully, first the child will be born, that caring dee is the biggest wage of this couple because it was said that if there is no child in the chest, then marriage.  How will it work if you have given him eight numbers, that is, if he is not of Nadi Dosh, then eight numbers are available to you and there you have given two numbers. Today, if I am not compatible with anyone, then I cannot keep him.  The child will come later, there needs to be some compatibility to have a child, it is not like this nowadays, earlier it used to be like this, first the girl came, first there was the child, then compatibility was there, then there was the good caste, this was the system, so she was the fox, so meet her on this.  had kept this  28 30 You are sitting in a gun lake, do n't be so happy because your marks have been cut, they have been cut in the place which matters most, maybe even a bigger astrologer, I am also speaking to the astrological fraternity, are you a big astrologer?  Can we change this in 2023? Everything that is written according to the scriptures, everything that is written in beef, does it not change with time?  It will happen because in this matter of 36 times, many people get married with 28 and then things are going wrong, so should we show that Nisha to astrology, there will be no amendment, is there amendment in the Constitution, is there amendment in science, is there amendment in everything. Because this will not happen here, has this become the law at all? Shouldn't we change our wisdom from our intellect from our brain to our intellect? I also request my fellow astrologer. Now I am alone, how am I late in my counseling by changing my level to a private level, I have made it with my daughter that I know that this thing is important today, today there are many people who are not even children.  If you want to give birth even after 5 years, then you are going to take the wage of having a child, when there is no value for it, here marriages are breaking and diversity is happening and conflicts are happening, then first.  It is happening in three to six months. In the first three, it did not even get on the track. The car is on the track and keeps getting down. Within 6 months, the house may have been divorced in two to three years, but that story never got up and got going. Why not because this is not a Kundli matching, if it goes wrong then sister you are a girl or something and by having pain the picture is not right for you friend because if you are sitting with Ketu but example.  I will not get too technical because most of the people do not know what it is. If you are sitting with the combination of planets on Rahu Ketu and Saturn, then if there is mother lo detachment in it and it is a factor of divorce and discord, then it also has different significance.  It is like Ketu has another significance apart from separation, spirituality, so if you marry a little spiritual boy or girl, then the marriage will go well, now this 24 25  Finding a spiritual person at the age of 26 is not the only thing, but some are found by searching. If you know that you are roaming around with this thing and you are roaming around with this energy, then you have a dissatisfaction.  Your spouse or you will be satisfied with your posted satisfaction, but if that spouse has come out like this or whatever, I will not make it very technical but I am telling it on the basis of example, then you can tell someone of yours.  After writing the question paper, it is a little spiritual, if it gives a little, then it will do fine and if it feels like a mother, then I am of the same opinion that brother, either you have to kill, then do it as per the procedure or leave it, then I will.  I am saying that trust is also a very big thing, apply Guru Tattva also, do Om Namah Shivay, do trust, Jai Shri Ram, do anything, do whatever you want, do whatever you do, doubt is going on, seeing that there is something wrong, there is power and  You are looking for security, this is wrong in horoscope matching, let me tell you because you are not doing it properly, it has no meaning, is there any meaning, is it that which comes from nature and compatibility, because look, I am telling you a simple thing.  You see this, you see about compatibility and love, there is a lot of love, I try to understand it in a different way, a little scientific way, you will understand, love and compatibility, love has happened, if mother lo, religion is also not there.  It is not related to food and drink, it is not related to relations, it is not related to customs, otherwise compatibility issues will arise. Can you physically stay with someone at home? You are not compatible with his/her hygiene issues. He/she has food and drink issues at his/her thought process level.  The issues are non-vegetarian and vegetarian cannot mean non-veg. Now, when you were in love, these issues did not arise when you lived in your own home.  Now the issue has come but the example is that the boy leaves in love and comes to his family, the family members will not leave him for his non-veg daughter-in-law, so either give him a separate house and call him husband, brother, I want to leave your non-veg house too.  I give it separately but how much will you compromise in marriage because look at the compatibility. Edit marriage is an adjustment. There is no doubt about it. If everyone has to live in two families, then one has to adjust but adjust.  There is a limit to what I can do, I should adjust my food and drink, I should adjust my traveling too, I should adjust my friends and my friends too. If I adjust everything, then I will be fancy fit, otherwise I will feel that I am  So I am not breathing, everything is for this, he is still not happy, so that thing will have to be addressed first, at least less than love will do, if there should be compatibility, then love can happen later also. Love is what they call it, isn't it what they call it at home because even if there is a dog for how long, I will not call my wife a dog, but love falls in love with anyone, after a while both should be compatible, so compatibility is not possible.  Everyone is going on greed, they want to be rich, he is a very rich and handsome boy, but they put a character and he slips, he is weak, he smells, now he will marry you, now he has cleared all the ticks for you, he is handsome, he is rich, he has money too.  have good breath She also doesn't do it but her husband's challan is not good otherwise where will you go friend then what will happen to you what will happen to you you tell me date this pain and problem of people this what address when I teach horoscope to meet and get married  Where can one accept marriage? Even accepting marriage is a huge karmic relief. It is very difficult for the astrologer to accept because he will save the karmas that you have to spend. He is taking it upon himself, if you understand.  Normally, do nobody's stories, everyone says it but no one will believe it, you will go to him by conservation, many people have done this by showing their horoscope, but if you say honey, then you will give yes's, you will give yes's from there and only those who eat yes are sitting, there is no benefit.  It is not in the actual even if you pay a lot of money it is not there because it is also on top of that, I will explain it in detail sometime, without me I will tell you this thing, this horoscope is being mixed wrong, this I am telling you is wrong.  Kundali Milan is being matched in this way, it is a very costly think, this is not a 112100 ka, the first offer, everybody can not afford it, you can't afford it, don't get into this, only please give it, and my anybody with any faith is fine, Guru will be fine, no marriage.  It will happen but you are getting very greedy in it, the girls are very greedy, the boys are also greedy and if I check then let me know and  If I show one side of the bank, the girl's people are more greedy. They fear that they don't know who will come and what they will do. The girl's people are less greedy. Nowadays, the latest data of April 2013 is telling me that marriage market is happening in the market. I don't know what is needed, the girl will also have to struggle, happiness is equal, there is no such difference between a boy and a girl, I hope you understand this thing, want to understand it in detail, take platinum membership, ok and live your life. Control it and it takes time to understand the whole thing because these are oxymorons because it is very difficult. If you have been proposed, the girl is beautiful, she is from a rich family, everything is going well for her, she is not like this. Marrying a girl who is not that beautiful in appearance or whatever it's not because it's because you have to judge your nature, your nature, your true nature, what is the true nature of your son or daughter, what is her nature.  If it is a little different then it will be set with a little different. Now that little bit which is different may be as per your parameters of the society. You may not get less in the merit list, but less in the merit list also means more stability.  If I want to speak, it is power to go to New Delhi, this thing can be understood, thank you.