Loot Namaskar friends, what is today's topic, is this topic from home in this house, definitely watch till the end, you will get to learn something realistic, there was a consultation, a family from Delhi should be shifted to Gurgaon office, Sunday tablet, this is builders and our there.  Want to sell from, the boy is newly married, no they wanted only ice and some Delhi, if you buy subscription then you can easily buy one of the subscription, if people want then I told people  I will tell you some consultation that I have [Music] Subscribe Niyudh Today this family is subscribing and doing so, can you give it or are you putting it in the situation or can you give this knowledge to anyone, then please listen.  So I told him that if you will take a floor of 263 gazwa then you will like it, it will be big but there are three rooms in these rooms, this daughter-in-law will also stay with you, so many regrets now with us.  If it remains the same then the biggest problem is that in the beginning new people do it like this, what else happens and listen to what madam knows, shade individuality cannot come in the remaining space, you 10 are relative, that is not in the space.  It is possible that there is no meaning of big in it, you work in a very big office but when you sit, you have a space of 30 feet in three, then this big office has no meaning for any lady, new bride.  She will respect her husband, who has already done this on 15 August, but it is the 15 o'clock of the new bride on whom the room is coming in her share. No wife respects her husband.  This thing comes after six months or 12 months, why does it happen, let me tell you all rich men buy houses and make them houses, the man wants to buy a house, the woman makes the house and how is the house built, that woman can be any woman, she should have her own.  The leaves are to be planted as per one's wish, the color is to be kept as per one's wish, the time of coming and going of the maid will be as per one's wish, the food can be eaten as per one's wish, any relative of hers can come as per her wish, she can go without any restriction, she needs the freedom to go anywhere, this is a  Basic: Our 2022 is coming, its template has been made, if you will not respect this plate, then you are a poem for class, she can wear native clothes as per her wish, she can wear as per culture as per her wish, but let her keep her private space.  Noodles, skirts and short paintings are not allowed in the room. They are not to be erased from inside the room. I also want to tell this thing to the parents that now what I do according to them is that they should live with their son and daughter-in-law first of all.  So there was a movie Saath-Saath of 1992 movie of Farooq Shaikh and Deepti Naval ji, the song in it was 'Aap, this is your house, this is my house, this house is very beautiful', it was not in it 'This is your house, this is my house, this is your father's'.  This is your mother's song, this is your brother's house, there are many people, brothers too, he has 14 elders too, it is okay, there are too many issues inside, robbers, swelling, want to Vinod, the head master, coming and going in the school, as much time as it takes, my channel, it's all.  About Family and Family Status Nirvah Barse Bharat Singh Who will be the owner of the fridge inside Roopchand Which fruits will come, where will they be eaten The stomach of you who sleeps wakes up early  I don't even get sleep in the morning, sleep is so good and if I go early in the morning then I will wake up early in the morning and make noise, the mixer will also be running, there must be noise, then we will see, not very much, son has been sleeping for how long, son is a son and very few will wake up.  If we want, we have prepared it ourselves. Now we will prepare some breakfast also. It is better to prepare this also. The privacy of your new couple is required to be hundred percent, in some circumstances, like the wife is also doing jobs and should do it and that too.  I always promote on the channel that for working ladies, the husband will help her in something, only then if the wife becomes unwell, he will start making tea, then you will see that he is making tea for the wife, but not for us, or for our hair. No, the Amazon can remain happy all the time due to scrutiny and judgment, that is why I am saying that the house has been built, but whether it has become a house is the topic.  They live under the same roof separately, so even if I go towards the same solution, the tension in that mix always keeps simmering. Those people in English understand the meaning of simmer, stay there, the milk has spilled and there is tension in it. Father goes near me. Got this house by 27 in the evening that the youth will get it. You wish that your parents will go away. You stayed in the house and will go. Don't want to live in this subscribe 27 house.  You don't have to stay down, in that you progress further. Once your money is saved, but when the marriage collapses, I will make a video on it. It is not a term investment. If the child comes tomorrow, we always need each other. Breath is needed for enjoyment.  The son will always need his parents, the parents will also need him, so stay close to him Deendayal is the Vice President, Firoz has taken three BHK in, took three BHK in and money for affordable is also saved here. Got 3BHK here, got gas here, got a basement, got placement, got this by mixing the juice of meet this, this got this 140 how 140 how 140 how friends, Asirgarh thing 263 graduate program was going on and in that 263 also I am you that you want builder.  The dark truth of the floor, some of the structures of the tanker, many people of the village can see the chilli in it. When the polling officer told that thing about what is happening inside the builders, then everyone understood that  It is not that we will not be able to fight the war on our own, it means that we have got hatred in it, there is no right to subscribe to the rebellion in it. Many people say in many places that the people appointed for a heinous work, does it become special for the mother and son or the mother -  Son's become special and not daughter's, then in many cases it is said that she will remain alone, father will be her father next, then return to complete her. Send a clear message. Keep the parents within your 5 to 10 minutes. Keep the parents and their children within 5 to 10 minutes and within 10 20 30 kilometers. If subscribe, everyone sleeps at night in their respective homes and the grandchildren in their heart.  -There are grandchildren, they can be taken away anytime, they have been appointed and made, and the husband and wife are there, how much space will they get for themselves, should they ever roam around in Ghagra, have they left it, okay granny? Addition Haldi has ok so tomorrow I am speaking with her with love can use other for practice ever lost disease you are Ashwin 3750 second shift that when this tube's stand with your deeds and poors which you a  If young people cross you, you cannot handle them. They are your narcissists. They are leaving their children. If you have been with me for so many years, then you will not be able to handle them, who are your grandchildren.  These templates look good, I was also telling that whether they had come or not, I took them in my lap and did that because of that little breakdown, now if only less of your children can do that, then those grandchildren are also less.  With time, half a liter is a lot in the beginning, after that the policy space that I am emphasizing on is why you people should get it, give it one after the other, then not in one bowl, the expenses are increasing, it is a TV program.  Want to watch some of my channels and one more  It seems interesting in your own way that in the film you are getting 75 lakh people's Qawwali subscription. The question is that if you ca n't get one thing, then how did you guys like this idea, did you like it and which is the reason for today's investment?  It is traditional in nature, it gives the feeling of an additional open space, you can go inside it and do work from home, you can do anything like this, then the messages are very clear, please do not focus.  Find their house and immediately any of our relatives from the house will come and check where we live, so we 188 by three these people live in the face that is not come in that if where do you live, as I have told you earlier, if your It is Google's building and it is in a very big office and in it you are not getting even a table space, it is difficult to keep even a laptop, but it is better than this that you are getting an office in a small building and it has one square meter.  Notice a better when you get your tablet Raw on the place, you have taken the contract, that the building is very good, yes, it is very good, to tell the relatives, I work here, but he will say, come on, see, there is work, you have a meeting, so then you are practical OTP, see that you are not able to live together.  That is a common question, why doesn't she even take a breath, why is she not mine, to play vande and women from house to house, it is in my DNA since childhood, there is a story in my childhood that my printing shining arm will come and take me to the castle.  When he goes to the room at 15 o'clock, his dream is broken. When a woman's dream is broken, a man cannot remain happy. This is a pack. You are breaking the dream of your woman and keeping her. Think more about whether something will happen in your life or not, uncle.  I will be very happy, father will be happy, I, husband will be happy, if you are not happy, then he will eat real estate somewhere, the solution is, why don't he take big or small, then tell how did you like this video, please do write in the comment section. Subscribe to the channel and please share. Life practices this on its family group that it has nothing to do with the house in which one has to live. The head of ₹ 100 is dry. Vidya Abe will have to live in the house. Even when you live peacefully at home, you will be able to create a will. The young generation is very greedy. They are very greedy for the money of the older generation. Due to that greed, they take wrong decisions.  40,50,000 people are going, 70,80,000 people, a salary of one lakh rupees, Deendayal, don't think about whether it is super or not, you take your 10,20 lakhs and share it with Papa, the owner of your wife, 263 please-please [music] In the subscribe returns, it was complete, there is a problem, in many places Delhi's own people get this, how should they do it, Patwari is there, there is a separate issue on that.  I will make a video and explain it separately and if you like the messaging and understand it well, then I will like the request and please share it in the comment section. Thank you.