Hello friends, do you give gali, listen to this gali, there are people in two categories and many of one category who do less for both, this is a very important video, youth also have to give, children have to give, parents have to see, everyone has to circulate in the society.  This video is our responsibility, this is a big disease which we have to remove from our country and today I am making its video. Till date there has never been such a discussion on YouTube. Subscribe to the channel. Looking forward, I was thinking of making youth pay on my second channel Clarity, but give it to me, I made it on me, this is a bigger channel because this one has a little bit of me, that content is also long with old knowledge, so it fits here alone, so we  We will discuss. We will discuss it. We will discuss it. We will discuss it at six points. I will tell you well. If you give, then why do you give? Shouldn't you give? And if you listen, then  Why should you not listen and what should be done, then you will get good clarity. Many people will say no, brother, we do not like it, but how to say it like this, all those questions will be answered for you, if there is any kind of confusion in your ears. Or if you are narrating, then for you, if you look at the youngsters, when does the trend start, when they get a new freedom, in their childhood they are told not to speak like this, not to speak like that, no parents of theirs  Don't learn to abuse children. Today I will teach you five things directly. You have to learn that abuse and all these things also happen in homes. Children also become witnesses. So as soon as he tells in college, this eagle among the boys, women also have to learn.  There have been and girls are also coming, so it is not that it is a completely matching domain, but it has been in the mails for many years, earlier there are more but there are other genders too within themselves, so when boys want to learn friendship among themselves in company.  Gali akele mein koi gali nahi deta na movement de meet de bill him this one n kal slide naam ncbc or meaning anything else do it they will do it all and it is considered as a complete call and if anyone feels strange and they say then  He said to him, "Hey man, what are the people of Delhi talking about now and there was Rocky Rani movie, I am from Delhi, so am I the day, I mean, the people of Delhi have the right as if there was a dialogue in the movie too that it should not be given like this."  it's been this People have become decent, meaning that if we are getting mixed, then you are not supposed to be fleet also because it is like fruit in de blanc. What harm is being done because of this? First of all, there is little difference in moral science teacher, I always give practical advice only. Capillary is getting exhausted, we don't even know how to speak because in everything we have to do it as a customer and when we are sitting in a formal setting, wearing a suit and a tie, we do it in a shirt and sitting in an interview.  If he is taking it, then he will put it like a dog, but when we ask questions, you will not know how to talk normally, you will not be able to speak without a line, now you know that this person is sitting, then he should not do the lane, if he does not do it then  She didn't even speak a line, caste, this is the condition of communication skills, she does n't even know articulation, ca n't talk logically, can't reason, so look how much loss is being caused just because you called her.  You learned the ropes because you thought that in life you don't have to take exams, you have to do academics, brother, since you have grown up to earn money, it is earned through words only. Become anything, at such a place, show any kind of degree. Ultimately, note only with open mouth.  Earn money, take up a job, take up a business, own it, do the economy, do less, and when you don't know how to forget it, it gets taken out of you in every tax line, like a small child's money is taken out.  By the way, the most important D of war goes and I will address the elders also, it is not like that there are elders too and I will address the defaulters also, if it comes out of the mouth like this, then this is the biggest, wherever the tongue gets spoiled, Lakshmi ji will not come.  Even Saraswati will not come, now you will say no, I know him, he is such a big street hawk, he says in every way that he has a lot of money, go and see how much it lasts, how much happiness there is and how much trouble there is in the house and what a thing Puri is.  Look at Lakshmi ji in totality, this note is only money, the worship of Lakshmi ji, Ganesh ji is the symbol of patience because when we go out on the streets, the biggest thing is that we do not have patience for anything, that means there is no Ganesh element.  If there is no wisdom, there is no knowledge, that is, if Saraswati ji is also not there, then Lakshmi is there, because whoever you follow in Sanatan, all three are worshiped in words, if they are not separate, then you can speak your tongue.  Consciously eating my life is bad, about 43 days, that is, about 6 weeks, 43 days, mark it in the calendar, do not utter any words from your mouth, these are magic happenings in life, okay it is difficult, not that difficult, people wrote in the screen saver.  Bill Note Abuse: People should write in the room, tell all their family members, dog and it is also on the company, I will tell further if this is a disease of street giving, it seems normal in the beginning. Continue normally, it is seen that after crossing 36 inches, people give fewer lanes, they automatically become a struggler in life, a fox gets changed in life, a little knowledge goes into the person who becomes a doctor, then on the default setting, that of normal people.  I will catch it, here the street gives a little less but there are many who keep giving, they give too much, they have a warning that the weather time hits 50 and 60, they give the bill, they have psychological  Issues, whatever has been seen, whoever gives too much to the streets, is anger and pain, he is venting it in the form of streets, I will tell you what to do next, but I will tell you a secret, today for the streets, a guru element will wake up by looking into the eyes of all the people.  Only a Guruji can tell this thing, listen carefully to the men, I am telling you that you have done a lot to your mother and sister, they are based on the genital organs of the female, there are too many of them.  Today, because they give you the gal to show the week to the next man, to show the glory to the next man, for you they give the man to feel something dirty, right? Our woman, meaning the female gender, refers to the genital organs of that person.  After doing it and on the basis of this worth crores of crores, listen carefully today which are the genitals of a woman, they are the strongest think in this world, meaning in terms of human body, they bear the most pain during child delivery in life. From where they have the capability of other human being to be the worst. Know that pain is the pain of delivery, it is labor pain. Tell me, men should know this. Maybe some poor woman should explain it, and there is no one who understands here in India who talks like this.  There is no one in Sharma Sharmi, there is no maximum pain in your tooth, because root canal is 10 times more painful than a tooth, man, man cannot understand, no, there is no reference for three men, there is pain in pain.  It happens to be 104, it is too much, so I am telling this and the man's genitals are the biggest, the man who has so much power and the woman who has sexual power in terms of body is the strongest there. So please change this next time, that is strength and I am telling all the women also that I am just strength and if you repeatedly use words like this then many programs will be spoiled for you too. I would like to go ahead and tell you right now that  If  If someone insults you like this and you feel hurt, then friend says this jokingly, then you say that this is not friendship, I will not note this, think this, oh friend, what do you say to me, if you don't know how to speak or this is a joke to you.  It's like I don't find it funny, give one to three warnings, after that you cat lo because these people abuse a lot like this, they are less in creativity, less in time, less in all things.  There is this negative energy due to frustration in their life. This is a signal because no report card comes out. The communication skills of a person are poor by nature. These people are frustrated by their nature. They should not keep company. Just someone will ignore you or some big person will ignore you.  So you go to him and ask him directly, sir, is any of your programs bad, are there any sexual issues, are you thinking a lot about sex and are feeling a lot of frustration, then he will become strange, if he feels like this, then tell him to be nervous, sir.  The story you are giving in all the streets, there is no sexual element involved in the story, there is no sexual act involved in the mind, do not hold any cheek and embrace like this very coolly, very coolly, you have to embrace like this, what is the problem with that too?  It's the time of the day, everything is here, there is less talk, so many mothers are so dirty, you have made me angry, that means every time you get angry, frustration has come, okay?  This is how anger comes, frustration comes, bitterness comes, helplessness comes, so you associate this sexual act date men's A and B and math formula men's program here and other vices so great brother video, just like this, I have to tell you all.  How to tell, hey, that man is giving you Gandhi's allusions, make more Gandhi Gandhi is giving his allusions, he is making you so dirty, if you don't find the courage to say this easily to him, then the human body is  How did you take it? After 84 lakh vaginas, you get a human body, you don't get it for eating gulli. Human body is not available for eating gulli. Many people eat gulli and then when they eat gulli, they say you deserve it. Someone from you says no, you deserve it. So, you have to tell him the same thing that what is happening to the girl, please tell me sir, go to the sexologist and I will give you new numbers. I give it to everyone who gives me sex because I have found it.  I have seen a video, this video is not like this, those who abuse, send them, they will automatically get sanded, they don't feel shy while giving abuse, you make them feel shy while watching the video, after 84 lakh vaginas, I have found the body of a human being.  There is no need to be afraid when I am not ashamed of coming and ruling the issue, why should I be ashamed, I am speaking the truth, I am not saying what India needs, this is your address, this note is going on inside the houses, the child and the boy listen.  When father gives respect to mother, his sensitivity does not remain. Yes, there are people who abuse in the house. Yes, wherever they are in the organization, there are many of them. Okay, nothing is going to happen there. Remember this in life and this will help us when we graduate.  And if you increase the difficulty then people will get scared and I will tell you one more thing, what do many people do in some situation or some shopkeeper has messed something up, that story or the other story will promote you and your senses will be on your tongue. You have no control, your vocabulary is heavier than the vehicles, which seems very normal to you, I am telling you its disadvantages, that simplicity of giving a lane will take any street out of your mouth, now the next guy can catch him by the tail of the lane, it is all his fault.  It was taken out of your mouth and you took the items from the bill, meaning it above, hold his tail, how did you give the street, tell me that something, this is the biggest way for him to come back in an argument, so that's why I am going to the street. Na dona articulate hona is de most dangerous think n day after tomorrow hoon can talk with straight face him good words logical words no gulli no angry and relaxed no no same did you do this no but same did you say this i don't mean so next time i  Bill Not Be Able To Take You At Face Value Because I Don't Know You Mean It On Minutes By Doing It Like This When A Man Is Tricky No employee is making him any less below you, so fire him, you do something to him, what is the meaning of giving Kali, you do not give for his good, no, I give for your good, Kali, I never give pain even to the Guru.  Gives street to his disciple, does not give street, sometimes street does not do any good. Yes, if we have to take the civilization from our country then we should not give street to it. See this in English also. Have you seen the movie and the mental condition of American? kept in everything Gandhi Gandhi Gali calls him Defded Very Well, one more thing, today, like today, there is someone like me from whose mouth it would not be nice to hear Gali that brother, you are like Gyani Baba Banta, so there are many people like you who are like you.  Suddenly want to connect with the young generation by doing this, this is no way you connect with Amazon, don't call me Gandhi by coming here and insulting the young generation, this is what I am teaching to the elders, now your children.  Are 18 20 years 22 years Youngster Are college students You have to maintain your dignity And call are not required Damori Us din D More Vocabulary What do they say What do they say Give him Gandhi Gali and do it to him And everyone gets any emotion Express it from the street, there are those tax words for everything, you have that tax of Kali, if it is like this, if it is causing physical pain then this street, if it is emotional pain then this street.  If someone disappoints you, then this street means that you have kept these and those passwords as per the type. Due to this, if you walk in such a vocabulary lake, then you will not reach the story in life in this way. Still, even after understanding it so well, which  He has to do what he wants to do, but whoever is listening is doing it on his own, sometimes what happens is, why are you adding, I did not tell you, as if now someone got hurt or some action took place or something would happen.  so in these  So, I called you, someone called him and he just said it in the air, and even though he didn't tell you, you still have to knock, tell me, it reached my ears, didn't it brother, it is something like someone spitting, grooming, and that if you too  He is going on a little bit, he has not hit you, even if he is going on you, you have an objection, send it to me by saying, 'You have to give me the song in the bathroom, you have to give me chillum chilli, like a bathroom singer song gate.'  If yes, then I am introducing a new term, the bathroom thing, keep giving your opinion while sitting in the bathroom, you are the only one listening to me, but only smoking, no one rates toll, if I am smoking a cigarette today, then I should not be inhaling the smoke, so this much degree.  Difficulty has to be increased and I am addressing women now that our girls will be equal to men's children. I am making girls look equal to children too. Tu de femme [music] So you see the corruption of the society.  How soon will you know how to do this Gali Dena Is very friendly Note Call Note Call is nothing, there is no basic thing too Next time increase the degree of difficulty Agar aap gali listen ho mein off you bill follow this type follow date yaar likh  Do I Bill, follow this advice for 43 days, your powers will improve, your way of speaking will improve and your communication skills will improve, your sales marketing skills will improve, you will become a good person.  It will be said that people will join you, you will become a magnet and this will continue live and Guru Tattva Jain will go to Mercury, it will not be very bad, your cash flow will not get spoiled, everything will be set, everything will be set well and if they are made then they will not last and there will be troubles in the family.  If there is relief, then you are spoiling the second house. If you get thrown out by mistake, apologize 10 times in the showroom, then when you have to apologize 10 times every time you give, then give also by bandaging the dog because you know friend.  If someone apologizes 10 times, there should be zero tolerance for what anyone else is saying around you. There should be zero tolerance for this. Many times what happens in the society is that one person is shouting and insulting another person, even then you have to hit back and be stern. Normal people are standing, a donkey is shouting like this, he is giving abuses to others, if he is giving abuses, then he is an aggressive man, if he says, then he has not given it to me yet, now give it to me for free.  If he gives then 12 then I will sleep then he will remain sorry, this thing is very important for expansion, brain juice gets spoiled, energy gets spoiled and gets spoiled every time, when you give gali, there is no story, there is some chemical reaction inside and BP and hormones.  And they are such that after that it takes a lot of time to become normal and then that time takes a lot and your life's time gets wasted due to which you are not able to reach and the one who has to make mistakes in every sentence. So nothing will happen, ok then please print this message thank you very much