Hello friends, today's topic is do you want to become a MS Word and second is all the topics in this, it does not go towards PSP, it is an interesting topic, stay connected till the end, I will also tell you in the end that I bring it as a topic, so you agree to one thing. That this cut section is the first original because after thinking for 245 hours many things come to mind, then you can write in the comment section whether you find the content original or not, I will also ask this. Regarding whether it is looking good or not, if it looks original then you can type more in the comment section. It is ok and it is not looking original. If it is looking like copy paste then you can decide the seat. Give both the options.  As for the original, give folding, write 'C' for every cut, copy paste, it seemed stolen from Karka. Okay, so first I said do you want to become an MC, then my question to you audio is what is beneficial? The water can feel is very off will take yes and prevent from happening in the warned warning price yes that thing is right he does like that on his duty what is the embassy like luck is soap is ok ok have you understood na aapke lips kya Catch up with that you know that is Bigg Boss right and Dezire is the car that Bigg Boss right this is that penny search of Maruti so like that again brothers sisters the question to you is what is Enfield very few people  Will know by Google, Journal opposition is less because it is very less, meaning it has become a bit difficult, so what I want to do, I want to enter that Aisi has become such a great brand in itself, what is that?  The meaning has gone very deep that it was not meant to be taken as entertainment, this statement is present in the video, do not take it as entertainment because do n't ask very well, what has to be done after reaching there, what job should be done, please tell me my Bapu.  To  He will understand it slowly and it is my prototype, but it will definitely be good for my subscribers that it is less font than cross, but we are getting used to it due to opposition and court, it is so good that it has been established, we know what it does.  Do n't we know whether it is there and use it for utility? It is very good, the light is less, we will buy the brand directly, do you want to do pencil, I want to read only someone from Gurgaon related. Gurgaon comes to his mind and I want to take this vision, I want to be honored as nectar, that is, I want to become in oil, so as if we are straight, there is some leakage, something is dripping, then initially it comes to mind, at that time, I do not remember such a compound.  There are many best and many more in the market, we will type this policy less and more updates from the brand, people don't even know, like Navami, I am hungry, I am stubborn, many people can't say noodles, Maggi, there are many flowers, but magnets, that's why I  There is tomorrow from the upload of tricks, that is also interesting, okay, but I have edited it, so this is about white sesame, it has become an ID for people to feel relaxed, so can you MS Word, you can search any problem of anything. If such a problem arises then you too have to do something like this, you will have to give small labels in your life again and again and then patterns emerge little by little. If you can do this then how will you progress in life. Maybe I can become your mark, how to become this, I will tell you in my own destruction. Those who are watching ahead are watching for the first time. If you are not connected with me, then you can do the webinar on WhatsApp. I will discuss this on them.  The association itself is small, 10-15 minutes, so I am not going to become like this from the video, I myself want to become an NC, which one am I forbidden, but I know that it is a vitamin, I know the way to become an athlete, I am trying to become a leaf.  so gurgaon this If you want to ask in the list, then I want you to remember my name but do not ask how is the girl at that stage when the Mangalsutra Drawback is ready around her neck and the Mangalsutra is afraid, tell me how is the girl or  Tribute to Late Yash When talking about marriage, they used to ask how is the boy, how is the end of the boy, ask the girl about music, meaning she brought home, after marriage there is no point, okay, if you ask at the early stage, then it is just Definitely add this seal of various states at UK news in dad that dat setting at this time which I said why don't you know what is this problem do you why do you go this is a boil is very old is the latest these days kids have said Mahendra Singh Dhoni  You must have seen the one and this PSP and he doesn't know why only one person doesn't go in it. He is saying that thing in that way on his face it is visible that he doesn't know but he will keep saying it. Why does n't he go to the place? This is not a thing in films. Psychology is the original of Amit Shah, those who give Urs Special, stay connected, okay, this is psychology and we have to take time out of this psychology, okay, the amount is quoted on the pick speed, after knowing why will it happen again because you came to know that it was told that the spin promise output is 90.  Now do you know what you have done to this person who has divided the country's progress by saying that he doesn't know, you don't know, I am the one who doesn't know any useful thing, he has studied for all the government jobs. Some people go after clashing chapters and someone else goes, then he gets destroyed. Isabella Alia Bhatt converted Alia Bhatt into some form. President asked her that she did not know, she had to be a little sad. On Twitter, the public asked those who know, President, what have we uprooted?  Lia, tell me why is it so important to know all the things and if Alia Bhatt does not know then what is the problem in her performance, the one who acts, how many total votes did she get in Udta Punjab, you tell.  Redirect Actress [ __ ] Edit Judgment Well, don't make the mistake of saying anything to every walking person, Mughals, you will benefit from knowing the things that Google can answer in 5 seconds. Remember yourself, you people will learn this from me.  Through this video, the answer which Google can give in 3 to 5 seconds, if you want, then if you get 5 seconds, then I have pulled one thing from you, if you do not know, after 5 seconds, if you know, then 5 seconds. Whose good or bad will it take from it? What is the point in life of donating your knowledge? Are you able to monitor your knowledge? If you are not able to do so, then how much benefit can you take from someone? Pay attention to this tempered glass.  Even on YouTube, give the knowledge, look about his biography, his biography, his life, that Mahavat, if you believe that nothing is going to happen in your life after seeing someone's life, then say, put it down, this is just the content that has fallen, then I  I will understand that this  Look at the long issue, I can't write these days, people don't have time. Okay, if you write this content then it means that do you want to gain such knowledge in life which is tangible and improves the like in action like.  I will make this video to talk about communication skills and will tell the truth about it that we as teachers are far ahead in the market, we too can stop our time but we have to share this trick that what sounds good, only what sounds good.  You can implement it in your life. If you are not able to implement any of the things told by me, it means that there is no benefit in doing it within any limit and that thing is happening in the next two-three days. This is nonsense. How should one read this book?  I will make a video, many people used to suggest me to read this book, very nice pic, many people specially took it, why did I do this, do that, do this degree, do that, decide that after wasting life, now in 24 years they ask  What to do is that if you put more effort into your studies after 18 years and you also don't know what to do to reach your career, then that father in the society rotates Jio 4G in those schools and colleges. Those who do kumkum kiss, what does it mean, whose fault is it, tell me if the child knew why the child does not know what to do at the age of 17-18 years and why do you have to do this thing, capital formation of trees in life, old age episode.  It has been given that I am somewhere in Jat, I am fond of it, now the system of WhatsApp, the answer does not know that the earth rotates around the sun, Next 9 book, then he calls me, he is special, I am good, if I don't know, then what benefit do you give me?  Told that Fatak Assistant Driver Best for Kids is not only the setting of the room you have, you have placed a fixture in the room on which you are not supposed to sit, now keep a lot of space and some space in it.  If you want to travel, then you cannot bring a fresh useful furniture because it is already filled with people who have fooled you, whereas the brain is very effective, limited, it has the potential, brother, everything is of quality.  It is tasty like the process in the mobile is all our own but it has a little processor, it can definitely be used but if you want to buy unlimited, then do not keep such information in your mind to forcefully enter into anyone.  The world which is your life in my own is kept, I do not watch any news of pet which is of no use to me and which is my top so that I come to know about it, you people do not know your life in these areas which you do not know.  PSU doesn't matter