Hello friends, the topic is do you want to buy a plot? It is the favorite product of the returnees. I don't design in real estate. Ok but I am going to make a statement. You tell me you agree with these and disagree. If you agree then write agree in the comment section. And if you agree then I am going to make everyone else statement today on the exam of Gurgaon and tell you, it can be taken in 95% cities but in Gurgaon  Example, but let me tell you the statement, if you earn less than Rs 2 lakh, 3 lakh, 4 lakh, 5 lakh and you are a common man, a salaried employee, normal Musaddilal office is fine when it is a corporate office, a government office, how much should I tell you about your salary.  Up to 2.25 34 Lakh is considered quite good. In narrow valley your bike is also less. Suppose add that also till 50,000 1 Lakh and 1.5 Lakh.  Okay, even then why can't you buy a log that without selling any property, as long as this statement is fulfilled, whatever plots are being bought, 99% of the people are able to buy them. Those who have their lips are my own, have some wish, only those people are able to get the plot, the people to whom the property is sold, the loan has been stopped after the testing has been tasty, like Mamta is also on 459, what is the salary above the salary, normal India.  It is considered a very great feather, if someone has it in the government too, exceed the limit, the salary is up to Rs. 3 lakhs, if you are a very senior officer and there is income tax in that too, then Chawla, along with husband and wife, is considered a very big thing for us.  But these people also cannot buy on the plot that if the plot is worth ₹ 100 then its registration is done at ₹ 60 as per Bhai Saheb circle rate.  If you get it done, you get a loan at 70 cents, you can get a 50% loan on the slide, but if you get Saptari, you get only Rs 42, so if it is an item worth Rs 1 crore, then it is only Rs 100, so from where will he get the balance of Rs 50? You know how much a person gets by taking a personal loan, that is why I am saying this as a general argument, it would have been better to report that if you can buy, if you can buy then buy.  There is no discussion on this, I will also do it, it is good, take it, there is a bullish market, there is a bullish market, 8580 piece rate has been made in gold, Deendayal's A is also done in New Gurgaon, among you there is a project in New Gurgaon.  Brinjal is 9 meter road and is rectified. You can WhatsApp me for what you want to take. If you can write the plot then you can take it then it is ok then absolutely allu and if you can't take it then don't take it.  Then it is good, there is no mention of bra, so do you agree that without the plot, it is not only difficult but impossible to buy the plot, and on top of that, it takes time to pay for the plot, if I am taking it for resale from any one person then  He will give one month's song, he will give it for two months and keep this Deendayal type given, in this also you will get 6 8 10 minutes because in this, people give you position immediately, it is okay, God put a sewerage line in it, tell me, take it.  Okay, so it is very difficult to get it and while taking any other kind of thing, then one lesson, you get time of 4-5 years, it is relatively easier but there is confusion in the market because mostly the children of 30, 35 years, 40 years are the ones who are in this category.  They can take this type of property vijaygarh payment plan like 2530 and company will go in three furious also, now they have to pay 10-20%, the rest will be loan, they have to pay 20%.  I have to take a little money from that too, but Papa ji says, Papa ji, who also lives in the freckles, his son should buy a plot at some other place, do this date, do it like this, you are taking a fat of 1.5 crores from this, otherwise do 50 like this.  I will also give you lakhs, you buy a plot worth two crores. Hey brother, he does not have Rs. 1.5 crores, he has to take a loan. In fact, out of the Rs. 20 lakhs that the child invested, he is going to take another Rs. 15 lakhs from you, so when the plot is said, then  Will you give because how have you calculated the budget that the child is taking 1.5 crores, I am ready to give it for 250, but I am getting only a playlist worth 2 crores, but the problem is that if I told in the beginning that the village is a thing of ₹ 100, I will get 42 loan.  You will not get send on the text, father is giving twenty twenty five percent and where will that thirty five percent come from, then he is not doing any calculation to give it.  So, did you understand this calculation? Do you like this calculation? Write it in the comment section. Is this a practical calculation? This channel is best about giving practical knowledge which works in the real life. It is not for authority at all. Okay, so this is it. But I request you all to like it, if you like it a little less, then if people give less then by saying a little, I am asking from you people, I keep doing such calculations and send you people forward.  I will also tell the platinum members by calculating more thoroughly, if you want to become a platinum member then you can press join. You can take platinum membership, what are the boxes in it, a separate video has been made for that, along with the box is that platinum. Members are getting phone numbers. Real estate course has also been launched and if you work in real estate or want to do so, you can also attend the course. Certificate is required.  So I will give it but the certificate knowledge is of no use today. Practical knowledge which works in real life is its benefit and nurses have more thing directly like blood, different things, platinum members, so once you do the joint, see what you get from the video.  If you like seven in it then you take it and if you take membership platinum then tell me which one I have taken, this is my name, thank you are you