Hello friends, do you make ghee or butter from cream at home? Do show the video to your wife and check it. If a man watches it, please first do this pose and comment whether yes or no is okay so that I also feel the story like this later.  They don't say, if you are making it then don't make it, it is almost there, its quality is of no value, cholesterol levels are also there, please Google and check, I am not giving such original knowledge from my side, but this is a fact which is  Everything has become sour, it has become old, it has become useless, it is not good, I have made butter in the lot of women sataking pride, today the head of butter is made, is it okay to eat milk and curd, so make your head of butter, this program is very good in Haryana.  What happens is that butter is extracted by collecting curd and doing it like this, only that butter is real, if you are getting too much ghee from this one, then do it, don't eat it, do n't consume it, I am from this, note it as good plus.  You can use your fresh cream Take this or you can make something with cream, if you can, then take milk or such milk which does not contain much cream, if you have it, but please make this sour cream at home and do it for five days, 10 days a week or I do n't know, even more than that.  These are women, please do not make them into ghee, do not consume them, you are doing it and the thing which is not consumed by the caste caste, cannot be consumed even after preparing it, you should understand this simple intelligence, if any thing is sour, useless, old, spoiled.  No no, keep it in the fridge, even in the fridge, 10 days old or 15 days old is fine. The butter that you want to make is curd, gem curd. If you have to take out the butter and there is cream, then there is fat inside the milk. There is fat inside the milk. So, you can make it using curd, jam and curd in the same way as in the village or by whatever mixer is available these days, that is the correct way. I hope you guys, I have told you this mistake earlier as well.  In When I have gone and seen it, please don't do it and the proof of this is that when they make gyi like this, you see how the gyi smells and people who live and general stay under the gyi.  Seeing its smell, people will know whether to consume it or not. Sometimes he is a great scientist and nutritionist and it is not necessary to have all this, you will automatically understand with your logic that yes, this thing should not be done.  As Like the old ones, one should not drink tea after chewing it, if the tea gram is yellow, if it is not drunk then throw away the strip, do not repeat it again and again, okay, these many things are common sense, okay, but people are making mistakes, it is happening in many cases these days.  If it was happening in your house, please write it down. Yes Guru ji, if you don't do it now, then I will get peace and coolness that yes friend, this basic thing of the story has to be told, otherwise no one has told the meaning of telling this thing. Going and getting [ __ ] in the kitchen  And what else is going wrong, some videos have been made, many people have appreciated them. Okay, so my goal is to bring happiness in life and make you rich, both the things are just clear, this is the clear purpose of mine, so this is also a part of it because it is wrong.  If you eat cheese or drink it, the same as others say, as mother says, whatever you eat, so is the program, so please do not eat this, please avoid, thank you very much.