Hello friends, in today's topic I will link it to a movie like Lal Singh Chaddha, I will link it with commercial, commercial real estate and trends and what is public perception and what are the things that can change and I will link it with Gurgaon market by giving an example to you about your cities.  Let's start the things with him. No one had ever thought in so many years that Aamir Khan ji's movie could be flopped so badly. So you can stop it.  They are saying, 'Boycott and all this is going on, which I don't agree with. It is okay that if it is going on then there should be strength in the movie too. People like this, the movies which are being boycotted out of curiosity, those movies were all hits, right.  All those movies were hit, so the next one also became a hit. Okay, so now by making it so old, it has an effect on it. I wanted to see it and bring it in form, but I did not have any example to understand.  for me today  If I have got an example, I will make the topic of discussion political and will not stop it on Lal Singh Chaddha. What I want you to say today: Consumer has gone a choice when consumer is very, very price sensitive, very precious. If I make a picture in a month or two,  If I can watch it on Netflix, then the picture should have enough attraction to call me, either it has special effects or something special is happening by watching it on the big screen. Whatever top song has come, you have to see the ships, you have to hear the voices, you have to see the mountains, there is that kind of action and that will not be fun on TV, but if some story based story is a story, then how many of them will be seen on Netflix and that. Appreciate them a lot, but it is not for a man that he goes to the hall because four people will go and eat popcorn and eat some more. If voting is done for two-three thousand rupees, then people are reluctant because now the supply of entertainment is so much that people have Subscribe to Hot also, don't you know that movies come every week, one or two, if 70-80 come in a year, then they will not be seen now, people will be chosen, date this thing, this is no working out in your commercial, also I tell you.  I was thinking that people will not see, I will not see, people will not come. If I can do shopping sitting in my home, I can do it at a cheaper price, I have a lot of choice and I cannot go to a physical shop. How many things can I check from the shopkeeper? Tell me, brother, take out this shirt, take out that, show this also, show that shoe, show this, I can check 150 shoes on my mobile, I can check 100 shirts, I can check a hundred types of things because there are so many available in choice.  There is neither the patience of the person showing it in the shop nor the patience of you to physically sit there and see, there is not that much variety in the shop and the trend that is being seen is very scary for commercial.  Now many people are still crazy about commercials because the marketing budget is such that the sales budget is such that they are giving incentives to everyone, there is a lot of incentive to sing its praises, that is why people troll them a lot if there is a video like this.  I am telling this because ghosts get kicked in the stomach, but China's stomach is being fed by this. I am telling them that there are many other things too, to fill their stomach, you who are insiders in the market know how much gross over.  There is supply, I have no one to say that it is more than five times, it is 5 times more than what should be commercial in Gurgaon market and how much plant is there, add it to 5 times and every person on his launch.  He says this is my launch here, 1 lakh family, he says right, this is the affordable society you live in, the shop there is coming up, that is also your mall is being built, that office space is being built, that too one lakh and  Those in the basement who are speaking at home, those who are building offices and those who are selling in Deendayal, those too in the office, all of them are ₹ 1 lakh, for the same number of people, how many people will eat bread and commercial, when and from where, each and every corner. It is not even known that it has one and a half acre. In residential, it is there, at least five acres of land is required, seven eight to 10 acres of land is required, if it is visible then bro, if there is a big projector then it is 10 15.  You know that there is space here, something will come here, such a commercial pops up from anywhere because the government also has a lot of benefit in the commercial, okay, you know the taxes that are levied on it, whatever little fuss there is.  There is a lot of benefit from the commercial and consumer behavior is changing. If you watch Lal Singh Chaddha ji's movie Lal Singh Chaddha and Ya and Rakshabandhan etc. then people are inclined towards it. Now their people have created such high quality.  You have consumed the content, different series have come on time, good actors have come, now you have Manoj Bajpayee ji, you have Pankaj Tripathi ji, the actors are of this caliber, you are okay, now after seeing their acting, if it is okay, then it means that they are okay. What is your acting? Is it okay? Yours is Nawazuddin Siddiqui ji and date boy earthquake, what is his name Jeetu bhaiya Jitendra is okay, Kota Factory is Nau Panchayat and now his Jadugar picture came.  If there are 30 people, D content and D quality which has been there, then consumer behavior in the market will change a lot, this generation is not pragmatic, there is no one and you are the one watching the commercial, on whose trust will people start going to PVR cinemas, it is okay. So brother, in this locality, there was a food court and I was relying on it, the rest was a shop for pictures, anyway do you know how much it was running, if sand would be levied on these too, now there is no more guarantee on footballs.  Because how many of their shows have been canceled all over India? Do you know that if people are not going then why are they going now because this was only one region, people would say let's go, let's go, the pictures will go, now the pictures will also go.  We have seen what is the condition of South Indian movies, a different system is going on, yes, there is a craze for them in North India, they are being watched a lot and in North India too, those movies are mostly being watched on Netflix, if South Indian movies are even appreciated.  is being done  Okay, they are doing a lot because of below, I also have a fan following of South Indian stars, their movies, content voice, they are doing more relatable these days, what is happening if you think according to the consumer, whatever  I am not able to relate with you, it is not me, today's new generation does not forcefully come into any form, it says I am a witch, this is I am not judging name.  These good things were forced by someone else. There was a generation which just saw people getting rich and lived in it. Today's people say when will my time come, meaning when, that is a real content which I have told you some names like.  Jeetu bhaiya is Jitendra Kumar, I think this is the name, this thing is a boy from IIT, he is acting well, it seems realistic, watch some movie, okay and you learn so much from their movie, now that magician movie.  I have learned a lot, if you ever want to do that, I would like to analyze these movies also in the same way, which is this type of movie and I don't know my audience like that because I have done two-four movies like this, last time I wanted to do something.  If there was, then there is no audience to understand how deep this movie is, this superficiality is okay, it is getting rejected, it is okay that the content in which is not of that kind means that  If it's time for Govinda, then sir's cot is gone, type and nonsense, people enjoy it a bit, what is there in the because movie, personally, I don't see the movie a lot but I have given such a movie because of the movie, if you like how India thought in 1960, then you will like it.  She has to see a picture of time, you have to see a picture of time, Nutan ji's Meena Kumari ji, she used to make sacrifices and women were thought of in the same way, segreji will do.  And the whole country used to think the same way, so how is India thinking now, from that we will know which movie is coming, how it is doing, which movie is flopping, that is, I don't want to think about India vs.  Whether the thing is being liked or not, it is the real spice of the people, coaching is a real spice, job is a real issue, real life aspirations of the people, those who are struggling, people want to be associated there, then this is what you will see inside the commercial. Today, whenever Jio comes out with a message, you know how the landscape changes wherever Jio goes, so in that your existing mom and pop stores which are running will be fixed, there will be a lot of competition in the houses, I feel like this.  And tell me whether it is right or wrong. Write whether it is agree or disagree. From what I am saying, I feel that the bar will be so much forty, that thing will also come to the house and I will also get money to buy it.  It will continue for a few days as if it had come, right, you do it, data is free and everyone is doing it, so if something like this comes, I don't think it will be able to attract commercial. Yes, it will work wherever it is. If your cyber is established, now I can cook good food in this way. Seven-eight-ten 10 commercials which are going to be run in Gurgaon can be counted on these fingers and one etc. We will still be left empty, the meaning of those which are less.  Whatever was your gallery or market in DLF, everyone would have earned extra by showing its rates, now there is not much left there because as I told you, people's inclination keeps on changing, so a commercial which became a hit, got it. No one tells the story of those who keep drinking 30-30-24. The consumer is rapidly changing us in life into such an investor. I will end with this only if you.  Want you to be good invest in your life Investing things which you are very sure will not change Weather it is stock market Where is real estate market What I think not changing is that people will require place you sleep go to bathroom in the morning and  Make Sam Tea Water Biscuit and Bread Sandwich Something Kitchen This is called Retirement Someone Intelligence Artificial Intelligence Consumer  Behavior cannot last tomorrow, people cannot sleep in the park, cannot sleep in commercial areas, it is okay, cannot go to their village and think, if there are less businesses then they will be able to do all this, there are many things in it which are not changing, so if I will stay there.  So my risk reward will be in my fever against the commercial, we should take knowledge from totality, just because my money is jumping and from some places it is coming and from some places it is getting four to five lakhs, no one is doing it.  The question is that if it is being punched from three to four, then at which stage it will not be bought and at which stage there will be nothing there, who will go? Look at the weather of India throughout the year, sometimes it rains intermittently, sometimes it is extremely hot.  And sometimes when it's winter, you want to go for an experience, no one wants this, everyone wants to have the same experience, go to one place, go shopping there, children can go skating somewhere, games can be played somewhere, watch a movie somewhere too.  Is  There should be a program for eating and drinking and that means there should be a program for the small baby as well, it should be less in every way, nobody wants you to go to three places, going out in a van, everyone is big when only the other family wants you to go anywhere, they go to the same place. Want to go on time at 12:00 here, at 2:00 here and at 4 o'clock here, no one does this, every big van, so these things are limited to going to one place.  I am in Gurgaon and retirement is also limited, this is what I want to tell you and consumer behavior is very very dynamic you know, it is changing extremely fast and it is very difficult to product something like this, where the risk reward ratio is never favourable.  Can it be something you can bypass that commercial will do well, we will eat pange and enjoy when it flops  It will happen, it will not work, we will go to a good one, someone better will come than that, we will not give loyalty to ourselves, the one who sat at one place with a shop, got stuck, then there are those stories that I have had enough, this much is enough, passing de parcel.  If there is a stage that will not be passed then what is your security you are getting it and music will not stop and you will be able to pass samwares dat you have to ask because of this music  It is running, it is not controlling the music, it can stop suddenly like Laal Singh Chaddha has stopped, now the line of the movie which is in the future is People Are Not Very This Thing, before that Shamshera had come out.  If Kangana Ranaut's one is beaten before that, then Aapsee Pannu's one will be beaten, then it is all the content that is beating and it is not you do anything, the way people are telling so many people.  It is not as good as it is being uploaded from other regions and nothing less is being shown. What has happened that when the same content of good actors is coming on other platforms, it is being laptopized, then the thing which is good is where people are watching it.  If there is a connection, that thing will be done on laptop, where there is no connection, it will not be done. Now give those 50-100 strange reasons instead of improving your content, then that is fine in this living in paradise.  So that's like this It won't work out in a relax d say thing today An investor am again harping commercial is this van thing that you can just leave with d bar school what's the English saying don't touch it with un Berge pole han that's some saying right  If so, don't and touch it, speak even from a distance, what is the meaning in English, what is the meaning, write it in Hindi, is it okay, then don't touch it, just sit, enjoy.  It is okay and if you go somewhere then do well but date is something which will not meet your basic rotak cloth house retirement is fine roti cloth house after that then you start going towards your self esteem hair order in between commercial does not come there  Okay, how much do you guys agree with the statement please write please agree with the video and if you do not agree then write this agree otherwise please comment thank you. you very much