Hello friends, today marital series video number five, this video of marital series is coming after a long time, the topic I want to tell in this is that what are the boys and girls looking for at the time of marriage, the latest news of the marriage market is that  Whatever is being seen before it is happening, take advantage of it and I will tell you that according to me, what should be done is that she or the boy sees that three things can be seen immediately in any girl. Within 5 minutes, a girl 's beauty, personality, second thing is physical activity, does she earn money or not, third thing is whether her father has money, whether it is a big party or not, these are the three things, idea speaking, everyone would like this.  It is true that apart from these three, there are 50 other things too, but as time goes by, you come to know how the nature is and how the rest of the things are, you come to know with time, but these three things I have mentioned.  Told that after seeing the photo on a phone call, someone called him a sage or those three things which are searched on the internet are how the physical man looks and earning money is not ours, what is the background of Kumari and my father, how is the petrol of the family, how is the girl's family.  The work is a little aggressive, the girl has no leave, the girl's seekers are openly asking things, how much is the property, is the house in the boy's name or not, salary, show how much he earns, they are asking and many boys are keeping in touch with me and telling me in different festivals.  They ask for a slip on someone, designation, this is a huge salary, this is the work that is not being done, it will be good if we go, tell me here, then I want to say that relationships cannot be built on so much aggression that the girl's family is like today.  Day because if you see my previous video which was number four, I had said that when a girl gets married, the boy should have an independent unit to live in and he should live with his parents.  Happened  No, I was very worried about this, I was told by the boys that we should buy it for two-three days, how can this level of useless thing be achieved, this is my series, a video will come for you to watch, it will be one-sided, that of some party.  I start making all the videos completely balanced for everyone. If I start making a video balance, then the content option will appear and SIM and what else is there, you have to look in English a little on Google for those who do not have the idea, but if you watch my series, you will get the balance, this is mine.  sulking  It's fine, if you see the first, second, third and fourth in the contact and try to extract the SMS from it, then you will know what I am saying. Thanks, so here I will tell on behalf of the girl's side that the boy's is 13 inches and the girl's is 13 inches.  Women have a lot of options - a girl can marry a doctor, she can marry an engineer, she can marry a business person, she can marry a government employee, she can marry a corporate person, but the boys don't have that much choice. because girl  Either it is working or non- working and boys are not getting such demanding programs. This is the current in the society. I am telling you that this thing is happening but what is happening in this is that the marriage keeps getting delayed. One's girl says that I am at this stage. So if I become at this level then I will get this boy. Same thing, many boys also think that my status today is this, so I am at this level, people are on this tractor, so I will reach here so that I can tighten up here.  five there are many people in it  Missing the car, getting married late, those marriages will not seem like necessary happiness because it happens with age that even if there is no marriage, some or the other relationship is formed, it has its own destiny, it has its own raita, so it is for the society to see.  That people are going towards this advanced year of 3233 and whether I will do it by being Saturn in the deep or I will do it by becoming something then you have to understand that a girl does not read any leaf books, if she is studying then she has to give the exam and do something.  If there is anything in life then you should study and it doesn't stop you, whether a girl or a boy wants to become something but you are making it based on greed, it is possible that progress in your life is written after marriage, I am an astrologer, I have some knowledge about those things.  I will also tell you what happens in someone's life due to his luck. He is also an expert of the night. So, the person who joined you when your level was not that high and yesterday became your level, then respect that person too, then I am like this.  no say  Even if it is not known at which level to take it, there is a video of my model match itself in which I have entered this entry, I will also give its link, so you all have to understand that the girls are openly asking things which  This is very cute but I will tell the boys, you also ask your own things, what do you want to ask, in that you will have a son, a daughter, you will have children, we will see, what a ridiculous question, this means that many boys do this, how do they go to me for medical counseling?  Are How do we go to the edge of the country, how do we go to the element, there are many types of things coming in it, the answer is found in it, like a girl, she has not even asked, so don't worry about it, you boys, we are doing many things, we are not girl creatures.  Are you selling it? Am I a pro girl? No, I am not just a camera boy, no, I am the time, the one from Mahabharat who used to roam there, I saw this, I am seeing this, I am telling you what I am seeing. If you want to use your brain, then you are basic. you ask yourself  At the same time, if someone's Khuda Na Khasta Aadha 168 does not happen due to some reason, that is a different thing, but getting a medical examination done before marriage is not a wrong thing for both the boy and the girl in Today's Times Raigarh to discover certain things Electron by choosing the same institute.  Go to the same place and get your testing done, there is nothing sexist in it, it is not that it is only for girls and not for boys and there is no harm in the option, now you check the food carefully.  Do it, it is not a matter of country, it is not something to be shy about because many people know that those who have blood group shoes and people who may know a little about science can have some children in marriages and you and some more complications.  After intent, there is no problem in understanding in asking who is suffering from what disorder, what is not suffering, then asked basic questions for girls, second thing is for boys, don't be impressed by the study witch's glass. Capital Ko Turn Off Meaning Girl GPS That Ours Gets Zee 8000 On Time That Also Will Be Stopped If She Comes To Home After Marriage Then What Is Show Created Do Not Be Impressed By The Girls Education Its Meaning Of To Impressed That Impressed  THE WATER IS DOING WITH IF WE ARE PREPARING FOR EXAMS ONLY ON IT HE HAS NOT EVEN GIVEN YOU THE WEIGHT TO PREPARE FOR MARRIAGE  Stop asking on the face of this dam Holi, does our son know how to cook, but we are teaching him by whipping him, he should also know, but does your daughter know, so there is no need to be shy in this and then ask at what level.  It comes to 12, you are not asking, the kitchen is not from the latest, your cooking is not proper, it is not perfect. Okay, here you have to ask the next question - son-daughter, normally if daughters are made sons, then it comes out from me that they are daughters, no problem to you.  I don't know how to cook but what is your intention in the letter and from the comment in the letter that now I have cheated while cooking but what I want to say is that you understand it like this, today I am saying that all the four people did not ask, it is a basic thing and then later.  You didn't even ask, ask clearly what are the goals of your life, what can you contribute by coming to our family and can we contribute for your growth, what about you? Please tell us about the expectations, because whatever you say, in the Indian society, only the girl leaves the house, even if she comes to the same house for someone, will live up and down, will be separate, then accordingly the boys have to clearly ask what are your expectations from us.  Our minimum expectation from you is that there are three meals a day at home, so please cook one meal, but maybe my son can cook two meals, but it is okay to cook one meal. Will you make it or not?  So you have to ask yourself this thing, it can never be an equal relationship, it is okay between a boy and a girl, it will remain like this on such scales, but till 2016 560, things like marriages are saved, whenever the story goes 3070 1080, it is not saved.  By asking this first question, my hand is also getting affected in the same way. By asking this question, you should check it a bit, you will get to know the details and open your eyes and ears and reduce greed.  Don't be greedy, many people do this. ₹ 40 Our boy and girl should get a boy with wings worth 3 lakhs continuously, the girls are greedy that I do n't know that I am so indifference, so I am for so many, don't marry on greed, get a lot of things.  We are together for seven births, there is only one relationship that can be broken, no other relationship can be broken, no brother, you can break the relationship with your parents, although you can break it with your children, but the talks are about this relationship of seven births and  with  Only life partner plays a role in life, that is why the name is given as life partner. Awaken a trust factor, awaken a Guru element, no need to adjust, neither select people nor reject them on super specialty, because on the super specialty you have selected the thing and your attention.  No, I got attracted and red signals were visible in other places but you gave weightage to him only, you said all that I was the son of the location, the real estate giant, then you get the belt in the marriage, real estate, it is multi after. Thinking is called multinational thinking, so you cannot just go to the location, you have to see whether the builder will build it or not, the character is also good, it is not the builder's, so you cannot give maximum importance to one thing, you have to take a holistic decision. This is business steel is not cracking, brother, the mushrooms should come out, the girl's parents thought that they should come out of the boy, the boy's parents thought that they should come out of the girl, how much money does the boy's father have, but nothing to do with it, the boy is fine.  Because that breath will then become a tiger, if the child is not doing well, it is okay and the child is doing very well and the parents have too many responsibilities and the periods have nothing else, then it will also become a collective, then this brother.  If you have to do everything, then when you look at things holistically, there cannot be a tailor-made solution, there is a lot of mix and match, how do you like it, I have not made anyone's sensibilities hot by mistake, if I do, then I  I am sorry, how did you feel about sharing this video with people? We should discuss these things a lot. The seriousness will continue. There is content of 20, 25, 30 videos in the marital series, so this fifth one was posted after a short break, but my request is this.  If you people liked and commented that these are elemental things, this should be our Whatsapp family group discussion because there are many people who are going through this phase, whose children are to get married, who are planning to do shoot marriage.  Those who do not have idea then discuss this and increase your trust element. 30th Match