Hello friends, today's topic is language and communication. Put a little effort in making you guys understand samjhaunga in a different perspective and tell me degree not agree what makes it a topic of discussion in your opinion and big comment section. It feels very good.  And people also get to learn from comments because a very high level audience is connected with me, I am very proud you have most of you today my  It is visible from the audience and the comment section that if he has become intellectual then I hope that you people will also participate here. Why did I have to bring this topic and what is the need and what is the link to it? Let me tell you 10, 12, 14 years ago, do not talk in English again, such a system.  Chalta tha kya hua hai du tu political climate du tu awareness and if a lot of things date English people have become a little silent very good thing but second negative start ho First of all, I felt in my comment section that some Hindu people gave but I do consultation, I do a lot of I meet a lot of people in a lot of different domains and then there are a lot of things which I do in Hindi. I have to ask a simple thing in the language.  About: You were born in a family, born in a place, English was spoken there, mother spoke English, born in an English medium school, studied in good schools and now you  If you visit a foreign country and speak in your family too, then what is the big deal if you speak English? What is the point of looking down on others? Similarly, if you went to a Hindi medium school, you became a literary type and you learned a lot of Hindi. She comes, you speak like this, male and female, you know everything, it is okay because no matter what the language is, there is no less to take pride in the language, if you know it, then what have you uprooted, now she knows Hindi very well, then you You monetized it Hindi  Teach nothing, language should be saved. Take pride in your language. Why should you take your language? Where does everything come from? I understand you. How much can we correct each other's English? At the world level, only Indian English is spoken.  There is no such great respect, we are not getting the correct pronunciation, we should learn from the review, all the English has been changed in them, they speak schedule, they speak dual, they speak as per their wish, they go right hand drive, left or right.  Everyone raises their hands and says, We are English, we are Americans, whatever we speak is English, there should be an attitude, who said this? No, we will speak exactly like this, we will speak like this, we will speak like this in Hindi, A is also placed inside Hindi in Hindi, will Gujarati speak Hindi, his Gujarati accent.  It's okay, if you speak Bengali then you will have a Bengali accent. If you speak like Haryanvi, then how do you know it? If the people of Haryana also speak something, then this one is from your state or from some other state.  But I do n't even know the Hindi language that Pandya is demonstrating. Brother, what has happened to the vocabulary? You are making fun of him. If you know it, then it would be a big deal. Only when you shake your confidence, I will come to communication. I will use my personal example. I speak English is not perfect. Dua, my English was good and it is detouring. My Hindi is very average. It is improving a little. I feel like this.  It seems that Haryanvi was never my thing, no, it's okay, I also know a little Gujarati but that too at a functional level, okay, can you give me marks, if you read as many as these, then I will get 50-55 marks out of 100. Maybe it's fine and brother, I know communication well, I don't know, I don't know, you guys write in the comment section, all these are tools which are ready to be understood in the mouth, ready to be heard, spoken after thinking a lot, any language, any effect.  Don't put it here, what is this more important, what is its template, how do you think this is more important, if I think in Hindi and then I will speak in English and I will be able to think it, then my communication will also be done I can  Speak in English but if I am thinking in Hindi and then think in Hindi and then translate in my mind into English and then I am trying to deliver to the audience will  If you don't like it, then the thing that I am telling you which is very deep in my mind and I would like to learn it, I would also like to learn it from many of you who have the intention to learn it, because a lot of detail has been given in it.  Very impressed in the thing, Confident, how can one be confident? A confident man is one who has something in his mind, just by having confidence, one will become confident. Why is the focus done? Some people just said this in Hindi.  Have learned vocabulary and all this and just focus on that, what is the content, what is the message, what is the value addition, but it has nothing to do with you, you there and see will do this and uproot the flags, man, they are dumb, but your thought.  The process is very good isn't it, even if you do it like this, the world will come, try to listen somehow, do anything, content is king, thought is king, don't make language so hero, if you  If you are Oriya and you are trying to speak Hindi then it is commendable that you are our South Indian brothers and sisters during the day, that something is so sweet to me, make it so sweet to me, O South Indian person, try to write in Hindi by writing to me in my comments.  Kari hindi aaj not de script kari try to write hindi in romance script, there are few mistakes in it and what to make fun of in it or should I see what he is attempting, first of all I am speaking the content in Hindi, I too  I will also bring subtitles for my audience, gradually everyone will see the subtitles in my videos, but it will be okay, it takes time to do it, but you will get to see it because there is a lot of demand, in the middle of understanding the language, I will write a couple of lines. That's why I speak in English so that my core audience, that is, my South Indian audience, will understand a little bit of Hindi and will not understand it completely in English, but then I will visualize it in Hindi.  If he is speaking then it is very important in communication that you speak with a low key. If you have seen my videos then I do not do any editing anywhere, mine happens somewhere on the floor because only when the thought process is clear here, it will be slow. Otherwise, pick up any content creator, sometimes he cuts like this, sometimes he cuts like this, a man makes me laugh in the video, so maybe I do a POS and do a little bit of that special thing, okay?  There is a man who is coughing, something like this and respect is vice, I don't have any editor, I don't have an editor, so where will I edit, if there is no need, then communication is a very important language system in men, you it and Hindi which is our language in that. How many words have been taken from Persian? How many words have been taken from Urdu? How many words have been taken from English? This language is very survival in itself. If the language has to survive then you have to take Hindi so much.  If you make it difficult, if you make fun of it, then people will not get angry. If you want to make Hindi inclusive in South India, then first you will have to stop laughing at it, otherwise you will get angry because if there is no gender system in South India, there are men and fathers like that.  Only then he eats them and eats them, eats them, why do they speak wrong like this because the concept is not there in their language, now you do n't know about this thing, so you are giving the password to this thing, brother of this thing is not in it, even me.  Tamil language and it requests a lot of respect, till date Tamil is old, discussion is going on, it is good that we have a very good language, but Tamil is also a very good language, Tamil is old, this is old, they have their own buffalo, which one is old and which one. Instead of discussing what it is, we should base everything on the language. Why is the language holding on? Be it whatever you want, you have seen the Chinese in their language.  They say, the rest of the people keep gasping, their pronunciation is very good, I will tell about my top leaders [music] rather you are getting skinned, meaning you are a superficial person, you have no interest in the message being given to you, you are just the next guy. Where have you reached in life by doing this and you know so much about a language, monetize it, teach it to people, see if someone is ready to pay ₹ 2 and if not, then that is your knowledge.  There is no value, I repeatedly tell people that the knowledge cannot be monetized, it cannot be done immediately, due to which value addition is not happening right now, it is of no use. You can repeat the mantra of knowledgeable people as per your wish and mostly this thing is also promoted in our country.  It's nothing, everything is nothing, love is everything, relationships are everything, health is everything, everything is everything, everything is nothing, so why me, you child, that Among children, the one who is not monetized, GK teaches a man, he walks with attitude, yet the capital is Lima, the capital of Bulgari is Sofia, I know a lot, this one was fought in Panipat in 1526, I know all this about Khanwa 15-  That he won in 27 was due to attitude, no knowledge means anything, today it means nothing, then you prepare for UPSC the whole slave year, you do this  If you take nonsense knowledge in your mind then you move with attitude, then you don't become one, but if you are preparing for science IAS, then you have attitude, then you correct people, then you don't even know when there was any Team India movement and how much.  Alia Bhatt ji is famous, I do n't know the name of the President, I don't know how much she was ridiculed by all the people who made all the Presidents, then where did they reach, you don't know her but she is an actress, it's okay to know her less.  It does a good job, the light is on, learn something, why are you jealous, there is a very emotional like in it and where I am making it less of me and the thing which is not worth knowing, then I don't know why sometimes you don't think that if I  Lo, if I don't know anything then it is not worth knowing, it is not less than me, what will I do after knowing everything, it seems in our mind that there is a very big elastic and there is a huge space, unlimited gigabytes, it is not so, brother, there is a limitation in the processing speed.  What else do we put in this memory? We keep putting any setting inside it which is not needed, then the things which have been reduced will not be there when they are needed, they are not there because we have put in our head that many things are not needed.  Next time another van stage troubling, you speak like this, speak like this, speak that, and you give a lot of content, you give it back, you back the person, whatever I want to say, let me speak, and many a times I do this when there is nothing to speak, right?  so how much english  How much Hindi do you know? If anything, you can't even speak because the entire focus is on this thing, because after consuming the content, how can your mind think, what is less, what should be the original thing, that is very difficult, isn't it told by the teacher? Google.  How can you know by Google? You will have to make your own thought process, don't put too much regional language in your language. Very very normal things come to you in John C, just like B is very very.  Confident in it, it's okay, you have a Gujarati accent, you have a Marathi accent, everyone has that, now Biharis who are our brothers and sisters are not able to speak Voda, keep speaking, hold on, hold on, hold on is not spoken, people from Haryana are not spoken to much.  Or if he speaks wrongly then he speaks brother, then what happens to him, whatever is his issue, no, if we reduce it then he will like it, Sir, make me a Prime Minister, this kind of level is needed there.  Okay, we do n't have to go to that level, I don't have to go to the news, you do n't have to become anchors because they are called anchors with knowledge, these anchors who are sitting on business channels have become tycoons, have they spent the whole day in the stock market?  He speaks from morning to evening, his pronunciation is very good, his dictionary is very good [music] and our legendary late Rakesh Jharna wala, he could not understand what he is saying here, I cannot understand it like this.  But people listen to what he said, what did he say, we have to go to his level by retelling, we have to talk that thing and take half of that, even after everything is bad for us, people try to listen to us by reminding them, hey, what did you say? Look, I am not saying to force you to speak badly, I am not saying to force you to have an attitude, if many things can be learned, pronunciation can be achieved, some can be done in a better way, affordable mains, you should do it, but only if your focus is on it.  If he gets into something, then you will not get time for your thought process and idiot, you will get it. Okay, so do whatever you understand, we should not take tension, we should be comfortable while communicating, those who speak after thinking a lot do not have the thought process when they are in a hurry.  A thing comes out of it, it shows the convection and the whole game of connection in the market. If you like any of my videos, it touches you, then in a less strong way, the voice of the deep sense of research and convection comes from within.  It does not come out of the throat. Respected sir, we welcome you, then we all listen like this, do you enjoy it? You tell me [music] [music] but as it calls, it came out. First the Englishman wrote that, how many applications have we made, how many?  It is written here that no husband is faithful to his wife, but I will be faithful to the person writing the letter and I will be faithful to the person writing the application and I will beg you, I will become faithful. Today you have seen people of America.  They have created the internet, they have created email, you see, the less thing we have is to write four lines, then the British have set up the British, they don't have to keep us as slaves and in that we have so many applications, you all remember which I don't know whatever.  There are some old people of 30, 40, 45 years of age, here you should be here like this, there should be a date here, this subject should be like this, I beg you state and those half format memories should be numbered and there should be one line above and below.  If he goes and earns here, if necessary, his marks get cut, he gets some benefit in his life and stops there to learn how to write the state. I have this privilege, thanking you for your faithfulness, thank you, thank you. Hey, these days, the boys and girls are older than the girls in age.  Bada Chhota [Music] Thank you, change the question, India is changing, it has been 75 years of independence, whatever doesn't seem right, gives pain, if you understand it, then I have come.  Want you take date credit list's main topics I bring, I am not saying all, whatever I say and whatever opinion comes, express what we like, it is written in stone on that, you guys, I will request, discuss and refine and leave.  With Your Truth But At List Like Me And Credit Go To Get This Topic Getting D Topics Getting Things That Society Should Think Date Is Very Very Important I  Hopefully, I am creating such a job in this job and you guys are enjoying it. Please write something good for me in the comment section. You will increase my wish and like it. Whatever opinion you also have on this subject please writer people.  And everybody is so intelligent, we all are intelligent, okay, so do n't impress each other, if the language is good then you have good content too, okay that.  If you take it to a bigger level then it means that not only you ca n't go much further just by knowing the language, it is something like a waiter, you are a waiter, what is language, food is paro hai, but food has to be good and you are Kant's focusing.  On D waiter the waiter is very nice, the dress is very nice, how is the food, I don't know about the food but I saw it very well, the one who came from here, prepared it himself, took it out from here, he is a waiter, but what is happening here, date.  This is a very very important problem thank you