Hello friends, in this we will discuss the strategy for Gurgaon, for the investors, for the advisors, for those who have bought, for those who want to buy, then this is going to be a very interesting video and I also need your help in this. After watching this video, you Go to my community page, it will be equal, there will be some English, Hindi, English written in that poll and there will be different 34 and you will vote on it and you will know yourself because it is a public platform.  You will get an idea where the trend is, so whoever is subscribed, after watching this video, please take out 15 minutes of time and go to the community page of that channel. When you were there, it was showing below. If you press subscribe etc. next to it, it will come up.  You will go to Home Videos Play List Community Tujhe Committee, if you press on it, you will get it for voting, so please go out and vote, let's talk about some good news in the beginning.  The judgment of Good Ghum 1234 is taking place. Recently, the Chief Minister visited the Good For University, Jham is being built and told that in 2 years, complete that physical infrastructure and it is running like that. The University is the 51st child of his.  That shift is going to be good pointed out in the gold itself and they are going to become more, you know that one is already formed, the other one is going to be developed, it is going to develop very well and now you  As per the stage I was talking about in Gurgaon, you will see that the product portfolio is very big, so you have to look at this strategy depending on the one who has the budget to buy this thing, then there is no need to talk about this strategy for him but take it further.  I generally believe that if you have a choice then you have to go to the community page as well, then which premium apartments should you buy? Should you buy ultra luxury? Should you gravitate towards Deendayal floors? Where should you expect to fall?  Are any jobs being returned like the plots which are coming inside Sona and not on that road and anywhere else are strange, my advisor please don't take it, there are issues of RERA, builders please set it, you can check it by googling the name, so much Jagga.  Become a detective because there cannot be so much variation in these fakes within a radius of two kilometers in one place. You also know that every time they ask, please check the legal issues with you. The government has been trained a lot.  There is a lot of difference between registered and prerna certificate. If you are registered then you have not got any certificate etc. You have given the exam, you have not passed, it is fine but you have kept it attached. If you do not have the certificate of passing, then if you keep that one then you  It has to be seen that there will be a trend in the coming time. At this stage, I am telling that 2BHK will not come in big premium projects and ultra luxury projects in the coming time. Why will it not come? Try in a consistent manner.  I am talking to the builder that now as the FIR has increased, if you buy something next to the expressway then it is worth three and a half rupees, then if it has 2BHK and one and a half then you can make the density of apartments affordable housing in it.  Let's go to the side, recently you know a project was launched, about 640 minutes, its face is written on the certificate within 4.5 lakhs, so read more, if 644 apartments are coming then tasty, you see.  It becomes around one hundred and thirty, okay, so the density is very high, which means that there are many 2BHK in it, so now the FIR has to be filed by the builder, the government has asked to extract as much juice as possible, but in square feet, if the square feet is let's say 10 lakhs.  If it is fetal, then I will make it in 2BHK as per my wish, I will make it for you, mind what size I have the choice, when there is internet, the number of 2BHKs coming now will be completely reduced, they will become negligible or will be reduced in quantity or This ticket size will become absolutely zero and towards 384, the rate will be higher than that, but now that glimpse will be scattered and ultra luxury, its ticket size itself will be your drive from 3000, so in one and a half CR, you will not be able to see the dry CR.  There will be more in time and the products of Deendayal which I call three tier AC will be available to you in the coming days at an all-inclusive rate of around Rs 9,000 per square foot.  There is full chance of getting 160 to 170 amazing floor in 1.4 CR. Builder will be very good. Top why but I am telling you first where the raid is going to go, so now you have to participate and think that where is right for you to go. That it is right to go at the right minute, at which price point is it right to go, ad users are such investors, both of you can depend on it, so I am not going to cast any vote in the poll, what are you, but to feed your interest, for that I am  There will be information for that also and that after I become that, after doing complete research on what people want, what should be the ideal situation, you should go here because I will give you one, you should go in that direction, things will not come because things will come.  If you stay in the spray then there will be an increase in them as per the inflation ring and time, but since a lot of similar things will keep coming, then perhaps the things that will not come will include Tasty Recipe Premium, your city premium has its own concept, by Google.  Seeing that when something gets reduced in quantity and supply gets reduced, then the supply of your premium look apartment is going to reduce because it is not just a land parcel, all the big names are playing the list, tired of finding it, it is a land parcel.  I am not getting RD bread, I am getting my share of Deen Dayal 's plot by suppressing everything, even the farmers who had not sold their lines before, say that friend, we become builders by typing with someone.  Let's take, I will cut the plot, we will also keep 1520, this mind is set, so whatever layout is there, they are dancing like Mithun Chakraborty, none of them have got a good front project. 15 20 25 30 sec current rectangular front, no land parcel with good feel is available to the builders, that is why the product is  Hey, you will come in the same way, I mean, anyone whose bread is of the same shape but it is of raised type, now it is like a burnt growth and they cut pieces in it, that program is coming and not land parcels. Whose title should be clear, location should be good and those who are aggregators are playing the role of aggregators, the late and real Bigg Boss, who sells in the busy market, his I know no duty world king.  Kushwaha used for some big use not funny tantrums not big this past and their special has increased that brother now you want good next one then I will take this one and will give the lowest rate so what are people doing come on don't give  Then I will take the one behind you and I will make my project like this, entry from here and then going back, these things are happening in the market and from this you will know the cost of the line, the rates of the plots and how big the laddus are.  And because of that, the land which is now going viral, I say replacement cost of any project has increased too much, this is my question, always mention in the formula, X plus Y or Z plus security, stop construction of a plot in which there is access. Specific instructions on cost of the line where it is the builder who will earn the profit i.e. the cost of fund switch builders have to pay so that is what comes out and  I am telling different formulas about how much premium should be for physical, you can watch my video, but if the cost will increase in this, then the direct demolition cost will be construction cost. Okay, it is big, it rains around 25 people, it is 25 cents.  The increase is 2012 at 15 cents, that cement bar had increased, it is decreasing again, the level has increased a little, so it blooms by 10-15 percent.  Inflation doesn't happen that much but Urmila is X so the same meaning which was ₹ 100 has now become ₹ 10, hence it is expected to increase further in 3 years and in the coming time, so whatever material will be ready for the builder.  The builder has not given up his ten-fifteen-twenty percent, no one is doing social service, now everyone is earning money, those who are on equity and those who are listed, we have return capital employed, return on equity and that line police station.  The shareholder has to earn all that and show it. You understand that keeping in mind the big investments from outside, there is a lot of chance of learning this. All these things are against these vans. All the fresh people are standing like here.  This is your subject, tell me only when it is out, then they will come up with their rates. Within the hand in rates, they say price of head debt opening. You must have heard this term in the share market that you want to know what you mean by this unknown. Whatever I am getting in every segment of Udan Lee, I am getting knowledge of skit from thousand to ₹ 2000, I am getting noise shot for my viewing, it can also be two to three thousand, can be redeemed at lower portion, AC-2 AC-3 Deendayal on this.  And the cream one, who has a very different jersey, will get such a wound worth two to three thousand rupees and this dam is clear on golf course extension, you all know that Arm is a very good friend and his project is going well.  He has been increasing the inventory by thousands of feet every month for the last four months. No thanks to everybody. Know the price. SMS is sent to you. Then after a month, thanks, this is the inventory. Thanks to him, now it has been increasing by thousands for the last four months.  The project is increasing the money, you can write in the comment section, it is okay for his relationship even with Rs 2000 and people of that project are advised to take as much as they can, please vote for this serial on 31st March.  Crossed the mark of Rs 20,000, took it, took it, did not like the replacement cost, did not like anything that would come as per the specification, would come a lot, so now that you have bought a diamond, you are holding on to it, it is fine, it is very good for people to hold the property. No one will advise you to stay put, the bullish market is very good, anyone who has bought property in Gurgaon for 10-15 years has had to sell anything in the last four-five years, then what will you do in anger?  If there were and will be taken, then it will increase, then it will increase, so when this transaction cost will increase, why is it that a child is getting appointed to a job, then keep those things which are giving a huge amount of their cream, I subscribe the page. We are an SMS community Subscribe to me Paytm We started defining the market Normal market is defined by big players Builders Government's direction from above Someone else holds the players who are in the middle You know but we will change it, we will define the market, we will define the rates, we will take advantage, what happens if the airlines cut it, if there was an edition, this line earns money, if the hoteliers increase the rates, then the hoteliers earn, some film producer.  etc. And when the prices of distributors and tickets increase, they increase them. The general public does not get a chance. The general public is cheated everywhere. So, if we have the inventory, the goods have been sold. And we are sitting with that, brothers and sisters, so can we unite, for this also I am going to tell about the platform and product and other very good things, so it will be fun that the common man, I will not say that of the people of Delhi, but a forum of the common man.  By typing this, where for us soil, how much did you take for it, how much did I pay, I am the seller, 1965, if a seller buys it, there is lots of fun in it, now if he is waking up after sleeping, then there is no risk for him.  taken brother  Road will be built Bhai Saheb, it will be fine Bhai Saheb, if he goes then Jo Bhai Saheb, it will be done, the one who will shoot money and money price Rs.9100 Damani Enterprises That is very important Singh Friends guys have to play the price Bigg Boss-3  Patience Clarity Foreign Guys Directive Okay, so you guys freed up all that time, now catch it, don't parcel it to them so quickly, brother.  It has burst on 4000, it has increased by 3, it has increased by five, it has increased, let it increase, you don't know how much it will cost because the demand and supply thing is visible in the coming times and when the people of Delhi will come and give it like this, then how far will it go?  There is no idea, so no one can tell right now where things will be after three, four, five years. Thank you, A.