Hello friends, I have brought a new phenomenon from the marriage market. It will affect many people. Please see it. It may be a bit of a joke but the matter is very serious and you people are seeing this phenomenon or are suffering from it or are around you.  If you have seen then please write in the comment section what is the phenomenon of engagement or in many places they say roka roka of engagement which is before marriage and they say that things get broken a lot.  The breakdown of the marriage today, divorce is a separate topic in itself. I am bringing this thing from the marriage market that the girl and the boy met, what did they do, and after that this thing gets broken. I am having a lot of consultation, so many self-doubts.  I have all been youngsters and what I mean by this is that these things did not happen earlier, I got married, yes, I have to say, I have to say, when I got engaged, it was bound to happen, conflict in marriage or not, marriage not going on.  Was a different thing but now there is so much confusion that people are talking about engagement and engagement in such a way that when it has been stopped then it has become like this, look, now when I do real estate, I also give the example of marriage, real estate in marriage is like that EEI.  Yes, I have given your EE, I will see the rest, whether to take the flat or not, whether I like the layout or not and what is the payment plan, this is not OI, brother, these are the relations of marriages, these are the relations of relationships. These are relationships of trust, do n't joke like this, because of what is the reason, life gets ruined, both the parties fall, market value within the marriage market, how does the engagement of a girl and a boy get off, now whatever may be the reason, he will go to the market that?  Friend, this is a call off party, why was it called off, then look at this, if you find any reason, then after seeing a fly, you do not drink it in milk, I also agree, I agree, but but superficial reasons.  But this breaking of things which could have been known even before the engagement, engagement is very stupid. Here a person like me can come in real time and help you. Listen carefully brothers and sisters, real there is something called pre marital consultation until they say No builder agreement was made by bank check and it was not confirmed that before purchasing the property you ask questions like brother, how is the layout, how is the payment plan, when is this Mavan construction?  How to pay, when will the land title be made as per RERA, whose land title is it, how many floors are there, are there any amenities, you ask 1.5 crore questions, what should be asked before buying a property, what should not be asked before marriage, so brothers and sisters, here is my workshop of 30 questions.  This is Pre Marital Consultation Workshop, that recording is there, you will get it in the comment section, it is some Rs 799,700, it is ok, it is less than Rs 800, I am exact. Forgot the figure, maybe it is 799, it is better or 777 or something like that, okay, then you can purchase it, after that you yourself can become a consultant from it and there are many people who are like that, the fee is for one pizza.  It is not such a wasteful thing that oh my god even if you go to see a movie it flops, you will open your mouth and ask about yourself and the world and what is there in it, what happens sometimes, why is it necessary?  I have pre-marital consultation because I also do it. The fee is very heavy. It's 7,100 rupees. If you want pre-marital consultation, the fee will be a little higher, but you can do the consultation comfortably. This is a blue ocean opportunity. This party is this one.  The party wants to ask these innocent questions, many of them are fine, they want to ask many questions but cannot ask because they feel shy, then a man sat down and made both of them sit and he asked the question. Start asking: Do you always know how to cook? Who will cook at home? Who will wash the underwear? Whatever the boy's clothes will be washed by you, you will have to wash your own or yours. Speak clearly, now people will have fun. Now there are some more questions like this.  It would be better if you watch the recording, I will not tell it here but the practical question is, why is the girl getting divorced, she does not want to have a child, she says, 'My body, my mind', then they say, why didn't you tell me earlier and they say, why didn't you ask, Sara.  There is little disclosure to be done. Like mutual funds, mutual funds also talk about the same. Read the offer document. What is the market? Returns are subject to markets. Read the offer document before investing or any red herring prospectus. There is anything, there is disclaimer.  Past Returns Are Not Indicative of Future Returns So he speaks quickly after saying 'So here brother, it is good', now people say that friend, don't ask this.  You will have to say that this is strange, yes, the problem is that is why the whole work gets broken, it also gets broken later and if you come to know during the conversation during the engagement, then I am saying why are you jumping to wear the ring, so much so that then that ring is ready to be worn.  Later in the conversation, we come to know that the boy does not want to get the girl employed or see what happens many times, a man says no, no, how much should he do in the marriage, after that hey, how much can he do, after that, I still agree that it is a mess.  but some man is new  He is clearly saying that brother, I will stay with my parents, I will not leave them, I will serve them, I will give them salary etc. and I will take a loan of 25 lakhs for the marriage of my two sisters, I will definitely do this, I will do the rest if they get married.  Before this he is speaking with his mouth open and you have talked about this and have come to know about it, then he is saying, now it is possible and he says no, no, I will keep you in the house of dreams and I am  I will keep you like this, I am an example of a boy, girls are the same thing, girls are also told a lot that she works there, she does it like this, rest you see and after that, as soon as she gets married, I will not work, I don't want to, what will you do? You married a girl with a salary of Rs. 600-800 for Hajj. You thought that she will do the job in future as well. My Hajj is a tank, her salary is Rs. 60-70, it will be fine, she leaves and will not do it again.  So what will you do, there may be a mess, but someone tell me in advance that I may not do it after marriage or this all showy job is not for me, I do n't like it or I want to get it from you.  I will shift to that city with you, I will not get it, I have no talent, there are people, I speak the truth because ultimately what is it, even today people do not want to cheat deliberately, they give more or less because sales have to be done.  You can't say all the things first otherwise the marriage will never happen but but many things you are ready to say if the next one is ready to ask but the next one is wondering whether or not this is what happens My mother told my parents  Served and my wife will do it because it is the rule of law, this is how it has been happening in our dynasty, everyone considers themselves to be dynasty type at the time of marriage, do n't we, it will work like this only, we assume that this is very wrong.  pre marital  Many misunderstandings can be removed through consultation, many things can still go wrong, but the engagement can be saved. Now you see, friend, if your thoughts are so divergent about life that how the wedding function will be, then only that is your opinion.  There are a lot of divergent views so you know that today they are trying to convince you, the marriage has not yet happened, otherwise once it happens, then both the parties are strong, there are girls and boys, there is no one like that.  But if even before that the scene is looking like this then it is a big red flag so pre marital consultation helps in finding these two red flags which are true you may find if the engagement period is too long then that is very  This is a big mistake because something or the other, you will not like it 100% anyway. Like if you go to buy a house, everything looks fine but the kitchen.  Is anyone feeling small? No, friend, the balcony is a little small or something, so brother, that is the ideal; neither is there any property, nor is there any wife, nor is there any husband, nor is there any boy, nor is there any girl, nor is there any family and she  As far as you go, think about the engagement period 15 million times before getting engaged, get pre-marital consultation done, fix the date of engagement after that, it is as old as time.  The reasons were that the resources were less, it took time to organize the wedding, it was a big event in life, today the event is big but that function is not big, the wedding itself is big, what was the event earlier, if the wedding was big then there was no restriction.  No matter how happy or sad sometimes it was, calling relatives, collecting money, organizing functions, doing all that took time. It took two to four six months, that would be his holiday, then it would be his, then this would happen.  So earlier also no one used to go for such a long period of five months. What do people often say? They get engaged in May. Then you say that you will get married in the winter but will not do it in November. This is wrong. There is no such big event in air condition.  It looks good even in June and takes good photos and you can do a lot of it, once you have decided that you want to do it, there is no need to do a trial period of five-five-six months. Too much is happening unnecessarily and that's because look, even after your marriage, there are fights, otherwise it means marriage is canceled, there will be a fight between you and me, then why cancel the marriage because your mother said that you will do something for six months.  If you talk about something or the other, it will be known that you will not like about the other person, then this is also wrong, if you carry on for too long then it is bad and if you do not open your mouth first, then it is bad. People do this in a very wrong way.  We are approaching in smartness, boys think that we are better than girls, we are dead, there is no difference in the relationships of love and hearts, here both parties lose or both parties win, there are no winners and losers, this is not a war.  It is not the way it is built, relationships are based on hearts, they work only on love and trust, but they also work on common sense, so at least use your common sense before engagement.  That Koi Looto Nahi is a wonderful recording of two and a half hours, it is a super hit, the one who has taken it has become a consultant, it is a blue ocean opportunity, you say, I am marital, it has also taught me how these customers will come to you because there is no one in the market, right?  Only those 30 questions are left to be asked as to who is doing the work and what has to be done. Both of them are intelligent as to what answers are being given. You are the one deciding how I am going to do it. Well, I also help but then it is my fee.  Isn't it high, I have become a professor but you can definitely become a lecturer, you will go to the level above JBT teacher and TGT, you will go even above PGT, you will become a lecturer, I am a little higher because I have made it okay.  If you have then please watch it, share this video and it will work by taking platinum membership of the channel, you will see this video in it and if you want to work by watching only that video, then it is on the app.  Buy it, buy it, buy it as per your choice, but definitely buy it because it is very relevant, very relevant and I am giving it as my own, I am not promoting anything else, I am promoting myself, so this is it.  It's a practical thing because how much money and time will be saved, look at the functions of weddings and engagements, how much they cost and there is also the emotional trauma that both the boy and the girl had become mentally. My husband and wife are going to be there no matter what the reason is and whether it is a boy's break or a girl's break, it does create a trauma especially on one of the person, it is for the one who breaks in more and also for the one who breaks in less, friend, this is not it. If you work out, then why will anyone do it with you next time in the market because those who are known to us in the market, hey man, this is how they do things, they make engagements and then if they don't like it, they leave it, okay then they are also the ones who break it.  Of  Also remember that the market value is decreasing. Please share, like the video and do write in the comment section whether this phenomenon is taking place or not. Thank you very much.