Hello friends, you can take astro classes for platinum members and on platinum membership, if you want to learn astrology, there is a class on 25th June at 12:00, which will be the third class, in this I will tell you about the planets which are the evidence of your Sun Moon Rahu visit.  It is very good and it will help you to know yourself, you will be able to find peace in life or you will be able to see the stones, if you come under control of life then you will become platinum.  You can take membership, which is interrupted as well as complimentary on the table. For platinum members, they have a separate telegram group and there is also a separate side, 6 Saath, and that is my video, you can go and watch it. In these times, those who are children of platinum bus want to learn communication skills themselves and those who have retired or are in old age, then how can they monitor themselves?  You can keep yourself busy by working, not by force, you are doing gardening or walking or doing pranayama. Okay, Intel can actually keep itself busy, that is also my agenda, so below you will find the comment section for those who are iPhone users.  It will be written in it that you can take membership from there, membership is fine and for the rest of the people, the description will be normal, you can take it by pressing the join button, so it is very easy procedure to apply for job.  Who is taking platinum membership from you, please tell me on WhatsApp that I have added you to the platinum group, also it is extra class and any member of your family can add, because you are the number, you do not have much time.  So you can add boyfriend, you can also add mom and dad, all subscribe, then recording of all classes, so if you believe on Saturday.  If you are not able to watch it during the day at 12:00 for some reason then you can watch your class in the next class if you congress it will also be interesting according to me because the fun in learning is different according to the meaning like and other things I subscribe to it.  Also and this which you will enjoy very well, very good, you should subscribe, it is our joy to do anything, so enjoy doing anything, a destination which you want to reach, then please platinum.  Those who are taking membership please let me know how to subscribe this festival. Thank you.