Previous people connected Hello friends OK Good Evening to all of you Today Khayal Binttu Chai Par Charcha On What effect will it have on plants Gurgaon Relative Last October Deendayal Prospective What effect will it have on Deendayal flight What effect will it have on affordable housing Launch Generally caffeine will be on kothis  But what will be the effect of these flights in the premium segment? What will be the decision on them? What will be the effect on Gurgaon Electric of this new decision made by the government?  The thing is going to be known, who is reading the ad, let's first discuss that letter, that letter was fair, it is a confusing letter, I will say it in advance, I am the number one player in real estate, I am at the forefront in my understanding and he is cold to me.  I did not understand, is it intentional or is it just clerical? Keep it because whenever something comes to be said, no hand will be raised. I did not understand, it is a great courage, I do a little from both the sides so that I am the best and  Best of all, if you don't understand then there is something wrong with it, but many of you have taught me the letter, maybe 70% of the coverage in the letter is being done etc. but the rest of the figures written are in 141 shifts, write 2.64, so it's an affair. Brother, it was already 6 to 4, this is what you have done to the government, what are you writing, I do n't understand all this, explain it to the public, this public notice has come out, I am Dance UP CM, it is ok in that.  People have to get clarified purifier that derathu is control, love is ok, one is not you can by that botanist is ok, it could have been written in a very good way, the problem that a common man faces in understanding is this, so when I saw it, I  Now I got clean bowled, what happened then, if that day is completed and what happens, then read it again, then it happens, then take out those two lines of yours from 252 Dam Good, if on earth the public is that thing.  If you want to tell, then make some diagrams for the presentation and lay out the latest that and the public has written that it has not happened, you cannot say like this and it can be done like this, if whatever your public wants, it is fine in a democracy, then to understand it, this is just rough mathematics.  I am saying that this feature is increasing, okay if you understand this basic mathematics, then it is increasing, now I will try to explain it according to the diagram, why in a short while, if the program coverage is made 75%, then what will happen with it? What will happen to the balconies, will their size increase in actual, what will happen to that 6% of the tree and the area in the list which is in the normal drawing, if you also have something like this seven percent is the normal area but take it out and if the area of ​​the shoot which is called Patria  They also say that if the area award becomes one percent, then together it is a sum of eight-nine percent for a huge area. So Aggarwal said that if Haryana should be separated and the policy of Pao should be reduced to six. Practically, it can be understood that when Jha is at the proposal stage, if it is 75, then today 's sixty-six, then it has become fat that how many square feet of space could be taken out in one slot, it will increase for living, tell something, Samar Singh.  Video Not Coming In The Discussion Okay dear dear if there is soil then that space will basically increase so how do we understand this further what difference does it make to things beyond that 180 spotlight how is our magic of returning Sir, if we could have got more, then the rates of the plots would have increased, you have to understand that when there is a line in real estate, as soon as we eat food, we eat bread, the raw material is wheat, so if the rate of wheat increases, then flour becomes expensive.  If flour becomes expensive then even roti will not be available, Paratha will also be expensive, the whole family will get it. Okay, if you increase the rate of clothes then the rate of readymade shirt will also increase. Okay, the rate of readymade will also increase. That's all Oath Previous We will discuss only about that in the elections, the plots which are there in 127 sectors in Gurgaon, about two lakhs were returned, which was historically made up of Gurgaon, which has been going on for 40 years, Gurgaon including and DLF Phase One Test Garlic, which was first 57a and then the lots.  After the actors came, they had cracked heels, there was very little cannon gas in demand, but did their bodies get enough rest? This glory will have to be kept forward but the volumes they have in trading are very less and I will tell them about the trading which if you invest in shares then the rest is a micro cap company worth Rs 50-100 crores.  If there are very few shares in it, then the money goes to the poor in it. What happens in that is that if there are less people to take the bills, then the price can be checked artificially, although everything else can be looted even by talking.  A government tax but you don't have that thing here, it is a normal job in real estate brother, I took it properly from you, did not get the registration done and Raees, that file will be transferred, gave some money in 15-20 days, two-four people gave it to him, this one gave it to him  Given that these works have started, it increases raids, but the question is how much is it actually taking and thank you sir, should it be taken or not, that is the subject of discussion that you are a  You can enjoy the rates of Chunari plots. Bye bye, something else will get will be the topic of discussion. At the end, I will have a complete conversation with you guys. What will be open to you guys, I will try to give that answer to you guys by asking clear-cut questions so that all our  If we think about the way people are thinking then I would first like to show a slide so that you can understand the percentage in the century and what will happen now, then I will try to show a proper presentation. This should be done by me only on Diet Friends Adams. Turn on the screen, I will show you that due to the 75% which we should use now and keep it or see this example edit I have taken from Deendayal Africa, look carefully at the screen, look carefully, okay, in this you  You can see that it is 75 percent, so the upper and lower 75 percent inside it, you understand it is built on the last, so look at the balcony behind it, it is not going back, it will end today itself.  There are four toilets and it is ending there, or if I reverse it, then some system like this will also come in the coming time. It will become twice the gas tanker template. Whatever design of the house you are seeing in it, right?  Bus depot side room size will become bigger, toilet will become bigger but this template coming your 75% concern chapter percentage village has been given he has looted so in rural areas he is saying in small plots which are in your  Those below 30 will be left to do Jaipal in it, it will not go back, and even in bigger plots, only 50% of the setback will go, which was earlier 213 looted up to six feet but could not be there. Even in very big plots, you can only get the setback which is  Up to 50% of it should be given to the child at the back and in small plots, the balcony will go at the back so that the one at the front, this one, the area that I am telling you, this one, this one, this one, this one, this one, this one, this one, this one, this one, this one, this one in the front, this one, this back area, and the front intersection.  If the system will be done in the same way, then this will find the setback which is in the front back in the real set, the part in this will welcome part of the covered area especially the rear fix till 75 which I am calculating, country bill also in diet Deendayal. Ground coverage plus 20% ok show from here on 25th Deendayal also had an area account and the subject was coupon shrink so yes next flight  Let's peek into it, let me explain to you, okay, in that, I you, I have a golden equation, I will explain it to you guys in this article, okay, back and went to the next flight, okay, that's my song, this is a golden related question, you understand it.  Ask carefully Yours has been developed, yours has been selected, the plot has been removed, it has become any sector there, if you want to make a builder floor then it is ok, give me ground coverage of 20% that is good for us, please do not ask questions, recordings on let back cover, I will  Answer all new white updation and previous soldier just listen toe and tire will ask product otherwise understanding should be mixed in it that if you are a builder brother in real estate today and you are a builder  If you want to try building a floor or have your own plant and want to sell it, then think of it like this, what will be a flop, if you start refit adventure then its cost will be So the portion of cost of land has gone into it. By that there will be construction cost. Z. The builder who wants to take his profit margin has gone to it. The cost of fund of the winner has also gone because that too is the cost of fund.  Also, we have to put it, that becomes more, so the cost of every ladies unit, there is cost of construction in it, it has been increased to 22, it is around that feet, left etc., it also becomes 24, there is a difference of how many specifications to do like this.  So this traditional is between 1902 ₹500 depending on the qualities builder margin I take or start dipping, I say go with zero but calculations  Also, does the cost of funds come to your house in zero, let's go with it as a snake, let's go with the chart person, okay then no, if my cost will fall out of line, okay then my big addition is okay, if the cost of construction increases, then also my straight line If I don't want to increase C, I will have to compromise on my profit margin. Now you understand, if I can remove most of the obscene areas from that cylinder, now first ball on that side. 10,000 Shud Lata Chakar is one late from Manzil and the owner of a plot of Dialogue Yard, I will also tell you about the competition of one plot. You know, from one note, juice of 10,000 square feet was coming out of me, so after this arrival, my temperature will shift by thousands.  Out of the full juice of Gaya supports, the shop became Rs 12,000, which means my cost per square feet got reduced, which means if I am a builder, then my cost is reduced. Today I am lucky enough to buy a plot quickly, if it is so big i.e. my cost per square feet is nine, it will be less for me because if I am more than that then I will have to do construction on it, then the Bible is fine in your mind, I will also keep my margin.  I will carry the SIM but it will be beneficial for me, okay, as the market discovers this formula, now the rates will gradually increase, some rates are already in the runup, some may fall like this.  If you had to explain the basic thing, then no what will happen as diet and Deendayal plants are already at percent ground coverage, this is your association, if it is five then there is no benefit to them in this thing, the animals are sitting on the first plus, but what will be the benefit if they  If there is a separate account in the area of ​​the staircase, then those people can make it a little special there also, it will become more open, even then you will be seeing that the people who have come out of Deen Dayal are signing with you people.  Change in layer also or Hussain feature acid type, you people must have given him a shock, you know that if you talk about the project where he has requested you and if the wedding is fine then he can give you thirty-forty feet space in it, fifty-sixty square feet square.  The space can increase up to feet and you will have to pay more than that, as if the carpet area is 50 feet and the installed area is nine thousand rupees, then you will have to pay another four and a half lakh rupees mentally. Prepared for the because of this rule of regulation, so this regulation is going to be changed, inside this it will work out like this, inside this you have to see that the cost of flight, if the plots are increasing, then wherever you hear, the big ones  Projects are being made for free and they are not being made out of thin air. Jaspal is making friends so it is not that his cost of funds will increase. If the cost of your Central Park lighter will increase then the project next door will increase.  It will also increase. There is a note in the middle, there is a walnut in the middle of the airline, there is a normal premium project in the middle, there is a lot of arbitrage here, the market is not working, the market is just going on pokersingh engine, it is just going on top of the plate.  ' Which is Pie' book comes out but when you buy it back, you have to register seven per cent of it. Even if it appreciates per cent, you have to sell it again and you have to take brokerage in buying also.  You have to pay even in selling shares and then again if you have to buy something then you have to see that if it is ten percent in short term then the government and the middlemen will eat the money. If you assume that the matter is 1520 questions big then you got 57 cents of the money. You understand. Even if I take a plot of ₹ 100 from my father, I will have to get it registered, I will not have to spend every day on it, then I have to send it and then buy it Akshar Shri, so you have to see that, don't believe in this market. The Loan Tinga Capacity in Tobacco Products Development Products This pledge If it is an item of Rs 1 crore then the circle rate is 70 lakhs 65 lakhs or if it returns to 60 lakhs then you get 70% of the loan amount then you are ok, you will get Rs 42 lakhs on that then if leave Earlier in this you don't have it and on top of that you also have to get it done like 45. If you don't have cream 162 light then you can get one crore.  Can't even buy a plot and a plot of one acre, so the family sent us to Gurgaon because when the welcome increases, then if you want to take your vote, then the rates of the plots are also 1.5 lakh and want to buy a plot of any different size. 20  June: If you allow Rs 23 crores then you have to see whether he will take something of three crores or he can take some other major station combination which we will discuss and this is what I can tell you about this.  I will tell you that the rates will increase as per the plot, it is fine and as long as a normal person can understand it in the market, there is still enough time till the rate will increase. Now this mixture is also very fast because there was no government, it is also okay to smoke. So you also remember this slide and there is one more Queensland, I will end on that, I will understand what my conclusion will be and that is on this side, you see my next flight which you have calculated.  If it was behind, then I have explained it to different people after the relation formula. In this, whom do I call referee tier ac3 tier ac three tier, if yours is Deendayal Upadhyay then it is the floor, then respect is the floor of Deendayal, he will comment 20% premium from C. Want.  Why would it be 2C because it is a boundary wall, there are some minutes in it, there are some specialties on it, she can think in the comment, if the lift breaks down, the repairmen will come.  The gomage is cleaned and it is ready in one go. It is not like a normal plot like the Deendayal Upadhyay plant, it is being built in the front as well as at the back, all of which are lying there, labor is free.  The trident of security that is roaming around will remain there, if it will be terminated in 20 years, even in your developed S-2-3, it has not yet been completed, or even in the opposite areas, those which have not been made yet will also be made.  So now when you are buying a vacant plot like that plot in Sector-25, Deen Dayal's public is buying it for Rs 70 thousand, then they will like that too, I have not refused, but there is an add on.  At the end of the day, if it creates memories, its carpet area will be smaller than the affordable one next to it, and if you have children with you, the thing that has been launched is worth Rs. 25 lakhs and which is yours.  It will be made at Deendayal's reception, it will be thirty three percent less than the one you make on Deendayal of 100 yards, it will be thirty percent smaller than what is affordable next door and it will also be 50% less nutritious. So this is the formula Deendayal Upadhyay, if the floor is made  You are taking what is being launched will do 1.2 second command which is add to tire one broken what do these products become your premium ultra  I am not talking premium, only premium APK apps like your Shapoorji Hero, the trading that is going on is fine, what is their rate, it is 1.3 C, so whenever you have to do the calculation in it, the costing will be calculated on the plot of BPTP.  It will turn out to be C and which F2 tire is yours? So wherever you are, see that you buy it next to it and buy it at a lower price. Find out the values ​​and buy that thing at that time. Play the phone blindly, this is not to say that the plate is useless in protect and protection because today's destruction is happening, it is in January in 2022, so where will the test be held tomorrow because there are many times in 28-11-2018 when the rates of light co are high.  There were actually less plots to create related and then gradually when the government first started increasing love, it only said that the registry of roles can be separate. Slowly he said, sorry, you can make the floor also, then he said, you can make the pain plus four, then he said, be careful and that those goals can be its, it is the pan six things that happened, those how to create folder, the rates of the flats are tablets.  But the rates of plots have become so high that the cost of one seal is increasing. If you set up a stand in a sector today, anyone would be good there, if I am talking about a difficult sector like Sector 45. Chapter 47434 Patti 6 is nutritious, don't talk about them, if we talk about these sectors, then they are also on this side, on 360 yards plot, if you see the posting of withdrawal, will be the price that is comfortable, premium apartments, idea, available at almost the same red debit. When the rate of The Builder Floor is coming out, then you people too should bow down and see where is the value in it. In the Supreme Court of One Construction, where I am.  I will also be pinched because of Hooda's fir jokes and I. What will you see next? Electric poles and coats, electric poles and stars, some vehicles, Rishi, trouble on a road and parking, coins, so you have to see that no more minutes will come out, she will not give.  There are some kidneys, some are not, people are going to make their own mistakes, after all, people from some other department get broken, and if they can't do all the work, then generally boy, generally the whole area was fixed which was a matter of concern.  There will be a withdrawal puncture towards Delhi. At the same time, Delhi too would have been under the rule of the brothels. People used to say that we are free vehicles, so this will put a dent on them. The ultra cooperation of Gurgaon is very important. Del Vino started living beings because of sisters, things here.  You will start growing in such a way that some different types of information will come here and you all will have to go in the next five years. The third one is my phone traffic.  The controller is like your Mahindra Lunia, the elevator has become a prank since morning, it will be of that level, AC-1, so it will be one, its posting comes out to be 1.4 C, here the goods train is fine, it has this general lift.  This is zero, four or five percent, it can be up or down, but I will give you the rough mathematics. Here you will see the value of the builder floor and the lower compartment in the nearest plot.  I want to do a comparison, I hope this is the thing, I am telling you that they can stop this sharing and they will cover the distance, you people can note this down, whenever you agree with these products then you can do the calculation like this, first there Go and calculate how much is this last one, how much is the correction and you already know about the winter margin, you will calculate it by zeroing it, only then this is something else where the builder margin will be 10 pieces, 25.  Percentage Now You Will See Then Value Edward Snowden Weight Reduce Singh Is Not Hearing Will Drop It Is Not Valid Just The Time Of Money Which Involves Making Winners Through Civil Promotes Recording Click Sharing School That Vikramaditya Ajay To That They Can Stop Sharing And Screen That  How did you guys like your Monday? First tell me in the comment section. Did you understand anything? You don't believe it at all. You do less and you clean it completely.  Do you enjoy it? When did you enjoy it? I didn't know. Please like and comment. This is written to the admin. I will tell you all. Okay, so I am giving my voice here, after that we will discuss whether it is like stock.  Market Upper Lip Lock Stock Market Is Reliance Industries Utsav Pimples Se Kuch To Man Kuch Tak At All Contact Other Is Well Lyon Blue Chips In It Limit Capsule Values ​​For Attempted Dynamic Situation Dynamic  Situation yesterday morning from People's Hour and the plot, I had said that she is good, she has returned, she will do well, such luck also seems to be continuous on democracy, okay, I will tell those who do not understand, those who are limited in old time, then they can understand quickly, knowledge was given to old students. Those who have not come will also be considered, okay I am telling you Deendayal Upadhyay's road distance location Dixit price buildwell compare to Deendayal Upadhyay's slots Deendayal  Upadhyay's plots, Aryavansh will promote education, there is nothing to be done, there is sewerage line and there is a lot of veg to witch enablement, there are a lot of them too, so all of you are going to flog your people for telling anything else. Why is Deendayal Upadhyay telling this about the plot?  One half, some very branded, many, some gold and silver have fallen on its location, fine, one base, when is the line, somewhere ahead in the line, it is not visible yet, all the people who have come out right now.  Deendayal Upadhyay's WhatsApp is very strong but if not this sentence then what is that advice? What is that advice? When the man comes and says everything is fine, different Sonu, this advice was given - Kalavati is a conviction, player should be called so that when the story is played or it happens.  It will be said, Bhai Saheb, come, really want to be advanced, Bahraich, I love it. It's okay, I am not clear to you right now, Jaspal is still in my mind, if you do n't believe in doing this research then why come? Advice or your everything will also increase, everything is good, take anything, all is good, real estate will be on fire, something is not on fire, just like the market capitalization of the stock market, neither a share goes down nor it goes up.  Its value changes up to and increases even more, ok but not this, take anything in the stock market today, ok then take anything, carat is the biggest but that has become a lame story and the drum itself is a little horse is a thought animal  Donkey, horse, horse and short story, till one time, everyone seems to be the same, now we are damaged on this, okay, these are big people, take this donkey, he would have been a child among the people of Lucknow, the builder who does not have such status, okay, he is the whole area  If you turn off some area code, if he makes a close, then he will be arrested somewhere and you will go to the jungles, go and sit in the corner and then people will tell that the question has arisen, when the share is the same, it has very less slot in development. find people  For the sake of equity also, to understand that the neck which is not being traded and is not being sold, no matter what the rate is, if you are not getting it, then brother, please return it, I will make it medium only, what will you do then whom?  The one who has his mind set on Prakash Utsav in his mind that if he has to take the laundry then he will take the plot on someone else and then it will go to all the groups, whichever group they can and so many big people will win, he must be there, so this is the truth that now  He  When it was ready, I went with all my might. Hey, if you have earned in that balance, then there will be fun in the jump. Like affordable housing, if you double the position for your gender, then everybody in everybody is happy there. You cannot sell the position in between for four years.  It happens that the position cannot be sold even at one point, there is a taste and date segment will develop affordable housing for this contest that when the winner is tomorrow  After five years people will see affordable housing such winners Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay Plants because to stop construction is still increasing There is a race in it There is a race among winterers Whatever you are feeling Those who do not have strength in winters, they do not know anything about these symptoms Construction  Who will make it? It takes life to make it. How many of you have the strength to make it while standing at home? Or is there someone like this in their family? Papa ji, is this a relative?  The one who will make it from the stand, if you have a present from the tractor, then he will extract all the juice on the contract, right? 24 24 He will take your money and the line, if you have taken it at an expensive price, then whatever product you will get, that product is yours, the product of Deendayal, Hussain, well.  Kut Paa, if you buy the regiment's cloth so expensive, repeat thank you, it is better from the market or from any shopkeeper, I do n't want to buy any cloth, I will make it as per my own, when will I make some in the market which is for the party? Shirt of MLA 4234 is running at Rs 3000 and your posting is Rs 4000, so what kind of wisdom do I have that yours is definitely not even made by joint machine, your tailor has killed the fresh collar center of the corner in it.  Master is of very good quality in the house you will build. The quality of the mechanic is very high in the interior. The quality of the plumber is very high. The quality of the interior decoration is very high. Salim Merchant Pear  Carpentry Quality Test Match Impress Fix How much construction is going on in Gurgaon, all the useful people are working for the people who have different shoulders, they are getting quota work, there is a lot of work to be done, so if you tell, from the tile installer to the carpenter.  From plumber to electrician, he is your painter, you will get everything for free, then time product will be winfree and if any so called inferior is not found in it, then you will get a lot of such good front end.  Thanks Amit, he will not come and those who have built houses, you can also see how many doctors are getting foam from the people, their pensions are dying, they have increased so much, those who had taken from the budget got shot, it is better than this in that famous So friend, give somewhere 70 lakhs, 72 lakhs, 75 lakhs, 72.5 lakhs, 78 lakhs to your friend, he is giving it by making Rs. 265 lakhs, he has bought a pot in it, that too is a big money, all the land is owned by the builder, he had also taken the plot which  The deal was done with Shiv at 10:30 a.m. by posting the plot at his rate of Rs 80 thousand 90 thousand 957, he is giving it his own twist but he was away and Rs 1.25 lakh has gone missing. His Rs 115000 and Rs 120000 are in Deendayal in Gurgaon.  If you want to hear about the product, please hear from me and it is not a recommendation, I just don't take it, it's okay, I am not taking the name in it, it's okay, but it is.  So the argument in this is that it is wet and is being sold because people have picked up the Chacha plot that if we see it, we will get the head and 20 arms of the plot. This is my name is correct in the modern day, it is fine, neither is it being sold.  Okay, so set up Affordable Housing Green Deendayal Upadhyay Slow Vote Green, those who are going to build builder floors in Sushant Lok and all these things, this investment in these, absolutely nothing is going to happen here anywhere.  The builder is not going to be here, he needs it to live, he is from Delhi and brother, he does not have loan taking capacity, that money is from another planet, it is his choice, he who does not have 24, he should not ask, ask him, the above process is fine.  So at that time, the good ones in your very premium segment will do very well with this plant because they will be made, will come, will be maintained, will earn. Now if someone comes then his air will be full, you people will see his written update. Hi Dad.  If you are a bill-voucher candidate, then it is not that whatever is there, open the line, press the rush, WhatsApp 2030, premium flats are coming, affordable housing department, one letter is fine, these are cream ones, these are one and a half-two, two-and-a- half-three CR flirting, 12345 which are existing, they should be out of inventory. Nothing is coming anywhere in the forest and as they live in fear, you saw DLF's overnight collapse inside the Cosmos of Delhi. Pitamah, okay, here I am, so we sent two 2015 rupees 100 crores in two days, if it is okay, then the public will decide on the laptop. Whatever is the quality, if they will buy the laptop, then do not give any tension to the My World is Very Clear commercial, otherwise by mistake. Don't even do it, it is okay, the government of Hazarika is making it a global city, it is okay and this is not a possible shop, so many are coming everywhere, so don't mistake it for commercial meaning.  Many people 's money is fulfilled but there are other ways to do it. Lottery tickets, Cryptocurrency, Non-physical Toxins, Read such different productions, Picture and let me tell you, Times Real Antique Special, you can invest in some, okay, not in commercial Gurgaon.  You can do Mind Spa Aarti 383 by getting a registered doctor's recommendation, it is okay if you have a cold, but as an example, I am telling you what is in it, etc.  It is a Real Estate Investment Trust and it has a very good Kotputli in which Jhagda has also invested money and it has Grade A property and it has 10 to 12 big commercial properties which are selling around crore square feet per day and even more. Check it out.  Take that on the prostate field, in different cities, nodi is given and in Pune and Hyderabad everywhere, that means full commission, if you go, then commercial rights people, who spread this spread, give 50 rupees everywhere.  Invite physically in virtual space in Gurgaon, it is up to 50 in the air, so see here, whatever air you want to buy, you can buy it in the treatment and in demand, you can buy it, all those on Myspace, if the ideal teacher cooks it, then let me know the name.  All my praises will be deserved. Okay, Atindriya Reid, one thing, I will tell you guys, you guys tell me the other two, okay, so I will finish recording and have.  Given Year Due Debt Madhavan Construction Affordable Housing Deendayal Flights Plus To Go For Being Stopped For Recording I'll Take Care