Hello friends, our topic today is real estate series, under real estate education, I have brought 30 which if you understand, then if you are looking for my property then it will be very easy for you to find it, comparison will be very easy and  If you have already purchased a property many years ago, then you can sell that property to these parents. You will have an idea of ​​the valuation of the properties and how good they are and what rate to click on.  If you have an idea, then stay connected with this video. And the first term is my loading. I have a lot of ideas about loading. I would first tell people the kidney definition of gas. Loading is like this. Calculate your carpet area of ​​your entire apartment and divide it by the super area.  Whatever Bhinder has told and its percentage will come. Depp the percentage that comes. Looking for you all, for example, if there is a flat of thousand feet and a flat of super area for Rs. 70 thousand. Its carpet area is seven hundred feet, so it should be less loud, loading loading loading, if you speak in ghagra, then there is nothing wrong in you, but what happened to the old one, the builders had shown the notification, subscribe, they made it commercial in the open field, so if that Sold them now just to subscribe from the school, there was nothing very bad in its advertisement, those people also explained why more people did it because people are in the open letter also, whether they like it or not, it has a back value.  There is open office, open common area, school, club house, open swimming pool, open grounds, which is available and the builder gave it to 12 and a half feet by saying 25 feet, but Joe got malaria in this, he made things later because the roles and regulations were not his spirit. Corruption is healthy, the present court has called for a king to get it punished with all these things. After the onset of darkness, transparency loading has increased a lot. Now you can check the details of any project. Whatever application you have, like site pages for Haryana, I buy property in the state, there will be a website, you can go to the project of that builder and see its detailed application, in which everything about this project is explained in detail.  It is known that how much is a house in total, how many are there in feet, how much is the road at present, how much is the payment in it, how many are the playgrounds, how are the swimming pools, what is the size of the club house, he took the exception, he has given the details and it cannot be changed at all, from that you have to exit.  to figure out  You will come to know that my tower which is Nirkhat is constructed in such an area, if you have it constructed then you can take out the loading very well. Keep doing the best thing and do it well as I tell you about Haryana in the most important state. In States in India, I am not able to tell the blend and it is thick, so it is mandatory to tell them the carpet area, then tell the carpet area inside, how much is the super area, also tell the carpet area.  Is it mandatory and with it we tell you the balcony or separately, so now the worry is that you should calculate this thing on any project which is not coming as much as the carpet area of ​​the business plus the balcony area which this person should calculate.  If you come from super area then the answer will be more than 70%, it means that the government has said that you cannot score more than thirty percent, so most of the answers I have set are 20120.  Comments 14178 So this comes in the middle of 377 Now in this you have this care friends that I told in the last video that I think that's the idea till now the second thing is the side is what I was trying to tell which I think maybe  Don't know what is the ratio of carpet area between this and dry ginger, if it is too less, not good, more than rotting hormone, then it cannot be more than thirty.  Now, if someone is making you feel restless, he is our cent percent of the society, then there is nothing to be happy about, I am talking about the premium segment, the plates are expensive, talk about the ones costlier than 108 1.2, the reason for this is this. That means that Tasty 5,000 is the first topic, my loss is that we add it to that, so you never have to feel that someone has to sell you. Earlier, they fooled you 10 years ago. Yes, how much.  It is open, see it is loading but how open it is and something has been made in it and if he has been cheated then that man has taken the cheat till that point, now he is cheated and if it is happening on the side, now what are he doing, will he make you so tight, then you will get more rate.  It is not given that if you understand your rotting, this is a very small subtle difference. If you do not understand this then you will have to connect. Okay, so loading seventy is ideal 634 sense Idea carpet area plus hair Korea 70% one.  It is a healthy mixture, if you take the loading towards 80%, then you are going towards affordable housing. Among the affordable housing, the loading is only face, if you submit this, you will get only one choice, then next I will add one tax on the density.  What is the number of units, the divide in the project is big, so if we think it is a project of 110 lakhs and there are 11 plots inside it. How much will the distick be? Click on 110 slides. There is another flight. There is another project in which we are getting 350 rupees from the net and share with us that how much extra is Tasty, you will have to compare these two in such a way that in this there is 50 and in this there is 110.  In this song of 110, you may be saying that I will give you a modeler kitchen. I felt in it that yes, they go astray, they leave such a big comparison, they give it, otherwise I will get a modeler kitchen.  In order to get a free dish of something like Rs 4 lakh 5 lakh, there would have been a big mistake in the calculation. You have to calculate this in which 1981 was cut with a cutter and all these people of 11 plots would stand down. The matters had to be done by someone because the vehicles.  Coming and going of people walking that is a lead so that thing you that thing feeling hungry It is not about your only slide that light is appointed standard for that I will talk about that separately  A mixture of churma, how to keep it, now I am on duty once in parikrama, whenever you complete two projects, reduce their rate, then these parameters are necessary. The loading has been picked at 7271 percent, which can be sold by clicking 7568.  You should have a flashlight there, so now you should check the loading 7271 once, it takes 2 minutes to match, it will go to G-20 because you all are almost there.  1609 will not be found by anyone in the zone. Okay, so that is the crush of one loading. You are the people of 2 years old, you are the people who have old slides in the old scriptures, you go and check, you had to take out your blue prints of the society and check how open it is.  How much is the area, how much is the voting, how much is divided, what is this thing in the campus, the number of flights that go, the area is divided among so many people, then if my channel is opened, your total from Alien Life is 10,000.  If there is square mithu na area and there are thousand plants then there is open area in one part on tank meats and if there are say 500 plates then if you send from 10,500 then 20 came then that means broom is less tasty, this flats is less and 4th same amount of land.  So it will be more open so be very careful in loading this straight you see like too much is also not board and  On seventy, seventy carpet area by the Supreme Court has been tightened by thirty percent, then you have to carry both these things along with you. How to check the prices of any project, then you should not go into it that it can be expensive and then you will see it. How much is a tax on density? If you have a tax on compatible tasty pakodas, then it will work. 1801's daughter seventh, then you have to remove the skin of the hair or three-four feet up and down, if somewhere you are getting leave and somewhere you have to  If you are getting under-10 then it has become double, now you have to watch this channel more in this, the typography says, two BHK goes in, there are 37 for goes, then the population will also be more accordingly for if there is a 4bhk inside the 2 BHK.  If there are more than 100 people, I cut the clip, then you also have to check how many feet of 2BHK, it will be a bit complicated, it is this kind of work, so you can ask me, if I will make a video, then it means more here.  Fat Fat You have understood by parading the buffalo, you can do it, like this third comes the inventory and there is inventory and this time it is important you this means that how many days of add current pace of face hand minute micro market real estate  I don't think that if I run out of all the inventory, then we will carry on with the quarter, but this value figure would change as normal. There is some form for easily available market path, which I make public, then I don't think it will be the tax of the city.  There is a lot of benefit in that, some cities are also very big, so for example, if you say that Mumbai was there for 5 years at some time, then the goods that are available for sale have to be made, the section has been made, the printer will make it, but the rate of selling the goods is like this. Whatever is there, to sell all the goods, sugar is at home for 5 years and I will tell you the next one, then see this and ask for the ball, like that, they are still being inventive and all India has reduced, it has reduced a lot.  Harish has different seriousness, I am also setting up horses on Dwarka Express, that too on Dwarka Express, he and he are eight days single digit of mother, how much is Anuj Sacrifice Project's kitna hai, what is it, if you don't have anything, Cricket Connect With.  Me but this is a very important metric and decision to be taken because earlier we used to go to Jhadu, if there is space for more inventory to come and that is you have taken and only like that, many flights would have gone and further then you have to take this  Krishna will ever be yours, it will be like this, buy more of Indirapuram after 27 years, then after three years in this, because if my land parcel is too much, the lets are less and the inventory to come is very good and that is when it is very-very important for you and in this  I will tell you on a small stage. Enter, after explaining the issue, I am stuck at some place in a business area where there is no gland left. There is some such area in Dubai. I will ask if there is some in Delhi. 12  If you are in Gurgaon also, then what do you think about a good builder and nothing can ever come around because there is light, if you don't believe that then you should grab such a project, it will be sorted out, then know what kind of opposition it is.  If you want to believe then I hope this teen tamsa people understood that if there is anything in it then you can connect with me and ask question then comment section and if you like the video then like share subscribe.  thanks that