Hello friends, I have a very good series and playlist of case studies. If you have not seen it then you can search for it or I will post it for you in the comment section. Seven-eight case studies have been posted. The topic of today's case study will be  It will remain a long distance marriage or you can also call it a long distance relationship, but in India marriage is the main thing, so I will take it according to marriage, this will not be a particular case study, this is my stem. I want to tell this thing by squeezing it out of experience, so here again we will take our imaginary character, the boy, the husband, the man, his name will be Rohit and the name of the woman and wife, we will take Neha, so today we will discuss and this is very important.  If you are in a long distance marriage or such a situation is going to be created that you will go into a long distance marriage, then this is very important and you must give this video to those in your family who are in this situation. This is an important video and I am a big player of this game. In terms of that, my understanding is very high. I have done a lot of marital consultations and have a lot of experience. It means I will not call myself a topper student, I will call myself a topper teacher. Okay, so please listen carefully. Whenever there is a long distance marriage, when we look at the reasons behind it, whether husband and wife are not able to live together or can live together, then one major reason that comes out is that there is no job.  The husband's job is such a place where the wife cannot go because the wife may have her own job, so one reason is very simple that we are away because of jobs, first I will analyze the situations, tell its effects, I will tell the solutions, Hopeless Nis Pe.  I will not leave it, this is a very important video for the society, you have to spread it a lot, it is your responsibility, so the first reason is that both Rohit and Neha have jobs and are different.  Due to this, people are living separately in cities. Okay, the second reason is that the long distance relationship is going on because the husband has a job, not the wife, but the husband's job is in a place where schools are not good or there are few places to stay.  It is not that right and he has left his wife at his Ansel place or home town, he cannot live here either, will the children 's education travel or is it a disadvantage for you to live here? There is no facility in these terms in a small town.  Rohit  He is posted in any profession, he can be in any profession, I am not able to analyze the profession whether he is in a PSU bank or in this government job or he is in other, why are the people in government jobs stuck in small cities and the ones in private jobs in big cities?  If you live in India, then I am telling you different templates, any one can fit for you, the main issue is long distance marriage, where you are far away, it is okay, after that there is a region and maybe the wife can also go to that place.  There is no problem but this Rohit ji, this Shravan Kumar wants to become Shravan Kumar who was the original eligible historical person who is there in his Mithal ji history or whatever we have in it, he was not married but many married people say that Shravan Kumar would become him.  Now I have brought you to serve my parents, my mother is unwell and since my mother cannot leave her house because she is very comfortable there, then I will work here and you  To serve them, this can also be a reason, okay, the reason may be any wish, the effects of long distance marriage are almost the most common, so we have seen these reasons, now we have to see this, it may be to live separately for any reason, you may have to live for a year.  If you have to stay for six months, if you have to stay for one and a half years, the marriage can withstand more than that, the marriage crumbles no matter how good the wife is and how good the husband is and here I will not suggest even for a minute that even the data in my WhatsApp  Is the talk going towards any extra marital affair? No, I will not suggest that either. Those who want to [ __ ] do not need all this, they program it anyway, I am not thinking about it at all and that is a danger. There is not that much danger, I am also going to give assurance to those who are living in long distance that it is not there, it is not that it happens at a distance, something happens but it can happen anyway. No pattern is visible because of this people  They are committed, they have children, everyone struggles, now what is the problem in this, most of all in long distance situations, where there are children, when the husband stays away for a long time, then whenever the husband comes to meet his wife during holidays, He cannot tolerate children for many days, this is the bitter truth of life, the biggest pain in this is for the man, women adjust a lot, the load comes on women, there is no infertility, but women create the ecosystem these days. Through technology, things are ordered at homes. In big cities, is it okay or is some mechanism made for sweeping, mopping and doing utensils? I am talking about the middle class audience. I am not talking about the very poor class here.  You have gone to work as a labourer, that is not my audience. Those who work as laborers, whose per capita income is less than Rs lakh to Rs lakh, those people are not mine, my audience is the middle class, so do n't confuse me with that.  Okay, so those women have made their own setup, it is the men who cry the most because where will they eat the food outside, their systems are very bad for eating, the worst thing is what happens to the man inside it, first of all.  I will tell you what bad happens, then what to do, how long to sustain, I am telling you if your social status is that of your family in society and you have TV, fridge, AC, bed, bed, clean, clean, cant, all these facilities, you and that internet.  Of  Router and it will feel that I am living separately. No matter how miserly a man is in running the house, he has to pay for separate food. Firstly, you were eating together, two rotis were being prepared for you, this much vegetable is being prepared and more. You are in the same house, she is doing the sweeping and mopping, she is doing the maid's job, the wife is sleeping in the same AC, the husband is sleeping next to her, then breaking any expenses will be huge, now the husband has to sleep separately, the expenses on everything are I will not say exactly.  It is double but if it is much more then the man is stingy on himself here, he lives in a cooler, he takes AC on rent, he lives in a small house, men themselves are not able to live with such cleanliness, no matter how many officials they have or how rich they are. In what position are you, how fully furnished are you, how do you live, that is the level of hygiene that they get by living with their family, which everyone likes but they do not have the habit of maintaining themselves and if  him that  If you want to maintain it at the same level, then there is the expense of that kind of maid, of sweeping and mopping, then how to get it done logistically, because he has gone to work, because the woman stays at home, then the realization comes, when the man lives separately, food is the most important thing.  There is a lot of compromise because whenever food is cooked outside, whenever a man cooks food from outside and you have to eat it, he does not care what oil is used, what is the quality of the vegetables, food is eaten in a big vessel, it is eaten daily.  It is not a good thing to eat food prepared by a big husband, food cooked in a small pan remains tasty, it is prepared comfortably at home, no matter how many issues there are, it is better than eating outside, so when you are staying away,  You have to do this cost benefit analysis when you are young, nothing gets spoiled so quickly when you are young, but what I am trying to say, now I will tell you the parameters and cut offs, never be in a  Situation I will repeat the time duration Never been a situation that you have to stay away from your family and your wife continuously for more than 2 years in your married life. Many people say no, no, we will live together for more than a year, now she is no longer together, now you  Will not say, what is the difference between two and two years and three days? There is the same difference as there is between 99 degree Celsius water and 100 degree Celsius, it turns into vapor. If only one degree Celsius is the cut off in life.  We have to stay because the temperature is the same, not that there was water at 1 degree and it turned into ice at 0 degree. Okay, so first of all you put this cut off, stay for two years, then stay together for two years, then stay apart, this can be a pattern once. If this is a repeated pattern of living together for two years, then living together separately, then going separately, then living again, then irritability will start creeping in. In life and in relationships, the children start considering their father useless. You are actually every man according to me.  It is just an ATM machine but realizing it on your face every day is a matter of great pain. Well, they have become a team, not against you but they have become like that, so you have to see whether it is worth it and what is the job.  Is it worth it, otherwise what should we do? A person like me comes for help. If you are struggling with such a situation and you want to get rid of your job and you are stuck in a government job which you feel like leaving.  And if you don't know what it is, then I will organize a workshop for it and you can write VRS and even if you are in private, it will be a part of VRS only, if you do not lose the job then you can write VRS on the number given below. Only if an addicted audience comes, I will do workshops for four, five or 10 people. I am not going to do them, but if there is a requirement in my subscriber base, then we will come in quantity on the number given below.  It will be equal to the fee of one pizza, it will be of two to two and a half hours, so you can join it. One of my relationship workshops has been a big hit. It has been recorded two weeks ago. If you want to purchase, it was very good.  That too will be available in the comment section, download it and purchase it. Let's move ahead with what I told you that in this, the man has to go along with the issues, logistics issues, money, health and all these problems go along with it.  In a family where there is a woman, there is a lot of tension because at a stage, especially boys and girls, they need the physical presence of their father, otherwise they do not come under control. Now under control, I do not say that after controlling the children, they have to be disciplined a lot.  More tough parenting should be done, but there is a lot of fear of the child getting spoiled, the mother does not care, where did she go for tuition, but this tuition is now from 6:00 to 7:00.  Why are you coming at 8:00, these issues are less with the father, I am talking about the typical middle Indian middle class, I am not bringing that from outside, okay, I am not becoming a moral science teacher, I am talking practical about you. What is the cost of spoilage of the child, tell me that you were away, it is not necessary that the child spoils, it is not necessary that he does not spoil when you are near, maybe even then he spoils, but how do you know how to do this in the cost analysis when the child  Some are in 11th, 12th and 10th, some are going to college. It is very, very necessary to have a father and there are many fathers who live far away because they have a job from which they are not able to get rid of because they do not understand what to do. You see there is a life living away from family is not worth at any cost because when you will become 80 85 years old and you will be dying on your death bed or you will B. Having some money, some money in bank account, some assets. Those moments that were gone by you, no one can bring back the 10-15 years that you stayed away, neither did those relationships remain like that, nor did your wife remain like that, nor did the cost benefit remain like that at that time.  If you analyze then you will always be in loss. I am saying that yes, you can live separately for two years. Yes, you can live separately once and then live together and get separated once more, but after that do not repeat this pattern and that is what Shravan Kumar said.  They leave their wives after marriage, they will not even get hell with their parents, this is the truth of life, any parent under 50 is doing the word 'do not deserve' so quickly that you bring a maid and give it to them. The unpaid one you marry, more than this you mean your wife, use the word 'human', what are you talking about, this is how service used to be in olden times, we are talking about two, there is no poor India, everyone has it, keeping it. If you want to bring it like this then bring a tree, give 25 Hajj, 20 Hajj, plant three brooms, we are not going to eat, don't get into this, the relationship will be ruined and if the husband is doing this, then the wives will leave their homes.  You can say, you can't keep it, you are going somewhere, then I repeat to the girls, never stay alone with your in-laws and father-in-law under any circumstances, this is India's number one social observer. Scientist Marital Consultation Consultant Guruji, what I have to say is to hyfy it so that I can give you more things from behind that I am the one, it is not worth it, it becomes very chilly, mother-in-law is what it is, father-in-law is not spoiling the society but spoiling the society.  I am not doing the work of saving the society, I am only working to save the society, marriages are not happening in this cycle, then they say that there is no need to do it, keep roaming around, you are the one of your family, you are marrying your parents.  You don't do it to get a girl for service, you do it to establish your family, no next generation has taken up the contract, they have absolutely no business with the life of their parents, they don't have their own life, they did it for you, so you do it for yourself.  If you do it for your children's children, if you do it for their children, then will they have nothing? Who said not to do anything, who said not to do anything, but the 55 year old strong man going to the job is your father and the strong man is yours.  If there is a mother then there is no need to give her dolls to play at home, no one else, it is okay, nothing is happening, no, she has pain in her legs and knees, no, she coughs a little bit or she has something, so that is okay.  Had the work been going on so bad, then you would have left the job and sat at home or would have been admitted to the hospital when the time would come when they would be 75, 80, 85. Yes, you have to help, you have to go, but by then it would have been 20 years of your marriage, would there be any problem? No, you should definitely do it, but when there is a need, because when there is no need, and I am telling this message to the elderly people, listen to this message very carefully. I have washed my hair but I am not in the elderly category, it is fine now, see how black and black my other things are.  Skin texture is fine otherwise people mistake which category you belong to and give me unnecessary respect and many people fight with me but please understand that I am the middle party between the youngsters and the elders.  If there is a gap, you should think about it, okay, so I am telling the elders that please do not create conditions in the life of your youngsters that by the time you actually need them, they are already mature or your daughter-in-law has already run away. And your son has been divorced, then nothing is going to happen to you, you have driven away one of your daughters-in-law, so today the market that was there 253 years ago is no longer the same, where divorce was a stigma.  On the forehead of a woman, one will come and go, six will come, it is not that, these days the girls who are divorced, they get a fresh wash without being married, the one who gets divorced gets a fresh girl, I feel a little like this in speaking the word fresh.  Do you also know what it means if you are not married then you will not get divorce or widowhood? This is also from a worldly market, I am taking it from a marriage market to a commentator. Don't come here and troll me for my words.  I am the best observer of the marriage cricket match going on in the society and I am telling you the situation as I have seen it with my own eyes, so staying away is never worth it, brothers and sisters, it is never worth it. The body will get spoiled, the soul will get spoiled, you will also go with the money.  You are staying away only because of money, there is no other reason and that money can be earned, only that much can be earned and if your child's education is a bit of a journey then make him travel a bit, this is also a pass.  keep it because  If it gets worse then what will you treat it, this is also one that is fine where women are not leaving the job for some reason, where men are working, men can leave the job and come with the woman and do something to help the woman leave the job.  There is nothing much left, this is also a fact of life, if a woman gets a job as a teacher in a good government school or in a bank or gets any such job, if she is fit then she will not be able to leave it and do anything great, this is a fact and she will feel bad.  What do you do to people?  Feminist and what is this not? Feminist is not what Male Shanis, women can't do everything, no, man, women will get jobs, there is no need to free them, they become very comfortable, they don't give a man, they are the only ones who come out of the comfort zone and do something more easy.  If you can then in this case the man will have to leave his job and come to the woman and especially if you have settled in a big city then it becomes that much more easy to survive this.  This is the message I hope it is taken positively Please spread this message Subscribe to the channel You may also find a webinar info group in the comment section Thank you very much