Hello friends, very interesting topic, character test of a mother and a woman in a marriage, character test and also loyalty test. You can do loyalty test on husband and wife. Loyalty of woman and wife is checked when the husband is the lowest in his life.  Due to this, job is lost, money is lost, money is wasted, loss is incurred; whenever man's status comes lowest in marriage, then woman's  Behavior and loyalty bill should be tested. This is the time to know when marriage is tested. Many people do not realize this and on the contrary, when is a man tested? When is a man's character and integrity tested? When is marriage? Years and years have passed and the man now turns his back on his life in terms of money, fame, fame and money, earning and cash flow. When they say, 'Na nikal padi ki, its time started or nikal padi us, what does he do at the time when his  take out  When a person falls in life, what he does shows his character. Here I will explain a little more about the second thing, I will also explain it for men and women, I will leave a little in this video for now, okay, I will talk about men, you saw.  There must be many men who when they become successful, the women who were with them when they were not that successful, I am doing that in the women's world because nowadays it has become a very modern era, the wife is not doing that, okay?  You can understand your partner or whatever, but mostly the wife will agree that we leave our wives when they become very rich and famous. We will also discuss their psychology and its aspects as to what happens next, even by taking half an example.  Will try to discuss so that you understand this aspect, no one makes such videos, if you like it, you enjoy it, then write amazing because there is a psychology, you married this woman, you were here like this, this is your psychology.  There is a lot of psychology of marital marriage and we have to be free from it many times. If we have to give a good marriage, this is our marriage also because many people are not even getting married in this matter. If you were here then you thought that you deserved it.  That your status was only limited to get only this time, now this will be your status. Yes, as the time passed, it was good, you got fame, you got success, you got money, there is cash flow, now this woman seems like this to you.  Now you think, why don't I find someone here who is of my status, now she is of my status, she is from my circle, she is worthy of me, she is very beautiful, sexy and now it would be fun if she looks like my trophy wife type or takes a photo with me.  Have you come or have some such feelings? What is the biggest problem at this time that a person is never happy? I don't know, after doing such things, big film stars have done such things, when their pictures got into the big league, first they got married to someone of their own age.  from someone Big mother, take this, whatever success you get, tell me which are the stars, male star, two marriages each is fine, why did he not marry the third one in the story, maybe yes, he will do only two, it is fine, prayed for both of them, 2 more Okay, if you are on the third side, then you should see that he cannot be happy because whoever is not talking about this kind of film star, no person can be happy because if you sit in an auto.  were with someone  And now you have the taste of sitting in a bag mentally in a BMW, so you will enjoy it more because of the sense of achievement, you will continue with it, that is why your struggle, poverty is good, it is the witness of your life, because when you left it, that  The one who was the witness of your life and was necessary, the one who was your struggle has disappeared, now the person who is a new couple in your life is not connected, it is okay for him, his status is this and this is yours only then. Now due to some reason, your status is the same, even a little bit here, then for this you will become what she will be for you, if you have to understand this then many people live in this stress, you no cup up with. This success and it is very difficult anytime in life, you see that if you are at this level and you reach this level then it is always difficult to stay at this level, every person has one pick, after that then that story comes here.  he doesn't come here  Again, but after coming here, the story gets settled here, but it gets settled here but the day after tomorrow, the one who has left it, because if he had not left it, then for him, this is also a very great season of happiness, this is also great, this is also great, this is also great.  If you come here again on the side of the great bus, then this is the right bill, accept here also because it is good, scenery only but big time, okay, then this man forgets and makes a big mistake that she was your Lakshmi, your Venus was his.  It was due to luck that you reached here. There is also another actor who committed suicide without getting married. Same thing happened to him. Male actor, if you know, he was a TV star earlier and he had a female TV star with whom he had a good relationship.  And the world knew that Gaurav was dating a lot and seemed like a very good couple but when they were thrown out then it was a different kind of thing and left him, we will not discuss much about him, he is a deceased person but his character type will not be discussed much. but maybe you tell me if  I feel that if he had stayed grounded with them then perhaps this unfortunate incident would not have happened in his life, perhaps it would not have happened because that grounded person is very important in your life when you are flying in the air.  That is the Mahadasha of Rahu and Rahu acts and the wind is blowing and you feel that the world is at my feet. The world never remains at anyone's feet. Even the clouds remain after a limit. Then it rains and the clouds disappear.  There is a time for everything, so do it in time, whatever you see with you, friends may change, new friends may be made, many other things may happen, but your life partner, your partner, your wife, leave her like this, when you throw out this very sin in your home.  And according to me, whatever punishment or pain it is, it is not in the next life, it has to be endured in this life and it plays out in front of us. You also see, is such a play out happening in your life? According to astrology, this is advice to all men at any time in life.  Tell me according to rituals, tell me according to karmic theory, tell me according to practical, tell me according to humanity, tell me according to psychology, tell me according to scientific anything, tell me you want to keep me together, it is okay in life.  You have become out of shape, anything could have happened, you can also become weird, anything else can happen, encourage me to do things because those who keep themselves with me in life, have the same success. You see, there are some such actors, it is fine Shahrukh. Mine  Okay, you will go, you will be successful and then there will be struggle, nothing will work for 4-5 years, then you will go down and then you will come up because that is the society, right in the society, you see, you have Bill Gates, as soon as you get married, no one asks.  You look at Bill Gates, now what is his formation, what is his trust, he is roaming here and there, no one asks, after that once he gets whatever is happening in your marriage, then the man is finished, when will the woman become this?  Behind Success Non  Success is something that I don't believe in very much. A man can achieve success through his hard work, but a woman who is with you can check her contribution directly in your success, but you don't know which energy and how to play out that star.  Also, in your so called note, even in affluence, giving up that kind of thing, being diverse and doing things like that, the society that we Americans are in today, where 50% is okay, that too is not good.  It's late where we don't take so much living in color and do n't take myself properly, still we are Indians, okay, so this was an aspect, character is rooted in test, whenever you do good, I believe that your better half  - He has to actually share the success, he has to share the wealth, he has to share it, he has to become part of the success and he feels that yes this has happened, then there was a journey inside it, in this journey I was with this person and he  Journey is showing this destination which is a very beautiful and good destination, so today we are seeing it, maybe tomorrow we have to see something else which is not as good, even if it is not that good, we will stay together, okay, so with this feeling I am  Thoughts, life should be lived because that's what happened, you make this video offline, I have been getting such a feeling in many consultations that I am just seeing that pattern, fill it out 10 times, people, you are fine and the reason is that your right now  You didn't even leave me, now you are leaving me because I threw you out and then you got with someone else because you are a desert, you thought you were with someone else. By doing the types related to desserts, there are only basic reasons to eat, rest of the things to eat are nonsense, you invent 50 reasons for yourself.  This is Karan but in this Karan I can tell this much that the person is not happy, Rahat got married, look at those actors, if you see a smile on their face, they have to write it on their hand.  Something for the second one, brother, now I will not leave your hard work. See, I have written on my hand that I am leaving the first one and now it is a relief like a peacock's life. You will never see a smile on your face. Look at the man, how beautiful he is. Do it so successfully that the smile is not visible on the face, it is not visible on the face, it is okay even in the big time of marriage, I will tell you one more thing that one should not give up the marriage so soon and if you want a video on that too, then tell me the thousand reasons for breaking it. one inside  Even if you don't want to break the reason, you should take the child. This message is ok and I will tell about it in the video. I will tell about what I do in the consultation. If you people are interested then please write in the comment area that please make video on date aspect also.  off marriage thank you very match