Jhaal ki aapke I will be covering microeconomics little bit microeconomics and for real estate and general gilt and water luck today this end user consumer customer common man insurance addition in front of name and every and what are heads and every option so first of all India The inflation rate has told the government seven percent behavior information of 8.5 per cent in its species something and  Of last time gives disinformation works less 1992 and understand son so long ago elections were there you understand basic that normal inflation in US remains at 2% in India missile remains at 25 cents improvement difference is 250 between India and poets and 4% this is the difference only.  In our currency, dialysis was repeated every year, so if the rupee gets shocked by ₹ 10, it becomes 76.  If there was that but then I got this with this Pacific Mix, there is no special natural in turmeric that in the past country, there is St. Mary's on Relation 2, then mine is four percent more, then my currency will be four percent value than yours, if the normal Ganesha is getting more.  So any two bhi border and if it is not happening then see the next 925 and dimple Exports Nagar teacher Pradeep Verma write like what happened till this everything is upside down and straight  Keep inflation at eight and a half percent. In practice, you are more than that. This is the rupee against the dollar. In this way, we call it * any other flag or pistachio in the example in 7721 Responsive AP, but I tell you from the article for were revised that if the rupee against the dollar.  ₹ 90 becomes active in one year-one and a half year or two years. I am going to deepen it but just after understanding it goes till 1950, okay.  Motivation and Mix: So the annual prize fly people are in our America, their ability to buy property has increased a lot, it has increased by twenty percent because first they got their money in dollars and here and they appreciated the dollar by 20%. Now it will cost Rs 160000. If you understand the basic thing about this cycle, then man enters cycle and etc. cycle started this seat. How much people will understand how much Devidin wastes.  What will happen? The topic of discussion over tea is how will it be in the times to come. Well, incidentally, a few days ago, I had told one thing that developers are not getting lines in Gurgaon and there is a big problem in the I Thing video.  It is beneficial, it should be fine and the admit card will be in the article tomorrow the day after tomorrow, the article on New or Economic Times is the same thing, Chaggi gets great pleasure, exactly the thing because you, I do not read newspapers, I am not the only one. Sent to subscribe that Sir, you had made the video one and a half month ago, look now it is written in the same British English and is telling the same thing, so when Aaj Tak returned to the bar, wanted to tell you this, till the time you were highlighted in the newspaper that the old  Because you know that I had made that video, okay old subscribe sir, you know that I made the article through you, you know that I instructed the article to write the date of the article along with it, okay I made a moment in the beginning or March.  At the end of the day, it was said that this problem is coming to the developers, then they used to ask the time zone of Louis that as long as there was a stoppage in the newspaper in the market, till then the account of the cream should be kept quiet, then more Sarai Road News would be posted on the lines where to get. Till the time the information is from real information, it will be served to the common man, remember the cream has been eaten, Soldiers Payment Service, either these are doctors, as many as whenever they speak, brother distance from this.  Tweet key has filled its buyers long ago and till now, after that it gives that and information and then and else it happens and the one where you take information for free, it can happen at any time but there are a few trees.  The first one will be more beneficial, this is a learning from your comics, Kailash Yadav, one country's Mohit, so it's like where it is connected through this and tell me something if it is ongoing then you may have added it by subscribing. Whatever is written to become platinum members, it's coming one we cost normally Sunday Jwala you know I do now pet believe otherwise enemies see sexual harassment I don't have as much energy to justify so shop for free no matter how much perform  Do it for Nobody, thank you so much that I did not enjoy it, okay, although I have a lot of good things to tell you, it is okay with you guys, if you get to know something new somewhere then P  Write to the admin so that I know that yes audience sewing is fine and if you fry Jayanti with anything anywhere then please write the ID so what is not happening in the convent, the government printed money by suppressing the US court, the Indian government Who is the official government, isn't that money? We are at a good store because the problem of US goes on all over the world. Director has been placed in the letter. India's rupees will be deposited if too many are printed.  So you have to see that around 25 lakh crores of cash was deposited in this CAT of 16 lakh crores when demonetization took place. It has been 5 and a half years since demonetization, so you think, ₹ 1000000 crores, 10 lakh crores more notes, sixes are fine, so this information is.  This definitely happens, no matter how big your salary is, do n't think that your salary is big, here the thought is in question because the actual Purchasing power is defined as what is bought. When you look at the numbers and Hans' salary, if in 2010 a flat was available in a listed market for Rs 50 lakh and someone's salary at that time was thousands of rupees, then till now  Its 0 is that the factors of salary are now the same person who has grown further in life, today at what rate is the same sequence flight, how many Mansour are on salary than this?  If affordability is checked then this accountability of these was all time low eight months ago i.e. it was very affordable but now the prices have started increasing. Now it is very difficult to understand the prices which are increasing. Please, I will explain the price which is quoted and which is not.  The deal is being done and there is no transparency in the discount, it used to be clear when it appeared long ago, but now there are more players in the market, they will further increase the rate by 14521 and then they will say. Someone will say that they will pay rent for 2 years, I will get this ten percent track, then five percent like this, then when will they remove the activity, no one knows how much the activity cost, and they will keep removing other things from me for two, three, four months. If they pay this price for rent, then everyday, all this. History based on SDS Price: This is the price of a piece, I am getting it at this price, now after a few days, some new avatar is getting it at this price, but for the price of fee, I am getting it at this price, then after a few days, I am getting it at this price.  grind on too  Now given the prize, that is a wonderful point, don't ever know that this is the time when they come to know, those people come to know, it is very beautiful complete, do that I want to buy this, what is the rate, this work, while you took it, tag him  Give me the constitution I'm about to peon this after I keep telling the rate under my destruction In this way you people who are old people remain a little crackers even today I will tell the merit now things  I have died, I will tell you the rates of things, I will answer any of yours, I tell these people to be in the market, always be in the market, Vikas Bank Manickam strode on the way, the conviction came, you don't know, but it was the history of the market, the time to pull the trigger bill s.  Fair that stamp, you will start your own conviction, you will not go to visit that brother, if this is true then you also know about Sona, you know about New Gurgaon, you know about Dwarka Express. You have a golden belt, you are fixed on boil training, you know the rates of everything, you know about Libertines, that fresh mandate adds to the beauty, Shakur ji Hero Homes, you know about the first noose, the new coming one, you also know about it in MP3. Whatever scenes and products you know, how much and subscriptions are happening in affordable housing, you can do all this yourself, but you will keep the pulse of the market like.  If it is for bridge tomorrow then how many applications were received, before that it was royal green, before that 5,000 applications will come, what happened in which cent, then always whose market, this is the most interesting thing, it is in the real market instead of reading the journal article, real estate is doing in the newspaper.  When is Doing Bed is Good You Are Buying a Flat or Buying a Floor or Buying a Plot You are Not Buying Real Estate for Different People Talk How is the Indian Stock Market You Are You Mine Dal Market Market Capitalization Is Don't Know How Many Lakhs of Crores Have You Bought Shares of a Company with a Chuntku? Read About That Company  The market is on fire, it is okay that this mutual fund has taken it, the tension is not increasing, the other one is on fire, so never join the common customers.  One who talks big, Jo Jodi packs TV, then what is the benefit in talking big, By talking big, a man can be freed, Otherwise, like I am, I came and was, but astrology is helpful to me in prediction, similarly my one of the lady.  Bread Inverter Exploit Specific Sure Prediction I know when you want edit exit your will be fine if it happens then it will happen like that yoga place notification also testis who is the prediction for 205  That your neck should be held in it if it is wrong and if you find it wrong to speak then see this turnoff Oye you fool do all of them these advisors are coming in the market related Has to be very clear this is the liquid will be discussing  Samay New Gurgaon Vs Sona Karunga I Will Tell In This Site It Will Involve Politics It Will Involve Religion And Will Involve Account It Will Involve  Class all these four things cannot be talked about in public for a minute, the mayor of UNO and sustainable result but these four things cut economics, so I am such a student of economics as a related guarantor, he is an investor advertiser and I hold this thing because it is ultimately disinfected how.  Many of you are from please can you type angry birds from rohtak train new type please below in active admin rohtak  Who are the makers from you? I will tell you that we should not feel ashamed in talking about how all the administrators are disinfected. Whatever we have till our center in Rohtak, whatever is in Hisar of Rohtak is fine, but till that example, this is a sector in Rohtak.  I will not give the exam recording in Sector P-3, Sector 3. It is okay, if the exam recording will stop, then the demand is okay. You are the people on this site, you are also afraid.  We are also scared, it is fine till now, then that time is 2 to 9 people from friends, I will open the capture to everyone, after the recording, the exam time is then schedule probe into Yug's how politics religion cast disappointed all the thing secretary electric app Vihar to monitor under this  Note that I am increasing golf birds things exist in the market and Yash Number character act in the market for this Vikram Microeconomics Class 10 Minutes Bacteria and to be added to  Tell you people, Hey brother, your age is decreasing, your intelligence is very backward, Micromax, the world will be as much as your social media is, this TV media is yours, politicians will take you towards big things, you are good for all, how much was the handkerchief at that time, how much are you, this is  Talk about left and right, village. Okay, now it is easy for you to talk about this because this is what is being discussed in the market. It is difficult to discuss what is affecting your life because it starts causing pain because the decision.  What is wrong Lia and Upsenti Turtle is real Meaning Discussing your child's exam results Discussing his subject Discussing the quality of your marital life Discussing your relationship with parents Tamarind Discussing Circumcision This Something Witch Creates Press ID Folds a Distracted Man But there is more effort as to what is going on in this, what is going on in cricket, what is going on in general politics, what is going on even among Hindus and Muslims, what is going on with BJP and Congress.  Friends, what is going on with the Aam Aadmi Party, it is fun to do all this, friends, under which you have switched on the TV, you have also seen Angola with a lot of laughter, depending Mohan, in your age group, you are like this, it is okay then it is given.  If things which are expecting come through you want to discuss micro and micro please which is micro then Mi uie then micro is so MLA so you guys are ok micro is so ML Ek tofik officer trembling joints kitna  If you want to avail the benefit, please tell me the details of both of them. Punjab State Bank has given the micro one, then write Mi and what will be in white, you will make intelligent sound, it will sound okay, you will reach inside the party, you will sound good English, the more hi-fi you have. I talk about the common man who has reached Hi-Fi by talking, now he is the one who eats his own bread. Let's talk more, but talking about Hi-Fi means that I have lost my land. connected to the right way connected to the ground  It is very difficult to unmute it, now like I do in every way, if life goes away, then your pain increases, you played this for the politicians, they win with so many votes, this too, they take votes by telling some distances, won't they, brothers and sisters, it's time  I had heard anything from school, this is politics, this is benefit, the whole country is an idea, this is our country, the feeling is based on that, this is where Ramesh is, I have to look at the real estate, I look after you, I monitor that.  Feelings, what do people do, the meaning of infrastructure also goes to logic, if there is logic, if logic is related to inverter, then the inspector of Mumbai has got a worker, many places want to vibrate, this is a wide spread, it is 1617 times through fire tenders.  There is no better infrastructure and people do not see this and if the infection was logical then this proposal of Noida would be... Twitter The  Gurgaon to Bhai Ghanta is on this list, dip into U tail in Noida campus, talk about CBSE Mathematics, Inspector of Noida is sitting here, take photo of Gurgaon today, make a competition of the entire city and if you pull out hair on YouTube then who will be the winner?  So in Noida, there is Noida-Greater Computer and 1 Year Font, there is an airport in Gurgaon, there is Kansai Airport Airport, this airport has been there for the last 70 years.  The airport was there in 1950 also, it was there in 1955 also, it was also there in 73rd *, so it was always in the report, why was the circular carat not always more than this, people keep telling this answer every day, because airport and nothing to do with Gurgaon record, you will get it at the airport.  Know how many airports are there in Maharashtra, if there is an airport in UP, then this microeconomics is being developed, I will come to the point below, the rate will be there, if you come to the airport, then observation and co- relation is not wrong.  Tips for example: A [ __ ] calls kuru kuru in the morning and the sun goes up, then if this [ __ ] starts thinking that I started it and is angry at me for starting it, then it is a wrong thinking, isn't it? Both the time and events of the event are on both sides here, the [ __ ].  Cuckoo crows and here both the things like sun are there, maintenance is being done, if you are enjoying then write this chilli which will give you reservation rob, think that the [ __ ] is starting and the solar eclipse is now think [ __ ].  That brother, if I don't do anything, it will be morning the next day, then it is not wrong to think, but what is the argument of everyday, when I have power, I should ignore it, accept, you wicket gets sick, then see if the next day comes or not, you will know.  That is, if you wrongly think that the real estate of village or Gurgaon will be exchanged with the airport, then you will change the airport and the world will laugh in a life like Kasravad. Well, what happens in laughing, then it was believed that it was honorable.  Like, in the 21st century online, if you are the first one to bring them, then trading started, people started buying them, their prices have increased, now like plots are being traded, now the rates of plots are increasing in Jewar Airport.  Should we listen to you, Honorable? What rate did we get? I got pregnant. I wish that the rate will increase even more and complete the survey. Then no one will buy even a few passes. This is the parcel. One day the music will stop. Passing.  The Parcel, when we used to play Happy Birthday on birthdays, when the music stopped, the one who had the music stopped, brothers and sisters, that day we had to recite it. You all must have played it, but how is passing The Parcel from somewhere?  There were facts in a hurry and the music was turning and the person who had a birthday at home asked father or mother to drop the control or turn off the electronic music, then music is playing here too, now this news is going on.  There is no one person to turn it on, nor is there a person to stop it, but those who tease me like I consider myself to be patient, they can see that the music is also fond of being stopped, who has kept the music on and how can they do that?  There is involvement of players and symptoms start appearing when the music stops, okay then there are many people who do not mean that what happens in the party at times when people drink too much alcohol, okay then the DJ stops, okay one  his time is coming  By the way, many people are like this, they are fond of dancing, they will dance even in the generator, the flag is from, the sound will be muted for him, it has been put up, keep in mind that Kumar has come, so brother, I have to dance on the sound of the generator too, I am in the mood.  So here also it will be like this, it will stop, how many creators will be found on the updater, you are right, many people are laughing, it is gold digger, okay, people are going to dance on Hansraj Enter, you had an ABCD party in your life, it was an appointment. DJ's music has stopped, dancing people are also on the agenda, some shopping hybrid SIM, the ABC and people can lose, okay, if the opposition has said it, it will be Vinayak and will follow, see if you don't, then I have music yoga dates even after people.  Rao Padi, 25 people, 50 lakh people are dancing, if there is chadhi hui and chana, then again the thing is that when the money is received through inheritance or any wrong kind of money, then he is also investing it in the plot and Rates are increasing high, its not no money you have and your remote list phone tenure of two boys square meter plot for one crore water in Jewar and sit amet and 150 by 15th August opposition you have taken loan for your daughter's marriage  You have put 20 crore rupees in your child's insolent retirement fund. Do n't mind, then put that anti low anti slot printing location in it.  68th Inside view of Candy Crush Romance in two meters, habit is fog on the bed, you have not bought interference in life till date, mutual fund has not dropped FD, affordable housing, you are also buying Sita Don Sanjeevan token, Lakshmi's guy is fine, Lakshmi guy  It is okay, so that is a non-physical top. If you are starting your journey from this, without making a dress, then Guddu is less, but you have made your property, you were patient. To Ajay that you have made your property, you have a body, you have bought shares, you have taken mutual funds, your colors are round, you have taken this my egg, you can find New York, you have taken it, you have invested in top oil company Sanofi Aventis, message decision, your Amazon alphabet is fine.  And all this Apple should be taken by your everyone from investors, now also Jewar Airport is not refusing people in the measures, so remember Ratan Rishu is fine in this  If you have understood your life TK example, if the app is fine then how are you Mani definition and quality of life in this issue is getting stuck then you are not worth telling the story to anyone children because your one crore is stuck in life one Amrapali's in Greater Noida and 1  Not till the minute and it is seriously on a doli somewhere in Gurgaon Dandruff first you will not get cured here except in Kundli Cantonment area  Is it sitting in the wrong place of yours, is it okay or is there something wrong with you, there are many big things to show for the wedding, please show these things, okay, so now Jeans Top 10 Recording of Distinct 9 and will cover, after this Oil Tech Questions New  Gurgaon and Sona I will cover with