That Hello friends, good for real estate news is coming which I will try to dictate. First is Mahira Homes pet license canceled and second is this 25 is a boy. Now we will discuss these two on Dwarka Expressway. First of all is the woman 's Chhath license.  It has been canceled by the government. I want to ask that the first thing is that when the license was given, the documentation was not checked. Are such provisions not fitted within the line that if  Hail Party people, if you are a party then you tell them that yes, both of you agree, Khushi has given money to you, the project should move ahead or you can move ahead when the market is booming. There is a part about such appointments, I don't know how to read it.  Here I refer someone, I am using, from my side, I understand the thing, I am telling that the documentation was fake signature, there was some tissue of bank guarantee and some other issues also.  If this mechanism was not there earlier, because how much spread has happened, tell me, now this government has taken over this project, government will take more and will finish it for the first test, till now all the stories were that there is an escrow account, it is a safety net, they do it through this. If it happens then it will happen like this. Now is the time for the general public to see whether it is The Talk or whether it is the provisions written on paper itself.  If there is then diet waste is the I will not a good thing, the thing has gone bad but it is time to see. If you follow Gurgaon related market then you will have to follow this story in future because this is the whistle of pressure cooker. And there is feminism in safety, he works, 70% of the astro money remains, the government has also given orders to freeze the escrow account of the builder, now there are builder's projects in it and his people too.  If he is getting very distracted, then I would say that now there is no need for him to get distracted and disappointed. You will not cancel the money, you will not do it, you want an individual, but the government and this will be so messed up, subscribe for the government because it is simple, here by default the government and it is covered.  Take and tax self appointed money government or make it from him as if he made it then cover it but where his dispute he will need doctor appointed imagination then this was my first tweet which I Had to tell about Gurgaon related, second thing comes, second thing is needed to complete Ji Maharaj. News is coming. 25 If you have seen the news of Ekta, then we have to see this. We had to discuss a little from time to time. Quality was a floating topic, but politics was the tip of the iceberg by subscribing.  It can be said that politically, if the government is formed then it is okay, then while subscribing, it means that it is a party, if a small word comes out of his mouth about these things.  It happens to me only in this, what is this, is it a torch light or is there some current, from it to you, why does it happen every time? Second, 12561, first, we are making, now mine has also been measured by aviation, let's also understand everything, mix not every.  Thing Shoaib Vishesh Something they know very well Okay so I want to ask what is the helicopter now? Whose helicopter will this helicopter be?  It will be from the government and it can be set up by helicopter because by getting as much information as I can by subscribing, I can save time which would take 24 hours and if I can reach there in 10 minutes or 15 minutes by helicopter, then there is one thing, here we are sitting in the middle of the village.  Is on Dwarka Expressway Subscribe Is your brother who will go from here, where will he go and from where will he come, meaning I can assume that if there are symptoms in 5 years, then any leader will leave his place from here.  Attended the rally, came back, took off from here, did a rally in Mahendragarh, Narnaul, did a rally in Rewari, if you do it there, it makes a little sense, but this is a 5 year event, Man Singh, what is its brand, is it registered from Lucknow?  Here in the helicopter, Lucknow is very far from Lucknow, many Indira Gandhi pages come there, if you operate it, just because it is coming on Dwarka Express, just because I praise the Dwarka Expressway.  Meaning, I have taken this line for everything, because what is it, it looks very positive on such a newspaper, is n't it? You sat in the helicopter, I sat, so who sat, ask this, I had also made a metro, even at that time people felt very bad about it.  I was wondering why the Metro will come, I had also told you, many of these people followed the logic that today we have to talk only in company, so now we have announced that it will become a white elephant because when they come together in a city  But if it progresses then there is a lot of money generation from that city, the government turns the blinds on, taxes are also coming, subsidies, CIDC, threatening so and so is enough because it is a lot of fun, it is not like raising a white elephant, people are fine with everything.  Now, the DPR that has been sent to the government for approval, cannot be shown to the common man, whether it is from Haryana or from Gurgaon and we should go to the collective.  It is in your mind that you cannot give us input, that it is not right to tell us, are we such common people that you do n't even want to do anything to us, we have sent something for you because there are drafts for many important things like increasing FIR.  A little bit has to be done, comments are sought in a month because of Ultimate, the money is on tax, brother, you are the one who becomes Buddha in 2 years, not Prithla, because of this, then the accountability of the money will be fixed. 251 is gold, Dwarka Expressway. But if the government does not give the option, if the land is given, then I don't know how much money can be earned and with that money I don't know how much money can be earned for the infrastructure of the public like rain water from dens and I don't know whether the sewerage system and how much fencing can be done in the first place, then please this is my medium.  It's like please ask what's going on, so this is Lee, girl, it's good to listen to things, now just tell me two or three things, this helicopter is here at the call rate. How to calculate the operating cost of Ka Yug Subscribe that I am making a text send tomorrow, if a government bus stand taxi stand comes somewhere, then you will see how much people need it, that people will sit, I am doing the same thing.  Nagesh, this is what happens right now, even if we make it, who will come? How much does it cost to make it, will it take so many days and the toll tax that we pay, some of the daily juice from the highway school, is being spent on people's money and our country's. our ours  This is the money that is being spent, so can it be activated in Delhi? It may be very good, it may be very good, there may even be a proposal, the chances are less as I have knowledge about any vaccine. But maybe you have a great plan, then what is wrong in telling that great plan to your people, it means it is not a top secret thing, brother, 25 sectors are being built here, the area of ​​Global City is being built in 98 sectors. My  Khel Most Likely, it is being built on 25 acres near Manraj Dwarka Expressway, but tell me how many airplanes in 25 acres, how many people, what is the operational cost, who will find out who will operate it, who will have the ownership rights and who needs it, who demands it.  The industry has made a demand, meaning that the owners of factories in Manesar will not operate helicopters because in such a long time they will be at a distance from the road. 1015 kilometers only, Haryana gets over soon, share it like this Jhalar 200 politicians movie left right and coming and no coming straight from Chandigarh on the ship, there is no need to make it for him because he can see the labs fighting.  So for me, a little normal soil is a good thing, so I always do it. Okay, you must have seen and many things are happening, I always want them, but I do n't understand astrology. To please people can happen in democracy.  This is absolutely wrong, very good, great, please tell me for a little while that this NC will operate on this side, these will be employees, this money will be generated for them as employment, but the money will be given to the pregnant people, which I have shown to you also.  If it is happening, then you write that yes, you have forgotten it, then go there, if you like this system, then it is fine, if you do not subscribe, this white ivory appointed by so many has turned sour, then it is fine with us, fine, fine, like  If it's disgusting then please set eggs spread this thing with these people thank you hey a