Hello friends, I had already told you two days ago that you do not have to pay money for female homebuyers. The letter has been issued. Those who want to see it should go on Monday. My key is effective. You can connect on the WhatsApp given below. I will send you that letter.  The senior town planner of the department has instructed him that why are you asking for money from Monday if you don't have these four projects 68.02 395 104 products? Now the official has arrived, take that letter, spread it on this group, tell me that this was a very important thing, you should see this, this is all, but apart from this, I want to tell you, Haryana government is active, message, Gurgaon contributes a lot to GDP, end of Haryana government.  The mode of GST collection of Haryana is Delhi is 90% of the state of Uttar Pradesh and the number one collection of GST in the whole of India. If the population of Haryana is taken into consideration, it is 22.  Population of crores of GST is number one in India and Gurgaon is contributing maximum in that GST collection. The government is not going to leave Gurgaon to hang. Gurgaon is a big city. Haryana is not a big state to eat bread. Rest of the places, milk and curd food, farming is being done, not farmers, it is a very good thing, it is going on since last year, okay, but the story of Gurgaon is the story of Gurgaon.  The government will not allow any government to spoil it. All the homebuyers in real estate should rest only that it is the work of all of us that in the eyes of the government, the numbers of China and Japan would be collected, the numbers would be seen in an obscene and intelligent way, in a peaceful way. In a democracy, only numbers matter. In Vivo democracy, all are voters and there is hi hi ho hi among them.  I had to go home in the extreme heat, if I had to go, things happen as per the order, so the letter has just started, please share it with everyone, there is no need to pay any money, you people are clearly mentioned in that letter.  Has been written to builder only diet letter in this side APN has been written to builder only with date of July on it so this was important news rest affordable housing is  The very very good when you for people to have that roof overhead. In any city, in any village, in any town, if a 3BHK is available for 28 lakhs, which is built with Naya Madhavan, then tell the name of the city. You write in the comment section below whether it is in that city Bhiwandi or somewhere in Maharashtra or Asansol Jaguar ask somewhere in Supaul or Basti or Ara or Munger or some city in South India where only  There is five square feet carpet area and 110 pinch of skill. There is a balcony where the money has to be spent in 3 to 4 years. You cannot build this even in the backyard of your village in the entire country. In a four room 3BHK there will be four rooms, two bathrooms, kitchen and two  A big thing will have to be said about where the land is standing in your village, now only the people of Haryana will understand these things, I am saying that in the best of the location, so much money will be spent in the construction itself, so I am not even talking about the land.  There is a cost to feed so it is a very good product, unfortunately very few are available, ok now the Muslim story has become cute but there was news for women, please set an alarm for this and a very good way to approach the government anytime.  Through social media, they want some people have been used and create numbers, go into Tibet structure way, then the matter becomes I Hope Vishwas informative for every buddy and  There is a letter if you Google it and you will get it. WhatsApp me on the number given below and I will message you directly. If I write it, we are not able to add it here. Some of its format is such that it is not being pasted. It is okay with me, so you  take thank you have a