Hello friends, my name is, this is butt test case for Haryana Government, other mistresses should also keep an eye on this topic, so if you look at it carefully, you will definitely know about a little wet and a little work and other things too and here  Women Home Guards have advised you to share the iodine among yourselves too, this video will bring some information for everyone, first of all, if you are women then keep calm, first of all, don't be a builder, you will not get anything from the builder, the builder's program has already been done.  The accounts have been closed, the licenses have been cancelled, now whatever has to be done is for the government to do, you people have to watch, but only to watch, you people will not do anything about this, you people also have to do what has to be done, pay attention.  Listen to this, first of all, in democracy, there is power in numbers. Do you understand that in the matter of appointment, show all Mumbai that it is not only sixteen 1263, but you also all become sour. 6868 104 and Click 10300 Now, first of all you people have to do their job if you don't want to ask questions to the government, you have to ask how to stop this fraud, how to do it because subscribe just cancel this license, then that answer is necessary, secondly you people  I have to see if they are affected then their treatment is also my opinion. Just think that if subscription is a waste of money then what does the central government have to do with each project? What do you have to ask?  Friends, in two cases, to complete the collection of Rs 50 crores, the President had to subscribe, so how much has he studied in Builder's and the pimples which were to be allowed to return, how many will he add to all four, then subscribe, if he is not like this, then if you know, and  If there is oil and gas, it will be made, something changed, someone said, he built a culvert in the middle, if you move, it would be made, but now we have to check how much flour is there or not, whether that much oil is there or not, he would have made a white paper and said. White Paper is normally called Assembly Parliament and if it is spoken then its quality is telling. Freezing the account. How much money is there in this Vanaspati account? It is more important to search the account if someone has taken out his/her belongings then give him/her a way to freshen it up.  It doesn't mean anything else, you guys don't give friends on this thing, still builders and people appointed by yes say that we will impose penalty, they can be so innocent, they have no knowledge, impose penalty on people. How will he answer that the builder's game is over, the builder is just the soil, there is no discussion at all, now there is a government, now the talks are only with the representatives of the government, but how does the government believe that the road that runs on the road is the government, okay?  But many of you are reacting very slowly. In 2012, people wrote letters asking us to do what needs to be done, even though the department writes to others as to what needs to be done, please tell them like this.  What is happening is that no one can talk on the front foot, can they stop, sit down, stand quietly, do not let anyone know, we will tell everyone, one man cannot clearly tell everyone through a press conference with his eyes closed that all you women are sitting in a memorandum.  They are giving, they are going here, do this, do it to us, do it that way, first of all, let me say that the prices of land have increased so much that the land itself is gone, give more time and money, first of all worry about where the money is. Will not make it, nothing has been done in 104, which is the same in other projects, making it in 1622, it may be a challenge in my house, I had given it to many people to subscribe, well, you can understand about those people also, okay, they were giving it to me.  From whom did you give it, that too is gone, okay, so what is given is gone, there is no hearing about it, okay, whatever leaves are there, like the earth, have been given, you will get it back only for money, with some other government, with you people.  Very  Option project can be made commercial, home can be taken, you can take people's interest at 15 to 20 cents, now these people have money in some other way, they will allocate it, okay that's the situation we need, the next government will do something.  If you want to do this, then many people know that this is what we want, you have to see that what you do six times in the team, taking a vote of your home virus in this project, it is very important for the government to involve the home buyers, according to me.  Decisions should not be taken unilaterally because there is not much space available, take this contract, we will do the construction, then the discussion goes on for 5 to 7 years because you have to see who will fill the gap that is there, there are four things in every project.  There is land, there is construction, there is some money which you people had to pay, some which is lying with the builder, so these four things have to be added that how much has been incurred, what is the cost of the land, the builder has only recovered this much and you people How much does one have to pay? If by adding all these four things the cost of the project becomes Rs. 200 crores, then there is no problem, but if the short form is coming after adding then that money is wasted and that money has to be given to someone.  So it will have to be given, whether it is done by the government or something else, how to do it, what can be the methods, wherever the flights are not available in the project, that vacant inventory should be taken immediately in the cases where the project is already there in the degree.  If it is okay for 15 lakhs, then the government should bid there, now they will not go on normal affordable rates, they will go on Holi rates, this is how recovery can happen, this can happen with the shops so that the government can see the inventory that is there.  If I can then I have to add this, now I have given the entire white paper to you. Mehra people, you people have not subscribed to the channel. If you are watching for the first time, then please request to subscribe to the channel. There will be some benefit for you in future.  Please write on this comment section how did you guys like the ideas. There are quite a few more ideas. This much is given at one time so that you can save a little. First of all, calm down, the money is not going anywhere. In 104, not much has been given. Okay.  If the land is already there, then it will be taken out in the same way. If the land is given to someone else, the land use is changed or something is done, then it will be taken out very easily. Where a thing like the Senate is ready, the government is there. Whichever tea will explain to the next party? And in the ugly party, whoever tagged it, from which all the raita came out, it is okay because it is from the highway that Zardari has made strong Khokhar Chandra Kishan, this used oil corporation and kitchen always be aware of minimum and world.  It should definitely be at 100. Okay, so that is a visible adverse effect. Everything has happened. It is a test case for the government. I definitely have faith in the Haryana government that it will come out.  With flying colors, if you come out with some speed, with initiative, with passion and do it like this, then it will be fun, it goes by, it goes by, it goes by, after 1 minute, even after 3 months, there is no clarity, it is not there, it will not be fun again, see all the representatives of you women home guards.  Immediately mute me and do one Shankar Chacha. First of all, give this argument, check how much money is in the builder's account, how much you guys had to pay, please take this very much.  Check how much can be done in 2 hours because brother, it became 600 to 700, 70 had given so much money, so much money had been given, so much money had been stopped from this child, then it became 100 crores, if you are not subscribed, then this is the first thing.  So this address Subscribe Sainik Government will take out of it and penalty will be imposed because even if there is no bank guarantee, if something goes wrong then the government cannot say that thing then Subscribe School has passed that now it How will the stand by emergency parachute open, what things will be done to which children, what will be done to them, that is the process of the government. My request to the government and to the women through them and yours is to expedite the process of whatever you do, Investor.  Hurry up to maintain the confidence, I am sure that nothing can go wrong because I know that in the last two, three, four years, I know that if you all have returned to the village, then if you have bought a piece of land worth ₹ 100.  So the piece of line has become ₹ 300, that has become ₹ 100, so like sixty-three, this location is relative, it is a very good location, 104 is very good, 103 is also strong and the land itself is very good, so there is no loss but  The problem is that there should not be a communication gap, you should have told it quickly, you should have told it in the same way, tell it in such a way that nothing of yours will be lost till Delhi, you will know thanks for wife in a  Room and behave in the meeting and want to disturb you people from you people can subscribe more of course then we come to the meeting room on Saturday at 12:00 room or any team will do it on anyone add all and as many Mondays  You can nominate five people among your subscribers that Yukta has the power to not think, the power to talk and cannot talk for half a minute and the government also cannot talk to every person. And all this does n't go well then all your smart people should give them leadership positions that it is never like the money is that it is someone else's right in the North-West then you nominate your 25 people to each project. People 25 people Ad Vijay 25 people will keep their people updated electronically through the medium that today's meeting has happened, this is what has happened, this is how this has happened, further this is what the government has requested and the government also has a request to spread awareness through social media through newspapers.  Keep giving a mean update on this thing through Twitter every 5 days that this is what we got right now this is this now where is the problem in this that when it doesn't happen the account means it seems that something fishy seems like this That if there is any deficiency from there, then it is not a matter of trying to hide it, it is okay, now the bank guarantee has been fraudulent, do the treatment that needs to be done, whatever is the time, the procedure will be done by the system, but now the fresh man is now in it. conflict  There should not be any interest whether this person is that person or that person. The question is that if you talk about me then it will be a round talk, then here you have to ask the question that this happened in the first place, why should it not happen further? Then one more thing is that all the DTC couriers.  Through 3, check the 110 of all the builders once, once you know what is normal, like just now, two-three ships were crushed in this unknown one, then it was found to be wrong because its computer.  Tagore used to do it and he couldn't do pilot manly. Some of them grinded everything and got one time check of the software to see if any of them has tips. Then you have come out with this mistake. Bank guarantee in affordable housing is as many as till date.  Licenses are limited, how many should I keep? 7075, it is fine in the sky, you guys can check the allotment of those who have not got the position, or will you wait for someone to complain and then because you will take time to take correction, it will be better.  If there is a one time check on everyone then it becomes necessary to do one Mamta brothers and sisters, watch the video, you will share the video, you will make people aware, you will ask the right questions, you will give the right advice, you will come out as an intelligent person, if you talk wisely, then whoever is the next person, he will give you that kind of attention.  If you keep emotions at bay and shout, then the next person now gets the permission in the subconscious mind to do anything to you.  11. If they are misbehaving then it means what is the right thing to help them? You have to talk rationally. You are frustrated that the money is not going anywhere. You have understood that the land will give the money as it is and if the rates increase then the money for which it has been invested is not going.  You can withdraw in 6 months, in 2 months, in 8 months, in 10 minutes. Now, according to me, you cannot withdraw logically, because if all the people rebel, then how will the project be made? It is normal to rebel and people are also asked to withdraw money.  If he is not able to pay, he has gone to some house or there must be some other system in your system, now if you send and withdraw on 12345, then that builder deducts the money and gives it to them and then if someone from the waiting list gets cleared.  It was normal but you cannot withdraw all the meat here, you will understand because otherwise there will be no vanity of project then diet will not happen, something else will happen which I have chosen this and  Talk about all these things, get something from these, tell us how you liked the video, there can be more discussion, you people can write in the comment section, maintain the positivity, maintain the coolness of the mind, and the government is working hundred percent and only question.  What are you doing? Please tell me, is it okay so that people can also get involved? The money of these people is very high in whole day and combined with multiple people.  It is ok, it means like there are 10 people who are using their brain, then the man is always using his brain, his brain will be better and the representative, you people are better off using yours with me and why time and energy, those who have communication skills and brain capacity, after checking the four qualities.  Take your brain, these are the works of communication, some skill, normal intelligence is fine and time, now if you have a nine to five job, you will not be able to get it, then if you choose such parts for your project.  Volunteers among each other, some people and you people, listen and those people Deveshwar, a little work has to be done initially dutiful once, but first of all it will be clear that how much short form of money will be given, the course of action will be decided by the mother only where  There is money, there is no problem in becoming 90%, 80% has been made, Trail Plus has been given a lot of respect, it is almost complete, it has been clove, that beating, that will happen, there is no problem in that, but Wherever you put jaggery, there is little there, will you make it whole? Will you give it to someone else? If people have given twenty-five percent of the money, then someone has given 6 lakhs. Someone has given ₹ 3 for a one BHK worth 12, 13, 14 lakhs. Still, what to do with them, it would be nice to return them, this way we will return these tights, let's sell this project to someone else, this can be done on this photo of mine, my request is more to the government, don't  Want more daily inch send you maybe I can do that with you Just for the great there is a sandwich you say we will do it then go ahead then you won't get that money he will hang up and then people people people today  The kind of society has become and the times are going on, people are not aware, it is okay and there is no need to wait too long, where a little money has been paid, look at it like this, they should be compensated at the rate of 15%, 4 or 4 net penalty from the builder.  does charts  If I caught him in the same way then I thought that too according to me then he will go. Please write in the comment section with your comments. Thank you.