Hello friends, the next video of my movie series is a movie series, 4 videos have been made in it, you must watch them, the one made on Pushpa and the remaining three are also our topic of today's movie series, if a man does not have pain then a movie.  I had come to Amitabh Bachchan's 'Mard theek hai' and I am writing it from here, Dara Singh ji's dialogue 'Mard ko dard nahi hota' became famous, ok and generally we know about alpha meeting through movies in the form of our Indian movies, Hindi movies. Will tell that there is no pain, he always fights like this and the heroine comes and the man locked inside never cries, this is a very wrong beat system put in because the men who do not feel pain are directly given heart attacks, you understand this. I am giving clarity to you people that if you have strong support in it and you follow this coffee normally, you do not feel tears, you do not feel pain, you do not get emotions, and yes, the situation of flour goes away. Very very careful about ok that this society has made it look like this oh don't cry boy why can't you what is the problem girl and boy also have to suffer pain subscribe system house today pick up more population you are in pain 8085 and 15  But the cent and this I am telling is very mean sink the skin little by little the only thing is that those who are in 20% and severe pain should call their sister and tell the mummy if  If she is a teacher, then she will cry in pain in the staffroom. It is okay that she will sleep on social media, it is also possible that she will tell everyone up and down in front of the neighbor, who was this, only then women can have relatively less heart attacks on Friday, poor man cannot tell.  He cannot even discuss his problem because he feels that if I tell him, he will be ridiculed because he is also a man because men do not break women's fast under the influence of alcohol. When a woman cries, Neither does the other woman do it like this, well meaning by typing, nor that much fast. The problems of appointed men can be of any kind, you can understand from where to where the problem can be only, whom should I tell to mom. Tell me the problem to mom, which can be half of the problem. Whatever problem your mother-in-law and daughter-in-law are facing, tell the problem to your wife who is causing the problem. He should tell papa, wait for papa, become a man, it used to be like this in our time, in your time, do you tell papa, tell the prince, I am friends, if someone comes, he is lucky, he can tell, then it is fine, but many people suffer.  I am not able to join anywhere, I am very popular, I am in the pain of marital life, I am in the pain of career, I am in the pain of physical issues, I am in the pain of 340, I am in the pain of yearning for the fulfillment of my desires. And on top of that, the entire society has been given injections since childhood that men do not feel pain and if men do not cry then this is a very self-defeating belief system. It means to fix it immediately when planning to have a child. Why are small children a boy, tell me from that time itself, shoot is also alive, twist emotion, cry a little, it is very important to show some emotion, so what is happening in the note, because when he  Subtle things come out, neither does it affect those who are presiding over you who are inflicting pain. Who could be the people closest to you, the pain will not come from far away, so even if you cry a little, I declare myself weak.  I will definitely go. Crying is a weakness in the belief system. Don't cry as a weakness. What impression will be made of you because of the fear of crying. This is the fear in the society. The difference between men and women is disappearing everywhere.  So just as women cry if they were taught anything in their life, then men should also be told a lot about this. If men tell openly then it will be a healthy situation and that thing will be made a knowledge, otherwise it is something like a crime within a state.  A lot is happening, free registrations are not being done and in one state, a lot of affairs are being registered and they are being followed up, so at one place, when that data comes out, it will also come out.  If the criminal is eaten or the law and order is bad, then more fair, more recorded, it will be considered that there are so many thefts here, I do n't want to take name in such a wrong way, if all the crimes are committed, then that packet will be opened, but is this true?  So in the same way, if men in this society are not learning help, are not playing physical role, are doing things to someone, are not going to anyone, then it means that it is not their pain, their pain is, I tell you, there is a lot of pain that you agree with. This is also for pain  If you want to cry, please write in the comment section. Many things go wrong in our movies. Incentive to fix them. Subscribe. I liked that a man does not feel pain. I liked typing. How are you liking the movie? There are small videos in the system.  Taking some things about which, questioning a system in every video will have to be done. If I could not crush it, then you will be subscribed. You will look like this, you need not worry, friend.  So in such a situation, I am crushing, I am trying my best, if you have not come strong and if I do not feel pity even after spending so much, then please continue, thank you, please share.