Hello friends, today's topic is very important for the society. Marital Series Video No. 11: Earlier videos have been made in the serial. There are very good videos on the topic of Mary in the serial, but I will tell you to send this video to maximum people like on WhatsApp.  It would be nice to send a message, please send it to your family group, there is a topic that is requested in the video and to bring such topic into discussion, sleep should be subscribed that I am 50 years old, so be it. I have been getting questions for a long time on the topic of how many children should we have, but if this  What has happened is that a new survey of population of India has come, the population of some people will remain there, replacements are going on, now it was towards less than 2.1, people will be very happy that now finally this population has come under control, so I am different.  I am holding the subscribe medal and will tell you that if you are not subscribing today then do not do it at all. Although I am a drain, but most of the people are going towards doing one, but because of that, we are Reena on what we are told and what we are.  We will talk and then I will tell you why you should have two children. I am already telling you the result that you should have two children, but what are the arguments given for why we are having one? Till the first time it is given that ji Vishnu provides good.  education only  One and they can only provide 210 Will have one We will do only one good thing And take nonsense English ad schools have increased the fees Good education is something in India There is no education anywhere in India It has all the frills Like this, it has its own then  Keep it bigger than 50 as you have put it and add some pomp and show to 50 Saheb, keep it through looting and snatching, this is the reason why I tell you not to have another child, what will be the consequences to the society?  You will have to suffer, you have an ID for that thing, many people will say that there is no personal choice, no personal choice, I will tell you it is personal, due to which the crop itself has to suffer, I will tell you to buy Samsung J2 and what is it, stay connected that this cannot be possible, poor people.  Those who are producing ultra 688 children, then how are they studying, they become like that, they become the same, the difference is that you give birth to one child of your own and if it runs well then you will remain in India.  Then India India India India let's go let's do one instead of two 102 and with that we get that if the war goes on then this argument is not very big, what is the second thing that there is so much crying in having the first child, wealth and money becomes that  Meaning, there are many rumors among girls who are getting married late that before marriage and even after marriage, there is a lot of misuse of the drugs which are used for suppressing the erection, due to which it takes a toll on the body, which makes your normal system so fit.  that gives Pregnancy issues and pregnancy complications occur and giving birth to a child late. Whoever you are as a doctor also knows that late marriage, late child birth, then only one thing can happen, this too in a week, the third thing will come which is breath and which is  Mother is her support system, now it is not as much as it used to be, especially if a girl wants to do a job, which is what everyone wants to do these days, then this is how one becomes theirs, but then they are not able to handle it, they folded hands and feet. that your  Kapil used to smoke so many cigarettes while doing his duty to his mother-in-law for his mother that he turns it into a topic for others, this is a big reason, I will tell you in the fourth season which is about the truth of the society, it may sound like he will smoke a little but it is fat.  If the first one is a boy then people try to do the second one because having a boy is unfortunate even today Page Number 2021 India is special talk about North India, it is considered as five if you pass the exam then the girl should be the first one.  And I mean, I am saying this with a lot of disappointment, if it happens to be the first one from Bhangarh, if he fails in the paper then he can apply once and when you have your first daughter, then what you have given and the grandmother that you are.  She wakes up and realizes that there has been a theft from the bank. Now for the second one, we ask her mind for chat support. Are you greased by the fact that this path seems very bad to you? Due to this, your society has become disturbed. what are you addressing?  There is no truth in this thing, is n't it true? To me, the clear cut truth appears to me, do I see people go and meet, then I differentiate between these, the perfect thing is that it will be a boy, so now if it has passed, then it is something.  It is recent, there is no practical reason, I will tell you why one should have two children. Taking the example of China, they had this one child policy for 35 years. More than this, they checked the maternal uncles and sadhus so that this relationship is not there.  Look dry, you have only one son, he is married to only one daughter, now these are relationships, not only this, now keep four in these directions, it makes a difference by typing, this is one relationship, think of it, half of us are Magh Shu, now school, this subscribe, if two.  If you do, I am asking you to click on population. Even if everyone does, population will also decrease because you are husband and wife. If you do not subscribe my channel and do not subscribe, then population will decrease, so give it whatever you want.  There will be more questions in 2035, the old population of our India will start increasing a lot and in these 12-13 years, but the children have not done their good work which we were thinking that if they do very good then the country will also be able to fire, so at least at this  Point and time you should and should be attributed to it's not want you hit support till don't hand over born she also had a second child these brothers and sisters need support need a group of ours  So four-five years younger would have been six years in between, people's bus has passed, the shoulder path of the child has not been gapped for 5 years, now there is no problem with that younger one, yes, make it 10 years younger also, how much difference would have been there earlier, you guys.  Knows that he will always be his Shivling A required to all the kind of marriage which is going to be stable in the coming times, if someone of his original blood meets Shivling then the pain can be shared because you are hello  Friends, don't you always stay in the same forest that after you leave, there should be someone from his original family with whom he can share his childhood, that childhood whose shade is not a bond, it is not a common childhood because if  There may be a change of wife, there may be a change of ribbon, there may be many marriages, they may sleep together, but the relationship between brother and sister and sister and sister cannot be broken because there is not only a system but an insurance policy.  Then moving forward, I will not mention one thing here that if this one is there then he will serve, this two will serve, the fifth one will serve us. You saw us in the picture Bagwaan, even if you give birth to four, then they can also be ill-mannered, but in practice.  We go or practice it on a relative basis, we see that just as we are for our parents, perhaps we will have children or it will be 19 to 2019, so if there are two children, then whatever demands of the parents will come to the health.  There may be a relationship between the siblings, because whatever person is in his office, in the fridge, in his late thirties, he is struggling with his life in the same way, you see how dense his life is at this age.  You are struggling with your job, you are raising your children, you have to raise a baby, and in the mean time you are also contributing to the things, and somehow your youth is also being lost due to the conflict among yourselves.  Our  Armaan Bhi Gurjar, if we parents' requirement comes then how much can one person adjust in it, when there is only one athlete, two brothers, two sisters, those who are brother-sister, there are two lists, apply this kajal in a little amount, go for 15 days and see. The day I see it, let's go and see my one, or yours will see yours, that's the system of seeing one, if you meet one, then there are two, in this situation, one foreigner has gone, one boy, one girl, for some reason he is now married.  The system is in such a way that if he goes away, then in practical terms, check every aspect after washing, nice very good ok thank you plus no different thing is happening due to medical reasons, there is no cure for it, it is ok but medical reasons are also there in a way.  You invest in your own hands, it's okay, just read it in your language, you can easily, I will tell the ladies who also give me the job, to work on their own time, baby turtles, for 50 years.  Do business, like, even at the age of 5055, you can be the owner of a company worth Rs. 1 lakh crore. They should subscribe to dynasty rule, it is not in the children, their only intention is to have children, their two children, everything. It is not written anywhere that do a job, you have to do business.  So, how did you like this one of mine? Tell me, there are many more such subjects of BJP regarding family planning. Is it okay for them, do you want such tops to spread these things in the society?  It is very important to do this, share it on the family group and all the elders please give support to your kids, they also have their 2nd year so they need support when you were having children, there was not so much money in the society, there was not so much perspective.  Whatever question you will tell me in the video, it was not the same question as it would be today, please subscribe, then vote in your own time. Mother in Law Office Likely to Be.  These fees and I am also early 16th of everything everything in its recommendations stupid no I want to talk you agree to add to please write in the comment section if you want to say otherwise it is personal choice I don't thing subscribe kar le meri job bhi aayega to subscribe subscribe  Subscribe to If You [Music] Subscribe to Main Meri Aisi Ko Findings are not ok I will not say special ok but retention has made trimendous press subscribe country will help you will help you get pregnancy delivery and subscribe if not subscribe get subscribe that I have to subscribe share and comment