Hello friends, my Airtel series video number 7 is the topic of diagnosis, why are we getting it, what is the reason for this, it is a very popular training which is done on the common WhatsApp Dhoop in this special, you have to watch this video till the end if your children.  If you are going to get married or have not got married or you yourself have got married or you are going to get married then this is very important for all the audience from 20-22 years to 50 60 70 years that if you like it then please. Forward this and share. The more you share with the society, the more the society will change. This thinking will change only then there will be a positive effect on things. Write in the comment section whether you agree or not, even if you don't, it is definitely my inferiority complex in my life. Questioning belief systems, if they are not working or are not being questioned because of them, then crush them. I work to crush people's beat systems and my ministers. It also hurts my own people.  Both in doing and in the doing of others, but this is the only way to find peace in life because when many things have changed in life and there is a wedding and we had no control over them, then it is not that the things which are under control. Now I will not change it because both the things work well in coordination, otherwise if there is coordination then the car will go off track. Life is like that, so now let's start the reasons for increased cost in India. Normally people would discuss.  Are That girls start doing more jobs, that's why now they do Bigg Boss, if they don't tolerate it then they should be tortured by someone like Jasmine or Pursuit, this is a common belief. I will question this belief and tell you what is the latest happening in porn.  Which is a live video, which if I tell according to life interwoven, then this is the region second Edison which is said, the boy's side says that the girl's side is a big red chilli powder has been halved, this cream is being woven a lot.  Whether he teaches the girl or he will be very very, it is also said that I am a bottle counselor who is in great demand, has very good practice and has a lot of experience. I will tell you what is happening in it. If I tell you, these things will reduce in the office.  So it will be on that table, but no matter how much you explain, people will do whatever you do. I don't think that I will be so set with my video that my business or concentration will be updated. I remember the Admin Expert Answer Questions page. This video is being made while being stuck at home, so let's move ahead with that feeling. The first child is the one for whom marriage starts even before getting married. There is a reaction which was the middleman system of getting the marriage done. He has launched it today.  No one is ready to suggest to anyone as to whom you can marry, you will comment on whether it is true or not, then write, this is the Picholia system in this, scholar, do not write this, someone is the aunt of someone or the other first.  You too used to be frustrated and aunty used to say Mavli Distich, ' Ok, he is your son'. In that relative or friend circle of mine, it was used to be told or the [ __ ] used to tell. Nowadays, people are not ready to take this risk. People say, why do we adopt such a thing?  Sir, make everyone open up to this information sir, you also have children of some kind or the other, everyone's children, everyone, the society needs this thing, the marriages that are taking place with cotton, the platform that is being put on it, this is enough to share the cost, no matter how much research is done.  If they know fully what is happening these days, only they have access to the light of their child and they only know their own mother, what is happening in someone else's child's life, how would they know, then it would have been a long time ago that some punctures and each other  To know, to recognize, to increase the network resolution, in Facebook, friends, eyes, tears, freedom, WhatsApp sacrifice, these who will be networking together, products, marriages will not happen, messages should not be sent on WhatsApp, 2605 Five Fairs in Nature and Distress and Aarush are increasing.  You are not getting it from those WhatsApp messages because you don't know what is true and what is false about the party, so this one which is located in the middle, we have come to this letter, this is the cream, the second given is that there is no result of the job because see.  The girls who have done the job also say that they are getting drowned, many of the patterns for the job seekers are being corrected, this foolhardy is happening both abroad and abroad for years, but you cannot call the revision of that as the job.  Because of being because if because of the job  If the arrangements for girls were complete, then the girls who do not work should not be there. This is also a complete thinking. What was there in the old thinking that the girls who do not work were emotionally dependent, they did not mix the mother's milk in their homes, and the language came after washing them.  If we left home and came back to our parents' house, some were selected, some used to go through marriage road through fax, used to go from family to table, used to reduce by the time children were born, that was an old story but it is not happening today.  For today, there is great distress in the places where women are not working. There is a question about it. Now listen to the ribbon, if after marriage, if the girl goes to such a place and the boy stays with his parents, then it is very hurtful these days.  It has become such a big phobia, okay do we say this or do the boys get into a lot of trouble, there is a lot of talk about where you guys buy a house from, the truth is that I believe in the incarnation, okay, today the girl's father should give them more issues instead of  girl's father In being you understand when a section is very much suppressed and exploited, tips print mother cuts, when I will let the committee be united with nano rough faces and the one on whom it comes says that we have not done anything, it is our chance to try.  Now the boys who got married say that who was the first to declare? My grandfather did the study, Kamra did that, someone from his family did it, then why did I do it? It is also true that this is the case that when there was reservation.  so it is there too  Friend, it is romantic that this class was exploited but we have been on Shuchi Tyagi for so many thousands of years, you, I am not getting a job, while half an hour depends on you and the back side, I am also on someone's side, this is my police to give backward perspective.  Those who will understand this, those who will take the test match will be at peace in life. We here actually maintain the fire on Friday during very high speed. There is never a fighter in the comment because of this, who will laugh about who will win, dialogue research. Appointment is better to focus on what is right and what will be right, so my intention is not to start a dispute, it is to communicate, dialogue should be done, what is difficult in dialogue, what is difficult in this, what has been contributed, what is important in this, in this month. So Iodine Ko WhatsApp you can contribute these videos with comment section and A. I want you to sit and discuss on your family men, so I am not this.  I am saying that my opinion is that the watch is first class, but you can tweet as per your own opinion, a little bit about this, a little bit about this, okay, if you want to watch this video with this feeling, then who is hanging with mother-in-law and father-in-law.  She did n't want to be deaf only, if she is a little okay in personality and opposition from the house is fine on her, sleeping carefully is my point, if a girl is okay looking at the house, then how much percentage is yes, then these people you say in the beginning.  That FD would have been made And where this is less nationalism, then he says, no problem, but the marriage will happen in a month, we will see if the marriage happens once now, then we will see later, Kamlesh, please do so much that why did you start becoming the brother of the next one leaving and where?  No, there is talk of separation, that boy is very like Shravan Kumar typing, how in your childhood, you used to speak, you say pension, cancel your marriage as fast as a small one, you have stolen sugar, isn't it, these days marriages will break like this, small-  on small matter REQUEST ALL RACE OF NEW GENERATION FEMALES ARE WARDEN IS THIS A WRONG THING I CA N'T JUDGE THIS IS THIS RIGHT THING I MEANS THAT THE GIRLS DIDN'T SEE THEIR MOTHER BEING VERY HAPPY IN THE MARRIAGE TO SEE THEM SUCCESSFUL BY HELPING THEM CLEARLY  On the tableau, is the girl a girl or is there only one girl or two girls? In North India, the society has treated the lady who has not given birth to a boy differently, we may talk about changing it but this is the first and no one should be bothered by the society.  Eyes in Mumbai, we will have to talk, we keep sitting there pretending that it is not so, the condition in Haryana is very bad, it is okay to see, the condition of Haryana is bad, but even the experts, Punjab, Delhi, North India, Rajasthan, are not disappointed in this either.  These are all the same as yours, the box here is the population of Hindi hot pants, so the girl who says that every time her mother has been told something, she has to play inside her, compound interest is a plate.  Today the girl who  She was born in 1919 and is entering the marriage market in the middle of the year. Arya Shadi is Modi. Her level of development has changed so much that now it is difficult to give even a little expertise to such a girl who is still alive today.  If they had a space station hunter of their breath, then they had done a wrong thing and their culture should be happy because they have done a decorative thing, then what they have done with their daughter today, they have blindfolded themselves in that criteria. Expect why should I say what mother-in-law says? Everyone is not just a fool from the beginning, lady, they know that the times have changed, they know that a quarter has changed, today you would like to make the boy's mother happy, she is active.  The man will not go to Nifty any more but please note that the new girl who is coming is not even ready to do the test. You understand brothers and sisters, you have done this, hence the generation has done this to others, now she is just 7 minutes old. So we will cut this down that I won't be that much, I tell you people, but this is Bollywood, it is also not the one to get into Mahabharata with video, yes uncle, I will not give up on the needle for a week, let alone the fifth one, I did it to save the problem and the fifth one.  Leave the issue till the fifth leave, he is not even Sameer, hey Gates, if there is probably not even a needle's worth of land in Dhabi, then it is clear that now Leti would say, well, we will not do just this, this love, now this is to see the society.  Whether to run it on Venus or not, that man has this side that I will give him a solution too, I will break the heart of Neem and Lodhi, tell me your part, what to do, I will also tell the boys' people, I will not say anything about the girls' people, I will not do it because  Today the girl has the choice to do second marriage after doing Bigg Boss. The boy who is bachelor but who is a diverse boy will only get a girl like Tagore or will get opposition. I am telling the truth of the marriage market again on July 21.  He used to repeat this so that it is understandable in your ears. If you are a man and your day has been declared, then there are very high chances that only a demo SIM girl will give you for marriage, which was not the case once upon a time many years ago.  They thought that caste was caste but the work that the girls are doing is very important because even when girls misbehave or do strange acts, there is a lot of security behind it that this boy is already doing something so good. Baba will continue to do it and I too do not work. What will happen to our children? It has been very big and Tej has always been a genetically based partnership but it has been secure in the meantime. The organization behind it was Aadmi Bharata. I have to complain, whatever.  Thousands of years ago and if you had been in some institute, you would not have got children and if you had slept comfortably, if any man would have done something, then in this secure place behind them, if you sit down here and wait for the memories of thousands of years, then your sister-in-law will institute.  Gandhi is also a criminal on this face And your daughter too and your mother too and Satvik, every woman is an institute and lives and in those securities, her throne keeps shaking, rice is breath, when faces are made, she is a daughter, this feeling is there in the dynamics of relationships, that is why 9M is coming.  Image: Vivo Rai's video: There are two things that the boys are doing, clearly, when I tell the boys that brother, you should not keep the upcoming daughters-in-law with you, that is, keep your breath close to her. That we can't give a house, no problem, something is an appointment, December, equal talent, that Raita, we both will earn our money and will accept the second condition, the boys' family should not marry such a girl. Again, listen carefully, the boys' family should  Don't marry a girl who doesn't have money, doesn't work for you, this will improve the girls, boys will improve and demos will not be like this, the chances of divorce from a working girl are less, otherwise if you get married to a working girl. Someone comes to you for some laddus, she is sitting at home to open the way, she watches Netflix all day, you will not be able to see her, she is not cooking at home, you will not see her, but the one who is going to work and has earned money, she will not be seen 67  You can raise the request in this program and Ali will keep the maid with her own money and will arrange for the food. If she will not give you money to arrange anything, then she will be more than you that if you keep giving milk then you will also eat Nath.  There is a saying that it is okay but you should not marry any girl who does not work, wherever the girl's family says that we have caught her, now you make her work, you just give her a slip like you marry her by giving us our allotment letter.  Will you do it for the house, we will make your appointment letter. Have you understood? Allotment letter for appointment letter. This is it. Then what else I am telling you to make you grow a lot in writing. Anything can happen from moment to moment.  It is written here that boys have to show allotment letter and girls have to show appointment letter. What is the proof in this that the girls in space jobs will do the jobs of Rs 1 lakh or one and a half or 80 inches, no matter how much the jobs are, the boys do the same due to greed and  There should be a house with girls, then only 3BHK, 4BHK, my chances of 80 crores are equally wrong, everyone has to live within their limits and because the continents are better off. So what should be the condition of the house, should there be, should there be a job, should there be 20,000 because life will give between 15th August, 25's will also go on, but should be doing, should be busy. How did you guys like this video, did you guys like it?  A little care, a little bending from within, then it is a good thing because without anything, there is a shell from inside, nothing happens, then you have to separate the house, whether it is a rented house, a small house or a one BHK. These people have married someone.  There is no need to go above BHK. What is the biggest advantage in taking one BHK? He will come to live in your house because of the irony, when he comes, there will be no fault or whether girls will come or boys will come, most likely in Shampoo city.  If you live in a rural area then it is fine to go and meet them, and if you live in the city then there is no need to come, you can go to their house and meet them, I will have to make a second video on this and if you want to tell the recipe further.  Got this one That you have understood the solution, if this thing has gone into your mind, appointment letter, allotment letter, then the subject is absolutely correct, she will give tickets, otherwise there will be rebellion, otherwise let's chat from left to right, there is so much from this left that you cannot understand it, it is very much.  The boy's person should take out his daughter-in-law, we have a lot of money, he should not be made to work for money, remember, to make him work to a great extent, it is just a pimple, if you have money, then now you girls' people. Also, you should not marry a boy on father's money, because if you marry a boy on father's money, then your daughter will remain as a servant in that house and there is no meaning of being in a rich house, remember this thing, you are a servant of the sea.  Is