Hello friends, today Marital CBT video number 3 I hope you have watched both the previous videos. Today's topic is How to Deal with Money Issues in Marriage. In this I will discuss only two basic reasons of unfitness and some solution from my side.  I would very much suggest that I will not take it left right. Many people on the internet have explained things in a different way. How can this be a practical issue as per the Indian Society?  It happens and how to solve it, that's where I bring it. The issue of money is the biggest issue in my civil and military life. There are many issues like infidelity, there is the trouble between mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, then there is money, and then there are many sleepless nights.  The biggest reason why I am interested in money now is that due to sourness in the relationship, business and ads also get lost and the basic false vacation and its first result which I will tell you is  Background and Upbringing More Ride Upbringing Girl's bell that it is very important In premarital counseling I show this in 5 minutes This difference and logo I tell them first to get their waist Premarital counseling is a new concept in India It is very popular  It is at the stage of marriage but if you guys are getting married then you guys must take pre-marriage counseling. You are getting this here too, so how will I tell you in my parenting.  If after the boy, there has been a poor upbringing in childhood and the girl has been stuck, it is okay, but now the boy is still an opportunity, okay and you girl's family thought that you are his background, it is okay, it is his soldier that we got married, then when  If there is going to be a marriage, then my childhood is full of poverty, its expenses will be like this, it has bought a car, it is buying very expensive clothes, it is only then that it buys a watch, it is only then it is buying a phone, it was the second deprivation, it has to live its life, now it is  The girl who is a girl should understand this thing  No, because if you have nothing left, or that much money, if Western Para can program something as per your wish, then this is a mismatch. At the time of marriage, you people have not seen one thing, both the girl's and boy's both have something.  You have to see that when you too, the girl is of this level, you are getting married, then why are you interested in the boy, the boy is very good looking, there is an officer in the group, that's all, what more do you need, hey, this girl is on the other side.  There may be one more thing that I mentioned  It was as if her liability from a hot and humble background is welcome, she never gets anything from the measurement side because she is a humble background measurement dependent, she has to marry one or two sisters, but is an officer, keep an article, it comes out of its vegetation and family of four boys.  A good job is called a private job, it is like a job for 40 ₹ 50 only, but I have a rich family and my family members are looking like they will give and take, I am not going to be last here at all and no one else. Don't do it in this spirit at all, my confirmed transmit class audience is market case, 15 to 20 people come to me in a month, I have their pain and suffering, this is discussed in the media and this on WhatsApp, you all are equal, this is fine, it suits well, it is diplomatic.  She may be politically correct, but when she is in the struggle of marriage, she comes out like this: Enter Brother S8, those children who are getting married or your friends or whoever I think you are friendly to.  Neighborhood spider-man Don't waste time which makes me forget you Tell me the things of the society I have to tell you Cooking is not discussed All the big chillies are grown So you used to get married I have to see you a lot which can also be counterproductive  The boy picture is from this family, the girl had worked very hard and watch from mother backbone and she see here you are peace this entry is of the opposite may or may not be everything soldier soldier fee and still to whom she can also be  if it's a trick  The situation is but I have come up with a point that the 6270 percent request is that due to the mismatch in it, another 1 crore people may be busy, but I am going with this two reason smell of one topic, I am trying to sell this biggest  How have you been brought up in that, because if the husband buys an expensive car worth Rs 15 lakhs and faces the issue of not giving money to his wife, then 15 20 He has to buy shopping, his total expenditure is Rs 50,000 and he said, 'Money Macrame, I had made a video on Midnight Gas. He had told me that if you have not seen it, then watch it, then I will tell you that if you earn money, then I mean something. Otherwise, this is my second point of font. First point, I told about upbringing and its test match from second point, 1 inch points, whose money comes in marriage, husband, our wife, our one, our one.  Also, money is coming into your family. If you want to worship, then let me explain it. Understand that the action percentage of your husband has increased by ₹ 1. His eyes are available in the text set for 80,000 rupees. Now after 80 thousand milk is also included in it.  Electricity bill has to be paid, fees have to be paid, rent has to be paid, all these expenses, America's expenses, all the expenses of the year - get up, if you compound 1020, now do 650, then the total money will be saved.  That is 20000 rupees, now in this 20,000 I can live with my husband. If he smokes cigarettes, that too in 10 years, I will smoke and earn profit. There may be some husbands like this, there may be some husbands who do not smoke cigarettes but  Find out what to do now, I will give these 10 to my wife, I will give all these 20 to my wife, so this husband is not like this, all the girls, listen, girl, listen and it should be like this for me too.  Someone feels bad like 20 thousand rupees children say to their wife, take Simran, who will I ask in my life that there is such a closeness of girls below, without themselves their big feminine is below, in that you do this, brother's son has become a daughter.  It has happened to him again, he has to give something from his sister, she has to give it to father, mother's birthday, below other girls, there are boys also, boys cannot do anything to anyone of their own, nor is there a girl on the girl's side, there will be a lot of that money.  There will be some delay from Normal will be set by you guys, if you don't want then like the channel, if not then subscribe from this video in which it is very interesting to make a merit party, I am a money minded one, I have definitely not seen it, most of the wives have less understanding about money.  The lekar leaves are useful but if all the ladies are listening to this and as many as 350 of them must definitely show the 10 videos of my money minded series to their wife, the problem is the biggest from which page?  But both the husband and wife are on different pages, one has more money to spend, one has to save, one has to spend for himself, that one is very small, now he cannot complete all the requested programs in it, so he gives these points.  The money is equal according to the lock, according to the locality, just because life is matters, if you are not working at home, then the money is salary and even if you do white work, it is also there and if you have a wife, then she has a WhatsApp. that on all  Because you have to submit it or you will be told from the wife's side that brother, my mother is my money and one is our money, she should set her husband's money, why does she earn this money and white, that money is only hers, so the solution is also the same.  It is hidden deep inside that now ladies have to rely on the fact that the limit of their souls is to earn money, just like a lady expects to mute some country in a modern house, then all the work has to be done like taking children for a walk, buying vegetables.  If you come and do some work at home, she pastes you 20%. If you do some work, then what will happen is that you will definitely earn 20 lakhs, husband, let's say 10 lakhs is ours, but you will not earn 20,000. The work will definitely be done quickly. Add. Men and women are equal, so here you will think that it is very important for you to earn money, this music award does not forget to do a job in earning money, many people are associated with doing a job only to earn money.  Let's say that times have changed, money can be earned without a job, if you want to get clarity in this then you can connect with me. Friends, the girl's parents want to see whether you have educated your daughter or not. What are the expenses till you, housewife mother. Wherever the housewife flag is read in front of the husband, it takes a self-esteem journey because no matter how good a husband he becomes, I calculated and told him that Rs. 20,000 Simran  He is not going to live his life for himself because he doesn't give suits to his parents and does n't give them birthday gifts. How can he give it to his in-laws, who will not give anything of their own in that too, right?  You keep yourself muted from my salary and mine too, then you must do it, so as much money as you have, let's go. Lady can't live. Lady's downfall is that I am taking a date off. Should I change it to someone else or worldly? Below, if this one ends with the song, it's okay. Below, this one has to save some money. I have my own opinion that we have to buy things that are beautiful, we have to give some gifts. This one also gets it. Well, your family members also give it to him, so this is Satisfy what the family members give. I will make this in a separate post. You can also show a small house to the child before marriage and take the child to a small house from where she will get timely income of Rs 20 to 25 lakh.  A girl can take a loan and if she does a job for herself, she can invest her money. There will be question opposition and in that loop, the friend who will get 25000 rupees from the middle, life from posting is the whistle of a pressure cooker, it is her married life, whenever the pressure builds, she will not.  Her husband will not do anything in that, he will give her as many gifts as he can to her husband's relatives, it is okay, he accepts her and he  Every lady needs this much money. My journey of audience measurement. Mandelas. I believe that I am telling today's section to every lady that at least from the middle of Rs.25000 in the middle of the month this note and what is this, how much should I give that when  One more thing is required that those who do not give this symbol, merit, there will be money issues, the girl who is getting this will only face big difficulties but these small things which happen on daily basis will not be there.  Share this video with maximum people and connect with me on the questions in it. There are many options for earning money for ladies in the market and I understand that this excuse of ladies will not work. Children are small, husband is in a government job and have to get up electronically.  What should we do, how should we do, we don't know. If you are walking on all this, then still you cannot list because you are studying, you have to work hard, you have intelligence, you have all the brains.  Yes, you can't be like this because look, no lady does the sweeping and mopping of utensils. You have to travel to Middleton to believe that in a world class house, you are forced to sweep and mop the garbage. It is a different matter; otherwise, no lady does it in any house, so it is okay.  After that, how much work is left for you and you will hide behind it till half a cup of it, because as I am telling you, many times, even working becomes a habit and then you don't feel like going and earning money, which helps you to relax. Husband earns money and constitutes a job, which is a double income group. When wife spends a lot of time working. I will make different videos for them from different countries. We will make a challenge in it. You would like to make so many people on that topic, so you can write to me in the comments. Can you write more of my request in the comments now? I always used to say like share. I am requesting you this time. Did you return or not? Please write in the comments how you liked this series.  What are the topics ahead for you, I have a very good line-up, what would you like me to touch about, I will touch point on all these but this is the biggest request to the girls, whatever money you have, you can use it with benefits.  Also see the havoc of the girl, the marriage should be in such a place that there was lack of money because in this middle, a lot of things have happened on the marriage itself and there is mismatch of money tube and digit. When marriage happens, it is a life long struggle.  Think carefully about getting married to the right boy and boys also have to realize that don't marry anyone just like that because this girl has been taken from a very high place, you have taken her from a very low place, that person should always be a modern match.  I have made a video on that, I will leave its link also, you can watch it, thank you.