Hello friends, let's take our channel series forward, this video ladies can definitely watch notice but in this I am addressing men, in this marital video I have to tell how men need to conduct, day perfect marriage, patient, one guru mantra, one live sutra.  I want to tell you the knowledge that you have of a very old Indian, please listen carefully. Start what ever you will give to your wife.  You will give your better half to your wife too. I am telling the men that I am addressing them like the sutra that they will give you back in 10 times, you will get tax returns. Being extremely careful, what are you giving? Now, if you give love, then you will not get respect.  You will trouble her till the gate, you will get ten times that too in her life and she will suck till the time and place till the front part is ok, you will not get both the things instantly but their This is how the bank account runs, wealth, have done many consultations, have been an astrologer, bills for old things, not a cup add, there is linkup of things also, network is coming in 2022, slow time telling, try to make you laugh, a strong woman, issues positive and respect do not make.  White Mimosa adv1 Appreciate Tortoise Party Turns out to be cut while getting it square with such hair Make your wife strong because  Extra, we women will become your life partner in life and will take you to such a place where under such a sky where there is no seriousness, only love and love flourish in your house, wife has to suppress her insecurities, you are ladies by nature and are women.  By nature and secure which is very good because when man's chairman used to go hunting thousands of years ago, if women would have sat and felt, then I have created women in their DNA with thousands of  It 's not the current year, if you take any kind of security, then if you want to get married, then you will have to give security for security. Unfortunately, those who are mothers, they never feel secure in their married life. The newly appointed security situation is very bad, there is a security for everyone. Scenes from the Husband with Husband Weight Gift Giving for Female Every Woman You Want  Revolution and it is no duty point to give to you, which is our frill, a security suite and that compound. Many people do not talk about all these things. In India, I would call all these things as vote tabs but the skin is the mittu oil distinction I want to. Seeing the comment and piece, when you take your bike with you for physical security, I am telling you according to Hindu religion, other religions also have their own things. So you are trying to address these things of his, by birth you are not taking the mother's responsibility for him. The mother has a father and she doesn't have a father. She too should have kept the father in place in the system. So you, I am not saying that the mother. Forgetting your wife at all, saying hello to your wife, reading the messages during lunch hour, messages that know your responsibility, mother's friend can be there, daughter can also be there, pension can also be there, there can be something else too.  And you also have responsibilities towards the girl whom you have brought, if you press it accurately, discuss it openly, talk openly, then you will feel civil, very very secure and only a secure woman makes the house a heaven, if mother is not cute.  If so, please address their security to your father or tell your father that you kept your mother alive for a long time and in the name of this you pounced and  If there is property then there is peace in the house, but it does not mean that now only the mother's name will be used, the name of the family which is not coming will also be in the name of the person, the government has also given that caret to all the people in the registry. Paying two percent less in the name of women, the government also knows that the houses where there is happiness and peace progress and all the houses click on the family that the progress of the country will be achieved by itself.  If there is tea, then this is the Ganesh that is inside the houses. This mother-in-law and daughter-in-law are asking two more questions about India's GDP. How much research should be done on this. If the person is growing with Dip India, then he can increase this by nine percent. If 9 can do it then 11 can do it, there is so much difference because I will make a video on that too Quote Marriage and Economy Bed Marriage Date His video You want How Can Quality Amazing How Are Different How Not Able to Progress  Vwe Sexy Back Shy Video Subscribe And on one of the tables together, it happened today in India Subscribe Meaning, what is the matter for marriage every year, it is not that Jhingalala is going on, it will be very good there, it is breaking.  If one of them is breaking up, then three or four marriages out of seven may also be in shaky state. I give you time and I am not in a hurry to give it to you. For that, you are maritally serious. Share it with your people and  I am again giving this advice to men with sincerity that I don't want a very beautiful butt. Whatever you give to your wife, she will give notice to her. If you remember the answer to this thing, then you will yourself know what I should do to her.  You have to give because you have to get it back 10 times, you will not get it the next day but you will get it, then start giving respect to your wife and start understanding every point you will understand.  With 1000 and the game has been spoiled, for some reason the decision will not be given immediately, I have told you this but you will definitely get it, many people are not used to it in the married life in the beginning, now the husband feels that I have set him up, I am the only one.  Let me tell you about investment, let me tell you that he does not give good treatment to his wife. Husband David Beckham feels that nothing big is happening to him, he is getting late in all his work. Subscribe to the children. In old age, when he shoots you, he should reply quickly from the beginning. If you understand this formula then definitely write in the comment section and if you don't understand then I will explain it better and women have a request if they are looking for something.  There is also security in your mind that if your husbands know what he is then these leaves do not understand body language nor do they understand circle messages. By calling this, I have this technique, I have this sacred thread, if I get distracted from within and I get distracted, then I do some other action like this and you are an idiot, you will not be able to understand, that's why I am telling you openly, okay.  So women also have to buy a little communication, their batter has to be told openly, the families who are living well, there is progress, there is happiness in progress, all the things are happening like this, that is why oregano dew toe figure was out.  Money Part 10 Sukta Path and Future Insecurity and Types of Very Very Dynamic So first talk about these things Video Kaisa Laga Song Play Share Karna And Please Remember What Main Menu Invest You Are Getting Tax Returns Ankit