Hello friends Marital Series Video Number Nine Topic Read Disclosures Between Boy and Girl Should You Too Each Other Marital Series is a very popular series, eight videos have come, go to its play list and enjoy, if not then watch this channel ahead.  You have to subscribe, I am looking forward and today I am asking for likes on this topic, who are old subscribers, to bring the topic that three disclosures, now you will say that I am married.  Now what is the benefit, spread this in your neighborhood, among your relatives, in your family group, these things can also impress people with knowledge, just because that knowledge is not applicable for you, land, you cannot tell it to anyone else, then you can send it. Everyone connected, whose children are going to get married or are going to get married, must watch this and tell this to the people who are effective in this group. What is meant by purchase disclosures disclosures? Now is the IPO season.  In the share market, we put the disclosure in the draft red herring prospectus, the application speed, in which we tell all the things that we are this company, this is our work, this is very thick, there is a clear cut on it, there are also our era commitments within it, this is the liability, this is  By raising our questions, this company makes this product, this can be replaced, this can be a problem with our business, so that the person can take an informed decision, he also reads different things, no one calls investors but  There are many people who read it and make videos on YouTube to give knowledge to the people that this money should be invested in IPO and if it is not invested, then the company has to be displayed as per the requirement of SEBI. So, what are those three mandatory things in marriage which both  The parties have to ask each other, tell each other, raise questions and not be shy because here you cannot buy an IPO in which you will be allotted a plot for something like Rs 17 to 18 thousand and there is a limit in that. We need all the knowledge about whether there will be a profit of Rs 4000 or Rs 2000 will become black, but here life is at your stage, so there should be no hesitation in telling and asking three things. You should tell these facts yourself and after telling yours, only ask about the next one.  The first thing is then dad sales. What do many people do? They look silently, this is their house, this is the car, good butt boy, he is doing a job, I am telling according to the girl's people, the same boy's legs are exchanged with the girl's legs.  It is okay to take it, so now you know whether it is on loan, what is mortgaged, whether it is true that there is property, is it possible that the house in which the marriage is being shown is the mistake of the brother in America?  If you are not able to see or if he is feeling shy or embarrassed to tell you, then how to make friendship status with you, you will see that he does not take this month on his own and makes videos with me, he considers me real.  she comes like this Marital Affairs in Astrologers and Consultants and I have a lot of popularity, so these things are coming in it that if I don't tell first then I am a simple flower. So you asked what is the meaning, if we asked, then if you did n't ask then it will be like this, tell me why fonts.  Will tell that a loan has been taken in the name of the boy, the property is in the name of the mother, the boy is married to the mother and if the girl marries him, then it is her first marriage and is not in the name of the property.  These can be removed at any time, so at least some people are aware of them, after being aware, then you are taking the decision considering that whether it is property or house, marriage, then it is okay because an informed decision will be taken, but there are many people who are not.  Even the girl's parents don't tell me much. How come this recent news came to me that the girl has taken a loan of property with her mother and she is giving it to me, so this is absolutely not acceptable to the boy's family. The boy's family told us that there is no selection.  There is no need of obligation on the part of the girl, then the girl is also doing the same thing that the boys have been doing for so many years, now the girls are equal to the boys, so it is feeling very chilly, I am not a pro girl, nor a pro boy, I am one, now to show the mirror to the jewelery and the society. I am a person who brings positive change in a small society through his videos and it depends on you how many comments you will give to this thing, how many likes you will give to how many people you will send, because these are my topics, I say them on a daily basis.  Am  Is anyone discussing this on YouTube? Watching the India-Pakistan match, India won or lost will not change our lives. It does not matter in their lives. Cricketers have made a lot of notes in IPL. Even BCCI has earned a B.  Therefore, we have to focus in our life, otherwise you people spend those three-four-five hours in them discussing the night's results, the boy's night, you ask for the girl's boy's pay slip, ask for the bank statement and your girl also does a job.  or whatever it is  It is not a book of yours showing and asking because you don't think that if you are meeting a good boy then you might get angry if you don't get married then it means that you pay attention to the subconscious in the society i.e. there seems to be something lacking in your daughter. You think I have to cook this, this Seemingly seems like a good boy, seems like a good family, we don't have the courage to ask this thing, you think there is something lacking in my girl, that's why you remain silent, this active life.  of the fact  If this is ragging nice bro and then when life is a surprise to you that after 6 months you are getting a loan of Rs 90 lakhs and the boy is paying Rs 70,000 Emma, ​​this is mutual love, then don't speak props again, you got lost with me, you were helpless.  We were weak, we are weak and we conquer the world with laborers. This is the truth of life and if you are not then you are the real one. In the same way, you also have to ask clearly to this boy's family whether your girl will work or not.  How much will she do, what job will she do, isn't it that she is holding a salary of Rs 40000 and then she will stop getting married and say that she can't do it, it's very very clear to me, that's why, this is the first such equality in the society which the boys now have. Look at this.  The moment was like this, it was like this, it was crazy, it was the boy's, it was the girl's, it is happening like this, slowly, it has not become equal till now, it was like this, it is happening like this, but when it has happened like this, then the boy's people are locked.  look  Let them see that till now there is no equality in the society, it will take time to become equal in India, but since the return of this one, the boys are very irritated that it is okay that the girls with so many flowers will dominate, the girls who are going to do the same thing. What the boys have been doing for the last thousands of years, just the society has to see that it is going to space and we can actually take it forward logically and rationally. Nishad ji's institution is half and will remain so.  It's our time to make her happy, so don't be afraid to ask, the second person comes to disclose her health, a medical checkup of both the boys and girls, you all have to get the full body checkup done together from the same hospital, it can also be 80.  An example is confusion and there are 500 such diseases which can also return and can also be of different types. Why do you want to discover after one year to two years?  A married girl cannot give birth to a child. She has some issue in her body and that too. Want to discover the sperm count of the comment. The boy is less. First discover it. It does not mean that marriage has happened or not. I will feel very ashamed if so.  Should I say that Stuart Broad is only a girl? This test is an illegitimate thing for boys. Should I say that it is only a boy? Is it a Grinder Distance girl? If it seems to be right then it is wrong. Both of them have to be voted even. Those who know science - do you know that the one who has the same blood group, who has what blood group, those people also have issues, isn't this pure person coming in the marriage?  I am informing the marital counselors who are looking at such issues about the time in marriage, do not discuss them under carpet because this is very simple, there is a treatment in it, look at it like this, even after marriage, 50 things can happen that something may happen.  Gone with someone, met with an accident, got the knowledge that you will go with your destiny, but before the time of marriage, as they say, you have to write the product or use it and pack, if he has a date, then you will meet him.  First of all, you can check yourself because you used to see this, get some government job, any government job, I am not only talking to you about the bank jobs which are like that, even in normal government jobs, your medical test is taken. that this is my employee  If it happens, then tell me brother, how many bodies are taken in it, okay, this is the handicap quota, that is different but that disclosure is taken by the government, if you buy any insurance policy, you have to go even before that, then such a big event is happening.  If your marriage is happening in your life, then when you get the benefit of marriage, then what is the problem in getting dizzy after taking your medical, I can understand that you are looking for dry and girls, then a hundred times.  Latest medical practice should be done, it is solid that if you are looking for it, then check out its latest. Now even the report of Govind was asked for when people used to go, it was also asked for at the airport, if it is not known whether they have to come, then it is for those people. Start this process and then make your own standard medical test in which everything becomes clear to you whether you have any issue of type-1 or type-2 diabetes, then tell me. If not, then your basic system is fine.  If it is okay to be fat, then you will have to give health disclosure and also give information about your diet that father has hypertension and he has this problem, so what is the problem in telling that when he has a girl in the morning, now he has these issues.  If you want that both the families get married in the same item in both the weeks, then the thick glasses are worn by them and the thick glasses are not worn by them. Get both the thick glasses done, then the thick glasses are worn.  So let's do it without spectacles so that a little work can be done in the future. If in this matter one party is down then in the other I am not saying that everyone will have marriages, in India marriages are for everyone in every way because it should be done with a little rationality. Do it with a little brain, one has to give one's own disposal, it is necessary to ask for one's own, if you ask for help for the other, then you have to tell both of the second and third users of the family, both of them have to tell each other how much of the parents'  There will be instruments of marriage, it has to be cleared in the past, isn't it so that both sets of parents will struggle to control the life of seven hundred people and those who have daughters-in-law, the girl, the parents, that enjoyment, this word is used like cat in our society. Killing is a very derogatory word. You can relate to the kind of fun that a society enjoys, what does it mean to kill a cat? It is not considered good for someone to die before or immediately after a marriage, is n't it?  Relationships will be built on the basis that we will kill their cat. Now why does anyone need to kill someone in this forest cat matter. First clear it, how much is our choice, how much do we want to put in this forest. Do girls say this?  Will not be asked whether they want to have children, people take it as if the boy is white, the marriage is taking place here, she is a girl, she will have children, hey just ask, you will get a surprise in such a basic thing, the girl says, "I don't have to do it", she doesn't know how to get married.  will work  No, you asked earlier that we will not have to ask such basic things, we should not become stupid in the society, boys are also becoming Hindus, girls are also becoming Hindus, silently it is a depression, such a situation should be managed somehow later, both the parties are so over.  The girl is confident and thinks, you make me mine once, I will set the Maruti of the boy and the girl, you come once, rest we will see, both have become good strong players, it is about 2021.  The fate of the 21st century is also coming to an end. The 21st year of the 21st century is about to end. Players have stood on both sides. No one is weak. Okay, so do n't worry about it. Please ask. The boy will say that I am my parents.  I will live with you, my mother is alone, father is not there, where will my poor mother go, so I want to ask, if a boy is the father of a girl, it is not just another beating for her, then he will go here himself.  The girl's come, look at this girl, the girl 's boy's mother killed Ripley, 11 syndrome is always a thought in Hindi movies 1678, only the boy's mother was forced to watch it, she was doing such work on the cross, hey, the meeting has come, you yes month. That dialogue time has come to me, the whole society has grown up by watching those pictures, so the boy's mother has the same phrase, I have so many things, the boy's mother is the girl's mother, there is no one who is capable of giving birth to her.  So it doesn't happen that there is a lot of trouble in giving birth to a boy and girls are born with great love, so brother, the wealth of the mother who gives birth to a boy will go to her, all mothers are worshipable, then this poor mother is among them.  Why is there a syndrome, I still don't understand. Poor father, you and the thought have to look at yourself for a month, if the boy's girl's mother is the boy 's mother too, then will both of them remain sour, will they remain close with them? Thank you very much.  Clear and discuss in a zoom that it is there and you tell the to-do list first and if you don't have the courage then clear it up and ask the girls if you have any involvement in this problem later, then it was your daughter.  You can't see what will happen, you do n't know what will happen in understanding, you do n't know that the system of boys' people is different, the value of boy's mother is more in the society today and if the girl's mother is not there, then brother, please get it clear that value.  how much is b  Clear in your mind or adjust yours. Very clear. According to me, discuss these three things clearly before marriage or after that there will be no fights. Will there be fights like that, will there not be fights, will there be anything else but these three things.  Money is very important in health and parental influence and marriage because if the boy's parents enter into the marriage, then the girl's also enter into it and when both of them enter into it, a lot of chaos will spread in Kapil's life.  There will be no marriage table. Marriage is a very good marital counselor. I am telling you that you should stay away from them for the first year or two. With the new Kapil, the parents of the boy and the parents of the girl have to understand that the one who puts the cake inside it.  When you put it inside the oven in the bakery, it is in liquid form first and you should not tamper with it at that time, otherwise it will always have permanent marks on it. Put it in once it is cooked.  It should be 12 years so that they have recorded among themselves that how to live, how much happiness will the woman give to her husband, how much happiness will she give to the husband and wife, we will settle it among ourselves, if we have two children, leave them at home. They are fighting, they will set theirs, come on, take a toy, go, my article, everything is set, small collections are made in school too, parents should be involved in the first 2 years, don't even tell them, do n't tell us anything, that's all.  Good News After giving money, you will see that it does not happen for days, he says, come my son, I have given it to someone, someone's son is not giving it to anyone, son, it is not a plot, what do you call its registration, the girl has registered it in her name.  This is not just in a few days and how did you donate the girl? If you had done Kanyadaani then he would have just said Namaste because why do you do it, it has become very old there, I said, the 21st year of the 21st century is going on, we are facing new times.  We have to follow the rules and make the institution of marriage a happy thing. It is not necessary that if there is a marriage then there must have been some trouble, which means that big trouble, I will raise the impossible impossible. Pension for the audience, declare everything, brother, there is so much loan, there is so much salary.  This snake book is ours and this is my part, this is my status, tell me, okay, okay, and if you feel shy in telling, then you also know that you have done something wrong, then correct it, then you, then that one.  If you have taken it before marriage then what they say is to clean your balance sheet, here also you have taken it, send something for the wedding, do n't chop your own, do nothing and settle your accounts and if you can't do it for some reason then tell the next one.  Complete the disclaimer and you have just one message for the girls too, you guys have to marry only a girl who works and earns money because now they have to ask you questions, you are feeling very troubled on this, it is very mine.  maximum  If it is a male audience, then I would like to be a pro male or a pro female. Give me the one I want. If it goes well then everything you have will be asked. Boys, you will all be asked to do everything at home, you will only have  There is only one cure if your son works, he is suffering from the body and you feel that your home and family are fine. Pay attention to the girl who works, now how much does she earn, that is secondary data. Marry only the one who works on secondary data because  a marriage that doesn't work  Before marriage, even after marriage, she did not have to do anything, let alone do any household work. Many people say that we are from a very rich family, our daughter and our daughter-in-law should come, just let her take care of the household chores, that is not going to happen to us.  All the models I will tell a boy and a girl are like a car model, whoever has this model after 1995, MP3, it does not work in a particular way, those of you who have your own daughters or in relatives, when you check which one?  what happens to the second  Disclosures are a must for marriage treated as pre-marital polling stations. Many people ask me how should I show these videos to other people and how should I tell them such things. So please show my real estate video and get your elders to subscribe to the channel automatically. They will also get the videos through notification. Many people are very happy to put a gun on my shoulder. I am ready to provide my shoulder. There is no problem. Many people are like this.  Those who appreciate the content but feel shy in sharing the content, they feel that they will be judged, so you want to watch something simple, you have seen so many amazing real estate videos on my channel. Suck 24 of them and put them on your family group and give them to your friends and elders and tell them that they will subscribe to the channel. I am telling everyone the solution which they were not able to do on the channel.  If you subscribe and press the bill notification, then these videos will also go, their mind will also think and discuss over tea and by the way, my device for everyone is that there is no need to be afraid, leaves Goa and tell them openly and discuss the thing in your family.  We will discuss over this tea, India needs to discuss, this IPL will come and go, T-20 will come and go, it will win and lose, time will pass, start controlling your life, these are your issues, district them.  Start doing it because when there is pain in marriage then even watching TV is not fun. Thank you.