Hello friends, very interesting topic regarding those who have already got married, watch the movie for those who are about to watch it, those whose children are going to go to war in four-five years, it is also for them and start posting it on your WhatsApp family group for discussion over tea.  The use of spicy fun and what is it, I am coming with a big knowledge. It is practical knowledge. I have seen it leading to death. We all do marriages. I am going to tell you the speed of it, which is practical, but people might have missed it.  I haven't seen the frame work in the template for: You are a girl, I will try to bat from both sides, there will be two equations for the girl and the boy and some results will come out of it and then the final result will come out as to what should happen, okay, are you a girl or are you  You have cases with two letters, okay one of the boys is like this, you belong to a rich family, 6 parents are settled, rich family, Bullet has options on both the groups or is it a business family, upper middle class friend, he is a child of this class.  By which  You want to marry your daughter, you see property is also visible, some houses are visible, good flight is visible, car is also good, it means he is in good status and this is his son, everything looks fine.  Something is good but it is not very great for its job. Do normal studies in this and Lexis is doing a job for ₹ 70. Everything else is good so it will be ours. Gaurav is the boy's name, Gaurav is ok, now there is a Saurav. Saurav's IT is Kattappa. very promising in  The boy is fine but his family is not so upgraded that in less time Humble family and what is the great otherwise people will go to classic he many times have to go to road school so less time than oil Humble background is fine Sourav comes from a  Humble background and father is not rich, it is okay, low and middle class, 9th class pipe laga le is okay, immanently okay, and mother is housewife, it is water system disturbance.  Married is okay with his liability towards his parents but his salary is very good so if he wants more then his salary packages are like 2.5 lakh rupees per month which has to be spent around 40 lakh per year. One further feature is also very good.  Okay, so you are getting two choices, I am from a wealthy family, the other is practical, you are normally from a very wealthy family, you will not get all these combinations, this also from one pack, which I am saying is this. Now you have a girl in the combination market, will you marry her? Okay, so take the girl who likes him or say that she likes the boy, so let me tell you that in both the cases, the marriage happened late like this. In your first case, you said that  Seeing the family, it is a very rich family, it is a good family, it has been a year since the girl got married, my son is useful for all such things, whatever wealth he has, it is the husband's companionship, the dazzling breath of the husband, how much classical age is not limited, the steers' son.  the age of  12628 So she had become his mother and the father-in-law is 5253 years old and the one who is your daughter died this child year is okay so now she is zero old is the mistress 10 enter inside lift lift 55s a heart itni water add so  Whatever money you give to your daughter for her marriage, it is okay that the daughter will not get any share in it. If Sansa is ever happy, she will give four-five gold sets, only then will she rotate something, feed something, do something, okay.  Have it but don't have entitlements, George Clowney, have to survive on that Rs. 80,000 only and sens is Rs. 80,000 and the son is also dependent, so the son will have to make good living, so the daughter-in-law will also have to do the jewellery, the daughter-in-law feels supported by the household. This is my huge experience in marital consultation. I have to do these 12 classes. I got married on this basis but it is of no use because the Toyota  There is a Corolla in it, the daughter-in-law is not getting a ride, what are the words of the daughter-in-law, the words of the husband are in the jar and not even he, the husband drives her, I am not even the head of it, so whoever was there for you, the Corolla was visible to you or you were seeing a bigger car.  Its parts were the same, if you live with them or something small, then you have got the best camera there, if you want to get rid of it, or if you feel that you have an issue, then by all means go towards it, then this was the expectation.  Come to Aspect because we  We have to find out from the question what to do, such excellent videos which show the society in the best way will not be found anywhere on YouTube, we two are only one, it is not only my mind that works in all things, this is also my work, okay and complete notes and  Barry became the second case of an ITI student, now his salary is Rs 40 lakh 45 lakh, his sense of gratitude towards his parents is very high, my parents were poor.  He has educated me so much, now there is no limit to it, now he has sister, brother, these are parents, his income is diverted a lot, sometimes he roofed the house, gave them a car, only then took them around, sometimes he collected money.  I am not able to do it and on top of that the control is also visible from there Maulvi and if you have been to her many times, till the time she is this girl, I had thought about you, I had put the stamp of IT and married her, this is 40 lakhs  packet of so i  I was thinking that 287 is my right, it is my right to keep India away, it is not reassuring that out of 40, the rest of India goes in one, okay, if I get A then it is 28, out of that 28, keep 15 more than this because Bhai Saheb has  The family was so rich, so he got an education loan, which I am, he had some other expenses for water, so he will have to spend the same, he had got a plot or a house built for the period, he also has a loan going on.  My brother's meter has not gone down, he is still saying that the package is small, why don't you buy a flat worth Rs. 2 crores, we live on rent in Gurgaon, or is the rent going, it would be good if the speed comes tomorrow, then this is the solution, girls. What other solution do you have? The only solution is that these two will collide. There will be a situation near this one. There will be a situation near him. These two are different. Tell me one thing about Saurabh and Gaurav.  Taking an example but the situation is either she will have this or this she will have one of these, there will be only one solution that your daughter should be a working person, her own salary should be A grade 2 lakh 60 thousand, whatever is below that, that is hers.  This is very important. Hey, the boys select the girl. That's how you did it. The girl is from a very rich family. Sushil is beautiful. Sushil is also looking good. Is she from a poor family or is Shahrukh from a rich family?  Let's see in this, okay, when a girl from a rich family gets married, then this is what can happen, Akshara has something to do with the marriage, it will be a good marriage, Akshay's clothes are deep, I have done it once, that is done this minute, now she has someone like that.  No, I will be born in your name, I will be married and that girl is pregnant, you forget it, anyway, she is a brother, there are many people who take care of everything, if there are any other sisters, then something will happen to that bed, unless and aunty, if I found the only one, then I would have kept her.  In this too, I am not giving any in-laws or any central money, if that son- in-law is absolutely ready to become the son-in-law of the house, then if some rich family members give something, they will show it off a lot and launch it a lot and by doing this they will get it done in front of their daughter, then give money from you.  There should be something left in the return in such a way that you will also give money and perform the aarti, if that doesn't happen, then answer honey, do you think that marriage in homes like this is like a lottery has been opened and you are having fun, that father-in-law is very powerful, okay?  This is a business, this is of little or no practical benefit, there is no practical financial happiness, if you get money from somewhere, it will comment, cost of fuel, ignore your self-respect and so on, things will not be accepted at all, you will not get advice at all, then you will not get that either.  I have money but will not give it to see my son, I will keep it for my obesity and once I get married, I just want to see a girl, what is the next thing to do and if you are from a poor family, then it is not you but us, then the girl.  We want this from Sushil, we want that, we have some money, we don't have to depend, we see the girl, we see the character, maybe you are married, now that girl has come, now she is so great, that means we do not belong to a rich family. So it is not like that, why will she come to your house and sweep, mop and do the dishes? Someone who is not from a poor family, she does not cook much, she does things like that, then your irritation level increases, anyway, you did not bring money to such a person. so many kings  She is not even from the royal family, okay, let me tell you practical things, this is happening in the society, not my wife, let me tell you what you have to do after seeing the boy give the girl the key request. I had told earlier when I am going to tell this, so you guys.  Only one thing is guaranteed that the girl works and does not earn money. Don't marry a girl who doesn't earn money. Now I am not saying that 653 Lauki 's stage itself is worth lakhs or two lakhs. It depends on how the boy is.  She is a girl in a deep sense and has the capacity to earn 30 thousand forty-fifty something, she should be the first comer, many boys and girls have such a book that we have read you a lot, she has done this, she immediately started working as a miner and did her PhD.  Are we earning today? Today the disease will not come even tomorrow. We will remember that at the age of 25, it will be 26. Because don't hand it over now, he did not even say anything further that it is just for the sake of crushing. These degrees are degrees.  You are roaming around the whole world, I am a person and the girls should keep the size in inches because after 18 years, when she is doing degrees and is not doing a job, she was waiting for a boy. Collected some papers from them and if they are not converted into jobs then the papers have no value, so if you compare them with the earning person then the result of equation two is obtained, the girl is the earning person and the above one is also the same, so the result from both is that the boy is  Crochet a breadwinner, a girl can't get married without a breadwinner, no girl too, now we need to come because the girls will come out in absences, the boys have been crossed in numbers, you take note of the big surprise on the cigarette, the women and girls in India have been crossed in numbers. I am not talking so much about Haryana to the boys, I am taking it till now, the calculations here were bad, it was very written, India can India total, if the show is boys then there are 101 girls, you think this, I am now national  A survey was conducted that now its stamp will be put which will help in knowing the ice cream. In all these cases, we have to marry a girl who earns. Do not put pressure on the earning that it should be this much, it will depend on what is your status, what is the status of the girl.  But why should a girl earn, the insecurities of the earning girl will be reduced and these issues which I mentioned are very practical issues, so whenever you get married, do not look too much at the family, if there is no benefit from anything then I am not going to get any benefit.  Tell me, she is rich, she is a saver from the middle class. You just have to see, this girl is our daughter-in-law, she has the capability of making money for our job, because when she comes and stops and will not be secure, she will earn her four paisa, indirectly, directly, it is your son's benefit and frustration. You will not come, he has four tasks at home, he should not do them anyway 1995 23k Those who are yours, they don't do them, not only this, if not subscribe to them, then at least have a job.  So take it, otherwise it would seem that this doll would sit like a doll and the boy would go to work from morning to evening with her, doll after doll. Then I won't say anything else but someone will torture you so that he can do something to get you off.  So this is happening in time, if she is gone for an hour and is out of the house, then it cannot be tightened on her, she has gone for half an hour, she also got relaxation for six-seven hours and will sleep for 24 hours in between. Left Right: You can spend your education in something else and if you, a girl, earns money, you can easily lay a foundation of ₹ 5000, no one can recite it at home, no one even listens to her, she is not making you bread.  It is okay that I bring practical things, so when I see such things happening in the society on a daily basis, people do not find it diplomatically correct to share, but this is what is happening in the society. It is okay, so this is seeing the rich and the poor and getting married.  Don't get married. Spouse should see what is the status in the life of the person you are marrying, what has happened in your life, what is he, can he earn money, why can he do so, then we will come in more detail on this that in marriages this  I have seen that the middle of divorce is given even before marriage, yes, the seed of happy marriage is sown during sex, now many people will give it, even if I work, I am still sad brother, you leave the job and see.  three times  And I will go to the other side, I am not saying that if I do a job, I will get likes and shares, it will not hurt, this shoot me will come, my own will go away, but if he is on the scale of hundred, he will leave the job and progress, this is a big difference, Apps.  This dust hut has been looted from history and distance, the new generation has no knowledge of this and prevention is from Switzerland. Brother, with our own challenge, we were writing in our own. If this is not yours, then you should think like this. Your Christmas party will continue, it's fine, it's beautiful that they are 25, 26, there are no weddings at the end of the year, right, the western world makes all the worlds, we go to that place, ours is fine, on vacation, and it doesn't last forever, the whole type. Makes fun at that time, this thing is a fragrance, so watch these videos which will be a little bigger, to understand the need, it is very difficult to change the society, Vidyasagar di Raja Rammohan Roy's time my alarm  Show me because he was the only one educated. If 5 kg were not educated then his words would have been considered weak. There would be a change. These days everyone is great. Those who give knowledge are more than those who take it. There are more visible improvements and less givers.  So it's not easy to define the society, it's okay, but you see this video, I am giving this tablet, how to tweet it is a different thing, in this I agree with voting, I don't agree with voting, you want.  From two to extremely good very good, this vortex is absolutely nonsense, this will not work, the question is that I took out a tablet and said, brother, these marriages are happening, isn't it okay after seeing all this, then when you fall in love, you people will think that it is an arranged marriage. If you are falling in love with someone, then see that if you do it only on physical attraction, then tomorrow the attraction will go away, then no one had physical attraction for 50 years.  For some time, the person is the source of hormone, MP is needed, see brother Manish, there is learning ability that if women will not earn then they will not be able to survive, this is what I am saying, this is the fat of life and if men will not work in the house, they will not help a little more, they will not survive.  The way today's generation, who set out to work, has lived off their sins, it is not going to be like that with roles defined, mom will do this, dad will earn notes and so on.  You will survive, she is an increase hand, even if aspirational, keep it low, you also need to work and that woman is just like, I have to have one child, I have to have two, how will I achieve this, I will do it by holding its tail, can't not have a  Career and Don't Have a System Does Not Need Money Request 2424 Halki Shaadi Ho Hai 22 23 24 25 26 Satta Apne Ki  It is also happening brother, you have to work for eight years, even if you have two children in between, then sixty-five years of army, sixteen years for morning shift, if you reduce five years a little, then it will still be fine, what is the problem, he is in trouble.  Can you catch your child in school, then what are you doing? Okay, so please share the video, like the video, if you have not subscribed to the channel then do so, many people are saying that you are  Since he is making so many Avengers, a ruckus has started in many houses. If you have feedback then you can do it, I am not creating any trouble, I am making people aware and when it becomes someone else's, the awareness will increase, then who was someone else's because mother-in-law is also there sometimes.  That one was daughter-in-law, I will also make a video in oil because mother-in-law was also sometime daughter-in-law, it will be very interesting, okay, if you want that video, then it is okay for you to write it because please write it in short form because mother-in-law was also sometime daughter-in-law, thank you.  Very  mech