That Hello friends, today's topic is very interesting, I am going to give Guru Mantra, I am going to reveal the formula, many people are going, today I am going to give the key of any lock, if you speak, then any part of real estate can be opened with this key. How is this, how is that, for this, take all, understand this, before this there is a video about the trend of money mind-set series 3, which I have explained, that was applicable, now crouch all investment, whoever understood it.  Those who are connected with me and are also in my special circle, that is the paste video of the channel and this second best is coming. The creator knows which is his best and which is the second best. You have seen many videos on different topics. 11068 videos of the topic.  All in all, this is Money Mindset Series, Mr. According to me, my classic porn video is number one, that and number two, I am presenting it to you today, if you ever ask me a question, then you should watch these two videos.  Because if you watch these two videos, the quality of your questions will improve, otherwise while leaving, you will ask what is the design of any car, how is Amaze, in the same way as in real estate, ancestral property, how is this, how is that, if you watch these two videos, you will understand things.  Let's start the video. I had revealed this formula in the Life Webinar. I had made a video and posted it for the premier subscribers, but by awakening the Guru elements, I am going to post it for all of them. I am not going to remove it either.  I will always remember to share that formula with all my friends. I have refined and tweeted that formula a bit. Listen to the formula, take it out on paper, post the video itself. Now I have taken your paper pen, you note down X plus one. Want to see more.  The axis is the fixed cost of land. In this, we have the formula for the four floors built on a plot. So, the axis in the equation is the cost of line. Stop construction of the bike is Z, the builder. Its profit is reasonable, it has to be invested by you and there is also the cost of fund and there is also the interest. Whatever program you have set up, if you have to take down the interest meter of seven percent, then it has come from Equal to C. Our cost will be the floor.  Obviously, if you call on the divide, then you have to call on the divider here. This is very easy. To some, the total cost is like that of Abeer Pakodas. In the end, you have to divide it by four. So, you have to calculate how much will be the total construction area lock. If you forget to calculate the water tank at the bottom, if you forget the statue on top, then I have put a formula for premium subscribers, so the formula is this. According to the features, today I am telling the open formula: feet, someone had built it a year ago, it was built 10 months ago, and it is roaming around with different features. If you want to build it today, then the minimum is two thousand where the lift will be installed and when you give it to someone on contract, it can be done.  Is that 22 3424 also take depending on an average specification affordable one and not the first AC not AC-three 01 AC-two I am telling you the first specification at ₹ 2000 per square  Feet have to stop construction, you have to pay interest at 70%. Suppose you have taken a flower plot of two, then in 2 years, builders will come out of it, then for 2 years, you will get the first seven percent of Rs. 22 crores and the second along with the macrame of Rs. 2 crores.  I was not trying to confuse by pointing out and putting a scent on Mal 14, the restaurant will be ready in 2 years, then you will know how much this plot will cost, what will be the benefit of buying it.  The benefit of knowing this will be that when you come to know that you are getting the builder floor at this rate, then you can calculate sitting today itself whether it is the first time to buy the plot or not because this formula  Now I take it further, now the next formula, if this is a comparison of Deendayal plot and Deendayal floor, then Deendayal and whatever is there or it is light, this is the floor, we will take one bowl, then FD total to 1.2.  The C formula is Deendayal's. If your floor is coming out directly on the same size plot, then the floor of Deendayal Upadhyay, who is selling the printed player, has a boundary wall which is constructed and completed once in 2 years, then it is a 20% free lead. Deendayal Upadhyay in an equal to 1.26 bracket if the AC is a two tier product and the return is in a good location then the formula is  Equal to 1.36 As an example, Chhath Puja merger and BPTP plot, if you get C in making BPTP plot, then one subject chair is exactly two This Shapoorji is taking back expensively. There will be one thing in this, first I am telling the formulas and then I will explain its applications.  Depend on and yes this video received went over everyone's head 500 and 1000 2015 Services So like a money minded series, fingers and these lips because only the chutney of knowledge will have to be kept where there is no one standing in line to take that knowledge. So if you keep increasing WhatsApp like this then maybe now with one more example you will understand this is equal to 1.4 Serials Old DLF Phase-1 and  If there is Phase-2, which is the best plot area and is sold at the highest price, then if the cutting of the builder floor is like this, then the edit will be 1.4 C but F is big like Mahindra Luminous, then the flight of the same size, the builder floors of the same size, formula of  Equal to 1.4 to Z1 tier then AC 1ST year i.e. BSC 1ST year of location plot and also comparison with such 1ST year where  Plot Location AC to Tier Comparison AC to Tier with Axi is equal to 1.3 C Where the plot is Deendayal Upadhyay Prototype and you have to compare with the floor, you have to floor is Deendayal Upadhyay's floor so Axi is equal to 1.2 C, you can also reverse it. Like Shimla is said to be, its coral reef can also be in the coral draw that if Deendayal's floor is supporting me in rupees to get my education. So what is the value of my C and I will calculate it from the value of education because I know the cost of construction and what is the value of minimum  The value will be there if the supply is returned, it can be 70 thousand rupees per yard and the floor which is being prepared by Deendayal, according to safety 80, I feel that this  App by I hope I was able to explain to you people, this is a little and thinking, you have to understand it again and again and if you want to understand it very well, then by adding responsible example values ​​in the webinar, half an hour's premium has been put on the subscribers, press the join button below.  Watch the entire video in this and those who have iPhone Apple, who do not see the join button, I will put the link in the description, they can go to the description and join from the description. Put in the section I am noisy, IIT-IIM and such children are very connected to me, those who are working in corporate, many people will understand and those few who are big in maths, few are good at it, catch someone, watch this video.  Give this video to the maximum people, it will be beneficial for the society, you will start doing calculations automatically, with all the calculations in every area, you will get the profit of the builder and obviously the builder always wants simple things.  This is the video of building builders who come from Delhi to buy plots at any rate at Sushant Lok in Palam Vihar thinking that now we are 26-30 years old, father has given us four crores, this is not a job, we belong to a rich family. So we become builders, you have to calculate how much will your house cost, will it not come at such a rate that people will be sitting there with Gaura birds to buy something else and only to give you clarity after selling?  I have made a video, this is the first time that I have opened the box of my pet consultation. This is on an individual basis, so I will explain it individually. Today I have opened the box. My request is that it should be respected, that is, the knowledge that I have given should be respected.  It should be done and respect is only in one thing that I ask for likes anyway. Share this with maximum people so that people will understand Bigg Boss.  And this will be applicable for all states of all cities, this formula is more or less applicable every year, so how did you like it, please post in the comment section and share with maximum people, thank you.