About samjhaunga all ok d topic is system van and system tu kar ke aur sakte hai sakta hai which is in an element of the brain you please participate with me otherwise what I am saying will flop and I am usmein share the screen with you people Now I will also share the screenshot and when I do it, you can see what you guys are replying, okay green, I will share it now and you can see what you guys are replying, okay this.  dekhiae, it's not like 'P' is like ' A', it's okay to praise yourself. If you are your type then now I am starting something called system, before that I will ask you guys a question, you guys have to answer quickly, okay.  There is no such thing, there will be no such thing which is 2 * 2, how much is it, you answer it, even if it seems easy, answer it, it is okay, then people are answering it, it is okay, very nice, it is okay, so nothing is understood.  I do n't understand at a big level, okay, your height is 6 feet and your child's height is four feet, yours is 6 feet, your child's is four feet, what is the average height of both of them, write quickly.  Look, everyone has to participate, I want so in of yours, okay, everyone has to participate, okay, very nice, okay, very nice, okay, very nice, okay, this is your average.  It will be high five, very easy thing, I am asking you to participate quickly, you are from Mumbai, you went from Mumbai to Pune, you come in the morning, 100 kemph is ok, OK, I say it again, listen carefully, you went from Mumbai to Pune, the road was empty in the morning.  On 120 game page, I went from Mumbai to Pune early in the morning. There was an empty road. Quickly write down what was the average speed. You went to 120 campaign and came back. Hundred games are ok. Very nice, okay then the answer is not 100 people, look somewhere else they are taking 66.4 because last time I had answered 50 questions, whatever happens, I thought that the thing you can answer naturally was system van, okay so spread. All is done, okay, that one half, look later, do n't go later and do it when the answer is out, okay, I will tell you, okay, it's not about that.  Being intelligent intel intelligent is date person who knows this answer request time bus answer once you know time requires so mere ko aap nikal hi log date is nothing great ok so system van is date part of de brain wear  D Decision making happens like this Decision making like Apple You have to think What do you have to think 256 But if you automatically awaken the Guru element and become intelligent Let's do the logic of 24 24 17 729 but if I ask you, then you will be a system for someone. Once you multiply, you should know your status that you can answer things like a system. This system, when you  You are driving a car and suddenly someone comes in front of you and you have to apply brakes, then the system will shut down, the system of the brain will not be there, you will not be there because the system is slow, the system is vanius, the system is instantaneous.  If you attack for this then you will become like this, this is the system, if you think about it, then people will slap you, so you should know when to give news of the system in your life and when the system should do it, then the question which was there was that 96 answer with average speed.  Because it is a simple logic, it is not that simple, if you ask the height of two people, then these are two ingredients, a four feet six feet punch is given, when you say speed and you say distance. So one element of time is also gone, there are three variables, so when you come at slow speed, you consume time, then only more time is consumed, which in going, when you add the time and divide it by the distance.  So the speed will reduce, this is a simple question, there is no big deal in it, this system was there, okay, so hey brother, I am teaching you something, learn it, people are so connected with being a writer, I Now let me ask one more thing, okay, whatever is your desire, I will prove it, it will be excellent, there will be a lot in it, okay, there is a human being, he has two children, Ram and Shyam, listen carefully and please attempt and then the person who attempts after 10 seconds.  That means he is not at all intelligent because the person who cannot take a decision is the one who does not answer within 10 seconds. I will speak my question once in English and then in Hindi.  If 10 seconds start, if you don't answer within 10 seconds then it means it is not about IK right now, you are not in decision making, not taking other decisions is also a bad thing, not being able, you take only wrong, still it is okay. Because actually the improvement will be done in 20 seconds because everyone understands Hindi and English but if I give 10 seconds after finishing Hindi, then I will ask a question. Man and Shyam only give Ram one lakh only Sham gives ₹ 500000 You invest for one year Shyam in more Mani Okay so I speak in Hindi Ram gave ₹ 1 lakh Okay ji so you all answer then I will show you the answer ok  The answer is screen share. I wanted to show something. I asked a question. It is okay for you guys to answer. This is yours only. I asked, is it time for Ram and Shyam? Don't do it now, there will be no answer, it's been 10 seconds, don't do it now, I want to do this, I want to show something, you are watching, I am going down, how many mixes are there Shyam Ram, you have understood one thing, see how many mixes are there, who  Shyam Kiya, how much will he be convinced that it is evening and how much will Ram's ear miss that Ram is there, okay now Angela Chawla ji said similar, you are an old question, brother, you are an old question, so you understood, okay.  But I am still trying to prove you, okay, I am still trying to prove you, because that's why I asked, Ram, how many new people are there to answer, I am showing you the answerers, OK, how many people are still convinced.  The answer is this Shyam is ok, I have told Ram, look Neeraj Gulia ji, I found Ram, 50% gas, this is what I was looking for, I am ok, if I find someone then you can get 50% Shyam simple, see this, Angela ji.  You don't talk like this, now you don't get praise, old students know it's okay now iPhone G is percentage wise, these are the others I got, I am from Ram, see Saraswati, but this is the justification, this is the learning, this is the justification given by a man with a job, this is our mind.  We are set, we are not letting them down, this is our mind set to understand, now this is my absolute Shyam, look at this, absolutely absolute Shyam, stroke return of investment, Ram is fine, YouTube old  Question sir, ok, no problem, no problem, but still tell the new people who joined, Neeraj Gudiya ji but funny mind set is 20% van, Aman Kaushik is 50% versis 28. Even if I am telling one thing again, then I am telling that.  I am just reinforcing the syllabus that Shyam earned the most money because here he had to do the system Mani, but you did the system to him. There is no need to worry here. You don't apply theta where it needs to be done, this is the problem, what happens to it, the system van is easy where it has to be done, but the system is where you have to do it, this trick of doing the story, this is the biggest problem in decision making, this thing.  What is happening in us is that what is the system system, which takes time and sometimes what happens with a lot of training which people had taken last year, my Anita Sunita, because they will have training.  For the one who has training, for the one who knows, the thing is easy. For him, the thing is very easy. I mean, think of it, if Ko says what is the square root of 289, then 17, the one who knows, that is 17, and the one who doesn't know, what will he do?  If you ask someone or go somewhere, then you can put the training second system in the van. People who fly are pilots, they don't get time to think much, so they use their system for many things.  We make a man by doing training and doing it, not everything can be done by doing it, but in a situation like this, when you will take decision making in real estate, then the decision making will be done using the matrix which I have explained to you repeatedly and the template.  It will be easy, you guys mostly don't want to learn, straight man wants sample plant rate payment plan and just wants to come for decision, post system van, you can't take decision about real estate, tell me one.  Date investment of two crores or even Rs 20 30 40 50 60 lakhs, is the money being spent somewhere, brothers, will the system stop the system, will you decide the east, you can right, the size of each come was now, how much have I understood after telling you.  Real estate decision making will come under system van or system you check how much training do you do, how much do you do, suddenly there is just a shop there, it is like this, it is very good, hey inputs  Not only this, the entire syllabus which Amit Sangwan is covering will be covered in one and a half to two years, that is why he has told you people to stay connected, people connected on YouTube, stay connected, you learn this system, property, many people think, I will take one or two. You one or two people will have children and can help the world. You will take property and from that you can take knowledge from them. I am giving you knowledge and asking you to increase the value. You may have a party of Rs 50 crore but it is worth Rs 50.  So What's the point in becoming 200? If you take decisions, till now all your decisions may have been secretly right because your language of gratitude was speaking, everything was good, everything was fine at every point, now you are ahead.  There may be some other situation in the coming time or you are going to feel that something else is going to happen then you, I do not save money, it saves money from being looted, money is earned by luck, the day we learn this basic thing, we will progress a lot in life.  We will follow the path that a lot of luck is needed to earn money but only stupidity is needed to lose it, but what do people say that I earned it because of intelligence, was my luck bad or did he give me wrong advice? Hey, if you are investing on his advice. Come I will come you d next topic continuousali ki brother and not able you take decisions ok this is because you are same decisions have got wrong this basic reason so  No, one never takes a decision. Every man takes a decision. It is okay for marriage, for job, for investment. The end has to be taken on give and take basis. The decision as to what will be cooked at night is also a decision as to whether the child will go to school in the morning and after 10th. What subjects will be taken in 11th, it is all a decision, but what happens in general, these small diseasons are the mess in our life, it is okay, you ate something wrong, your stomach got upset, took medicine, it got better in 3 days, then  You will suck again, okay, maybe you should not do that thing, drinking the water of his Golgappa got spoiled but there was not so much noise in your life, but there is only one decision in life which is real estate and a marriage.  These two are such decisions that if they go wrong then the world will come to know that these two are getting divorced or these are very massive decisions taken by these two and I help both of them and also help them in marriage.  I am, if you will give a pragmatic approach to my metal series instead of thinking like a girl like a boy, then he will also get content. You tell me whether these two are important decisions or not. Yes and No weather you agree, if we marry then it is okay. Write yes and no now.  If there is a problem in real estate, then everyone's self- confidence is shattered. Man's self-confidence is lost. Your wife is so lovely, she should not make you feel that it was the builder's mistake, you have invested your hard-earned money.  We are poor people, either a person fools himself like this, it is okay without realizing when people are investing in Greater Noida, what is the population of Greater Noida, a basic thing of Greater Noida, what is the population of the city today, tell me, does anyone know? Whoever has taken it today, what is the population of Greater Noida, let us tell you about Gurgaon, how much can be the basic thing, then they will decide everything on the feeling, I think.  There is too much house, I think your decision making is on relationship, date is not this van second, it is an influencer including myself, you have to make India's number, you are a taker on clarity, real estate, ok, the number van will remain mine, no matter how much I teach you, you can beat me.  You won't be able to do it because I am teaching you. If you can keep a secret from anyone else because I am teaching and also teaching then if I have 100% then I am 20  If I am giving then after taking 20 years you reached 20 but then I took the press piece then gave it to you again then I took more so I am always on top. If the day I stop reading, writing, thinking and understanding then I am in a dynamic situation which is this  It was told that next year there will be something else, two years ago there will be something else, now you people have seen that the newspapers have started coming in, builders have started giving, man, this is a good way of selling which we are seeing in small cities in Rihanna. yes  And no help, people have given me newspaper cuttings, look, now these people also started doing advertisements and I had said that there will be so much time and people will start telling and I am now telling you that you are off, you are late Okay 4  57 of yours there I am telling you for 57 of yours, do n't sell your old property now, this will happen after a year, now you will say what nonsense is he doing, property will always be seen to be the affair of black and white, that too  It will be finished, I am already telling that, whoever has to sell his rubbish property because it has just been discovered, there are still lovers of ready to move in. Okay, so your properties which are not in very POS location because if the location is very POS then  So even if it is getting bad, no problem, something good will be made there, no, I have made the video, are you okay, so what happens in decision making, how do you get it wrong, it is outside in the gardens, in the buds.  Nikhar, today is Saturday, you love me, that is how marketing is done, because I tell you, listen carefully, there is going to be very high learning for IAS people, so their education is fine, no exam is fine, so usmein, you have to understand.  Which is the paper of IAS, how does it become difficult for UPSC and this is an ordinary paper, how is this thing made for an ordinary post, how does the mind think and if someone tells you, listen carefully, the first battle of Panipat. 1520 Tell me, does anyone know that guy will tick this simple paper or second battle, he will ask third, okay then gatkhad ji gave the right answer, 1526 okay, this is the right answer, okay so in 1526, I told you this, I told you, okay.  I am telling a deep thing, understand what is the game, okay then second battle Kabul, that too people have an idea about 1556, some 1761 of third, this is also the ID, okay so  You will enter four statements and these small exams are settled in such a way that there are three choices for the third one, your situation, this is easy decision making, this is your affordable buying type, okay, this one is easy in decision making, but when you come to this exam, what is there there? Four things will be written, Battle of First Battle of Panipat Boss will be written as 1526 Second Battle will be written as 1565 Now everyone knows this is wrong because  It is only 1556, he has written the statement that ' Third Battle 1761' is also known to everyone, this is correct, it is ok, I am not sure, will give Battle of Khanwa team or will give plastic team or will give Haldighati team or will give some other team, okay anything.  Those who will give a little difficult team, my friend will ask this, tell me when did Thomas Roy come to India, are you right, Jahangir, when did you become something else, then you will ask something different, our main man will not know, okay, if you are one, you are three or four.  All the choices will be such that whether your fourth one is doubtful or not, then even after getting the guarantee of three, you cannot answer even a single answer based on that, hence the logic of IAS is the same that you can also choose the answer in this.  Can't kill, you can't say that it can't be two, it can't be two, it is a small level exam, what is a big level exam that it can be all, it is good for you, you also have complete information.  I gave it and if your brain doesn't do it, then you also felt that the question is easy, you are studying completely and also struggling. I enjoyed listening. I enjoyed listening to the example that I am telling. I was able to understand that I am your friend.  Atal is questioning, I am questioning my knowing skills, have I been able to explain it to you all, so now we are not testing this thing, okay, so how can we do it in real life?  Well, they can learn this in the court, so I tell them to the children, there is a cure for it. These iron people make it really difficult, these choices give a punch of four to us, the ABC's of the brain and brain and now the paper is nationally.  It has become 5 times more difficult, increasing one choice, everything is fine, now these are some things fine in C set paper, I am recording, then you will also tell me that record, only then I am a Wagner for all the things, if you show me by recording, there is no recording. if you have fun  These people are connected around 500 people, how many people are connected, 464, okay then why would these 464 people leave you like this, friend, you give me the team, even while posting the recording, I am not putting it with super punch, after the recording, I am going to tell you about the decision making.  What is the solution for affordable housing? Drop usmein Is there any algorithm? I asked everyone who has solved it. Tell me, tell me what is the benefit to me. What is the benefit to me knowing that your solution has been solved. And I reduce it without any benefit, will there be any benefit to me, what is the benefit to me, I tried to check an algoridam in us, also you can check the application number, is there an edition of it or is there any pattern, on what basis is it being selected? Because I have seen a lot of people applying together, together, not one, why did this pattern come out, is there any pattern of applying during the day, is there any pattern of applying at night, will one apply in one day, do we have different patterns? If I have to put my mind into it, if I understand something quickly, then my logic will be formed, only then I can tell you, when you will impart knowledge, you will find a Guru and you will not die of hunger. You must have never seen a Brahmin dying of hunger for centuries.  They do not reduce the great things, they reduce the knowledge but no one is hungry. Now, times have become very different, but when I came to Brahmin it is told to the Guru, it is okay because earlier only they studied the ABS, anyone can study any Because you have YouTube, now you have Google, you have internet, so there will be a level playing field, but people are still not growing, they tell you that you have got a job, you have done coaching, now you are a tankhari, now where can you study everything if you have knowledge.  People, you will definitely become an interesting person and people want to connect with interesting people and the person with whom people want to connect, progress in life, whether he is a politician, whether he is a doctor, whether you are an interesting lawyer, he speaks good things.  You give peace to people, whether you win the case or not, you will calm him down so much that he will win over everyone, you will make him a juggler, it is okay, you want to become such a lawyer Bansal, whether you win the case or not, make your client happy, you are better than me.  Jodo Har ke Jitne wala hai Shahrukh Khan had said that these days Shahrukh Khan also wrote in your understanding that what he said was a little deeper, did you understand what I am telling you, did you understand one thing, you are not going to laugh at Yes No.  Tell me, it is okay that you have to increase your value, whatever it may be you friend, you are a teacher, if you become such a teacher that your subject is Political Science and Physics Chemistry, the children of Physics Chemistry want to leave their Physics Chemistry and listen to your lecture, it is possible that you can teach me.  Tell me, this is a free lecture, I am talking about the money. You people did not even give the money because they have given money, so they are not enjoying Thugs of Hindostan. They gave money in Thugs of Hindostan.  Have seen Katrina's dance, the movie seems like nonsense, now I don't know anything, after this there will not even be a song, but we are sitting, we are sitting, we will go after watching Chal Puri, you guys are connected, why haven't you gone, there is no gun on the temple.  I can take leave and go to the meeting. Right now I have not told anything about real estate for which you are associated brother. Event told other project ahead of nine. Okay friend, take this, don't take this, this is good, this is bad. Have I even asked anyone a question?  have taken but yet you  Is it true that this attraction is there, this attraction is not learned in the college, nor is it learned in the university, here it is taught only in the baby male and this ovary pillar will come only in time. The problem was that hard work is needed to bring it because you have studied for 21 years.  Did you get a job worth Rs 40-50 thousand, a job worth Rs 40-50 thousand, now the lower class drivers and these card jabongs and these food cooks, all these people will also make the middle class.  I am seeing lower middle class and over class, my audience says again and again, I am middle class only, many people from below also say judate, don't talk like this, we are poor, hey, I said brother, my audience is middle class.  If I come to you in the middle class, it will become an audience because of me, because the people below do not need to learn, they have the ability to reduce yours, they cannot do it with their brain, and if the value of what is done with their hands is increasing, then it will be.  Run a taxi in the room as well as at the petrol pump and you are running, you will travel, you people will do the journey with which your hands are not limited and your brain has now stopped working. You agree with this thing, what am I Singh, this thing.  Do you agree with this Okay they can stop the recording Nine I will tell you what I wanted You tell something I wanted You think there is benefit in this but there is no benefit You feel there is benefit in this but there is no benefit in this  There is a lot of loss, I am going to give the best example of that and what I cannot give in the recording, then D recording can stop if D recorder does not want you to sleep, it is okay, give also will see.