Hello friends, if I review the cities, the honey that is going to happen today is Meerut. Meerut, at this time when a very good story is made to be told, a story which needs to be shot, Meerut is a very good city of UP, a very historic city.  There is a lot of history associated with it, it is at a distance of 160 kilometers from Delhi, so if you see the distance from Delhi is not very much but Bigg Boss of the traffic.  Jams and the accessibility was not that good, so many working or not with Meerut Expressway functional and the story such good times for Meerut. In this I will also cover you a project because now I have released it by narrating the story of the city, but the product is one to tell.  That product is made, I will tell in it that it is very good for investment, that product is good for Meerut and for that, that product is for these people, who are those people, I will define for you and  I will also discuss about the product for 5 minutes, so in the beginning let's take Meerut as follows. Politics of Meerut, this rally will return to Meerut but educational institute will come in all over Meerut. It's getting lots of population of attraction for the subscribe. Population of this is so.  Now in subscribe it is known that population is increasing so there are people, there is money, subscribe for never expressway, so not even animals.  I see that the money has been wasted, I will have to make it better once, write down this question of The Film City, please shoot the film, Shahrukh Khan wants Malaika Arora on the road, my real people are coming on that, I will make you on Meerut.  Let's do our stick. There is very little sports in Meerut. There is very little industry. I was waiting for making this video on you. If there is time even in UP election multiplexes, then I am zooming in on the results of the elections.  Due to these objectionable particulars, people are also feeling very much that maybe the mall is the same baby's papad, Lord of activities happening in Mirch, the fixed connectivity is very strong and it is starting from the Ganga Expressway which is being built from here. Meerut Expressway has been made yours, de-magnetization and the festival of Delhi was very big, there is a report on it, it is so thick to read, it was said in it that the tele should be adjusted a little. Now what will be done to the cities around it, then you saw that Delhi is doing well in the south because of the planets, it is doing well here too, it is doing well in Noida sector also, it is okay that the rates of your Rohtak Rohtak will increase. In the above testing note, its Vastu's pimples are forever reasonable tax, but now the alignment is visible to the mail. If you agree with one of my calculations, then please write in the comment section below. Yes, this thing is very understandable, Choli is Delhi, read it and all the trappings of the surrounding area are fine, that's why we say everything and from where our athletics will become very good, like RRTS will be built there, the people of Meerut and the people of that area.  A lot of people work and if only if only 1% people go back Meerut only one percent and I am also at 5.5 cents the population of the issue is around 40 lakhs so u  Will release, if the diseases of torn leave also go back towards Meerut, then the rates in Meerut will increase. According to Allah, in Meerut, your Rakshapuram is Shatabdinagar, your Pallavapuram is proper Meerut, in the world the joint one is Meerut, the Shastri Nagar one is Meerut, the bypass one is Meerut.  Flats are being built outside, that one is in Meerut, above that is the story of Sports City being built away from the tracks, that one is on all sides.  So the product I am going to tell you in this Push Up is in my sight, it is Climate Towers, it is a very good product and my loved ones will say it or not, the inclination of the people of Meerut is Stuart Plot developed correct one, the people who live in Meerut or the people who are from Bhagwat in Meerut.  Or there are cities as big as Prince, where people are coming from balance per kilometer and 300 meter relay, their interest in plot distribution will be increasing and will also increase further, but this story which I told you is When East Delhi people will shift, people of Meerut have become accustomed to living in societies in Delhi and when they go back, Devendra and the click in the front will be taken up to the entire Meerut by flight, then my communication is answer admin, so this is what is in it. Project I am telling Jalvayu Towers Deposit Agent Shatabdi Nagar Sector 4 Behind Grade Five Facts in Telecast Keep the landscaping very lovely Gentry is of very high level and he is very connected to me and also to them  Advisor's advice is not to sell, but many people want to sell this tree because of the opportunity, at the rate at which they are selling, it becomes a blind buy. I am chatting from both the sides, from here as well as from there, you understand, not only me and  I will tell you in a simple way that whatever area you are adopting is trim and your parents live in some by-lane of Meerut, you can fit it in by investing money because if I leave Meerut then any person can.  Watch this video and it is indirectly and directly connected to Meerut and I like it and have good memories. I am not saying that someone from Gurgaon will invest in it. We have missions again Fateh Tourism Connection Wherever you are investing money in her top.  In the list [Music] Mumbai Bangalore Gurgaon Delhi Chennai should rise above Chennai and invest money in shares. Subscribe to my channel. You are 50 from Meerut. For those people who want to live within the radius of 1 kilometer, I have initially explained that to you, in my opinion, this is a school, friends, otherwise it has happened to someone, many people have done it, here people are ready to sell it at a much lower price than this.  It is not valuing properly because there is a job market for hiring Gurgaon, as there are many such flights from Delhi to Meerut, one can understand that it is so late, but its market [Music]  If it is not from the transaction itself, then the people from here who are willing to give even twenty percent from what I told, this is what I feel today and it seems to be increasing. Subscribe, the price of your cement is increasing and the price will increase further. Petrol prices will increase, prices of everything will increase, whatever has been made in real estate has iron or cement. Subscribe Police has a tasty veg list about this project. Whatever projects are coming or will come, they will be very tasty.  If you divide the number of flights in which there are acres, then within 10 minutes the project is 545. There are flats inside it, friends, it is just 5450 and it has a very good entry, the RW here is very robust and will keep this project going very well. And security is visible all around in you, the area is very open, Meerut and clipping on it, I have given computer tips and in this area against the reader, Meerut, Ghaziabad, stop loving less.  Your vegetables are available at one third of the price, you get friends and you do n't get dirty drains, your Ganga is a canal, there is sweet water, there is no shortage of water, there will be no problem. Going forward in India, these things will be of great value in the future. Next to me, Sanjay and I are happy.  Environment is an experience of peace, Partapur SP support, isolated kilometers from this project, Institute for Electronics, Already helicopter and all that, we operate from time to time latest.  Edition 2.3 pounds holding the tail of the airport does not tell the thing to Vikas Airport in its own mouth was a big thing that the runway in itself was a big thing in a large number of places, I have made a separate video on it sometime, but this statement is additional fact 365 that he is saying  Yes, I did not make it Jewar Airport. Okay, so that factor is that it can be beneficial in making it a logistics hub and all those things. Some understanding and connectivity of Meerut from all sides is increasing a lot. 10  After 15-20 years, it is possible that a green state can be created. If there is continuous politics, if a green state is created, brothers and sisters, it is always a matter of speculation. Yes, when a city feels good, then there should also be a story about its regulation because where the story itself is  Otherwise, nothing can be done there, so if ever a green state is formed then only Meerut will be the capital. Will you guys like this review? Will you tell me if the vaccine comes to Meerut? Make UP please visit and if you understand the plot then follow me, I have covered a project as per my understanding, the process is also made, one is good, one will be made, you can go and see it, sitting there is very peaceful, the rate will be good here, inch entry is very good.  The look is good, the facilities are very good, women are good as per Meerut, there are good shops inside, there is a swimming pool, the best thing is the people there, the pimples of the society are updated, there is an intangible thing in it, you are with these people.  You work or talk to these people, at what level are they, how much discipline do they have, how much happiness and relief do they have, all these things are tomatoeyed by people and they are intangible to you but in the long term when people will talk about them in the city that yes What kind of society is that, it is such fun, then gradually the rates will increase, then I am advised to people in the society as a feather number one playlist charity in India by telling with full confidence please don't Believe that at least two years storage started this quit from the opposition for long time no the time started but reasonable he jo pasand at him aaya to do not leave the crop in the field device fighting sweater advisory service if there are such people then please  Go to them and I have this 9 day offer for everybody that if you want to buy it then you can comment me on this skin and JBT Meerut. To medium Lord of people want to sell more inches I am not taking money from anyone anyone please I have five subscribers increase my channel's buyer and part subscribe increase my channel by pressing the subscribe button and watch the channel on YouTube. Fifth super of both the brothers, increase my subscribers, I will give him your number, I will give it to you, then talk to each other about the details, how much should I buy for the office, I told that, okay, I also  It has been told that then the airplane square feet is this fair value price report applicant price, they will take it from this, how has it been told like this, this displacement cost price today, if a builder himself buys the land next to it, it is okay today and starts coming but then what rate will he charge?  But he will extract it from someone, I have arrived after calculating and I have flirted with her, her husband is not having anything more, sex, spending money, attitude for joining, and there is something in it.  There is a flight which is available on the first floor, where you have to get a separate terrace of 300 to 400 feet, so if someone is selling then he is very good. The person selling the house on the first floor also has two parking spaces inside it. But motivation is combination, it is a ready-made thing, whoever is living in Paris and Meerut, in some isolated place of Meerut, then the question can be asked by coming out of it and smoothening it with clean and tidy, this previous Lord of  People from Meerut have become rice and connected with me, so this is the biggest thing for them and they will leave the city in Paris Fashion Table Kushwaha If it has become a habit then it is only in old age Yogendra Shift Based Projects Mirch Story Story is very good is very  Police Ne Plot Lene Plot-Plot Andar Lena Andar Looks Commercial Bhi Meerut Mein Will Oo Very Well Agar Danka Karmash Pax Kamar Stories Of Very Good At Each And Every Thing is Point to WhatsApp Loot Politics is Good The Economic Cigarette Demographics is Good Speculations about Everything Bright and 250 Things Jyoti Saare Box Tech Hoin Backstreet Fix Oil 60 Train Hota Testing 83030 Sure Train Don't even realize that a friend is appointed to a friend  So one friend looks like I will tell you the train at thirty-thirty-five and it will cost a lot of sugarcane.  There is no juice left in Meerut, people are residents of this place, start traveling in your car and see, you can buy from here Edit in More Wasting Money Yamuna Expressway Thank You