Hello friends, today I am starting my Tier Three Cities series. I was getting a lot of demand for making videos on small cities. Meena, the city I have chosen today was getting the maximum number of views. A story about it was being played out. So I decided to make this video today. Opposition, today such a thing has happened which made the story that was supposed to be the crown, the final result has come. On the first of April, Meerut Expressway has opened today, one week has passed for the public. This Meerut will remain toll free  There was a lot of demand in the city, I want to tell this very lovely story of UP, the play is muting it, we remain stuck in Noida, Greater Noida, I spent my money in Meerut, I am more prepared, see Yamuna Expressway of vegetation.  That the story of Yamuna Expressway can still be done in June, where will the people come from, there are already people in Meerut, where there are people, real estate grows there, if the story of an activity is a plant  A double story is being played out here, firstly this was the expressway of Meerut and secondly the RRTS which is being built will also become popular in the next two-three years, so I want to do a small test by doing my next. Meerut's real estate rate will be given at 15 cents in the next six months and today I will cover a particular project in it and in that project you will get 25 percent returns in the next 7 8 9 months. Thank you, how will you get it? You will remain with the project till the end. If you do not want to invest in Meerut, then you should also watch this video so that you can use this template for your cities, whatever are the small cities, find out for which story.  Going forward, I will cover the rest of the cities also, I knew people about my body, a list of 21 cities has been prepared, I will arrest you only in Gurgaon, now I will not arrest you in Delhi-NCR also, so let's start about that.  The distance of this expressway is 63 km. In two words, you will reach Meerut in 50 minutes. Everyone knows that when we used to go through Modinagar, there used to be so much traffic jam, it used to take 3 hours to drive, so the cost which this government has built on this expressway is very high.  But this distance will be reduced due to which it is built, this will also lead to magnetization of New Delhi. You have to think that the people of Meerut side who work and live in this tree of Delhi are the same.  The cost of aging is expensive and they do their work. If even a small section of them goes back and starts doing up, then there will be a lot of increase in the real estate of Meerut. This tow is representing and I am part of it within Meerut.  They have a very big history of their own, culture and agriculture, there is a big cantonment, there are a lot of sports goods, they have represented their own language, I will not ask too much on that, you people know it very well.  Meerut is a vibrant city, but the prices in Meerut have not yet gone up like a robot anywhere, so the project I will discuss for you now, its name is the Air Force Naval Housing Board project, it is called Jalvayu Towers, it is called Shatabdi.  Nagar Sector for Mahal Panchvati Enclave is Ulcers that near it it is a brand new project which has been completed and I will tell you 10 reasons why you should invest in this project. One small click of the project.  I will try to include it in the end, so stay connected till the end. Who will buy this project and why will they buy it. Those who are residents of Meerut can go to a project in this post. Those who live here fifty-sixty years can go to this project.  It is a very good option for the people who are original government people living here or want to live in their city on things and posts outside, whatever are the surrounding districts within the radius of kilometer and behind Dasma between Path to Hapur.  There are some units to exercise it, only 10 to 12 units are left directly with SEBI which can be bought by the civilians. This project is basically of the army brothers and of the air force people, but now the remaining few units can be bought by the civilians.  And in Vishal, like you can buy anything in a normal project, you can buy it, so my calculation is that there will be twenty-five percent returns in this project, the reason for that is on 15 Told about the cent per minute, I increased it by 10 percent because people here are ready to sell it at 10 percent less. Today, its fair value is - from the stand plus the journey of the team, hence the cent is 1968 per minute. If all the allottees are watching this video, I will give them the rights. Please do not sell this project. This project was done two to three years ago, so the patience of the people to experiment with it became limited, but today it is ready. 545  About 30 positions have been taken in the flat and the remaining 250 people will also take it in the next two-two and a half months. So, among all the allottees, I and I, many of them are also connected with me. I have a very friendly brotherly device for them. Don't sell it till next Diwali, you will have to sell it in the last one because when you see this looting which is happening in Meerut then Devi will have a sense of law of 8th same time. In Meerut, I am telling the fruits and other people who can buy them that if any brother is selling, I don't know to what extent is the crease of my video, then whoever gets the chance, he should do his best, so if any brother wants to sell for some reason.  And if it goes in the middle, if there is some compulsion, then take it in the next one or two months, it is a very good product, it is an induce product for investment, I will say in this way that you should take it and then send it because  There is a registration cost and then there is an attempt to sell but one thing is that it is worth living, it is worth giving on rent, it is worth taking a position, it is worth owning, so 10:00 What is the reason, the first reason is that it is a very low density project for you to buy. Seeing only 545 units and 10, such a project is not so open there that only a daughter builder has some projects, there is a builder who is cut off from NCR Cup, backdrop etc. proceedings are also going on due to which  The opposition party does not have Tejas, so if you do a cost analysis that a new builder will buy forest land and launch the project today, then by the time the supply comes, that product will be available for 5 to 6 years, then it will automatically be the price of juice.  Will work out more than this creature because the cost of construction and rapid time has increased, it is going to increase further and the end land has increased even more, now many people will already check me and write in the comment section that Meerut is a plot, the people here are a plot, there is no culture of high-rise, so I am not an expert, I keep beating my drum with strange things, the local people with Meerut have the same inclination that there is a place for a plot of their own by taking a plot, but  Tomorrow Taylor Swift is going to shift everywhere. Antigen of security. Lifestyle. People want special, which is incomplete to me. She makes a playlist of shift for the people of Eastern Delhi, so they are interested in this kind of project.  There will be a lot of choice zone. Residents of Meerut know the relative of Meerut, there is not much choice. If the daily stand rises by point five percent in that area and goes up to point five percent, then there are not five to 10,000 plots in Meerut. Take as many projects as you want.  And those people have already sold them, so it is not that out of 545 flights, all these are for sale, maximum 30 out of them.  It can be durable up to 40 50 700, it should also be of any duration, if people have taken it in their end, then the biggest reason is its low tasty second, it has 4 folds or flats, you can find two ways, one smaller, one better than that.  It was big and one is of two types 3BHK 3BHK is around 1700 jhal super area 90 is super area similarly your 2BHK is around 11 thousand second points which you have to take for this  That price point is very lucrative, price discovery is not there, it means I will not tell you the price here, but those who are interested can join, allottees who are going to sell can join, I request them not to send it with folded hands till next Diwali. But if you still need this then you can add that the buyers who want to take interest in it can also connect with me. Those who are interested in this project can add that this project is ready to move in. And it is absolutely brand new, the price is very lucrative, I would say construction cost plus a little bit and I am getting it, so it has profit and winner's profit, no because no profit, no loss, polish is free which is built on it and here  But now you do not have to pay any GST or any such taxes which are spent on the product which is under construction, you do not have to pay it because Radomiel is the third product and the landscaping in it is very beautiful.  If you see people in that flat, you will get to see a little of the landscape in it. Sanjay Van is next to it. The location is very good, right in the middle of the city, near but it is not that far, it is four-five kilometers away, it is very.  Shatabdi Nagar is a good place, you people, who will know the idea, it is a very good location, the fourth point, urine tension, it will be good because the society is a very famous society, many people would like to live here because of Bigg Boss Security and now who is one with it and you  There is five weight with the society, its text introduction entry is very good, these are mostly our military brothers, there are splendid people here and also this is the one where a normal Aamir would like to live, this is a big reason for wanting to interact with those people. It is 6th KG RW for any induce project. It is going to be very robust. Now the action BND will be there, 808 will take care of the project very well. Maintenance cost. Normal, which will not go rooftop like our Delhi-NCR project Sangh, if the contiguity is very high, then the cost of living is very good here, like the Ganga canal goes inside Meerut, so the cost of water, shoes and vegetables is like this. This is the juice of living, there is no money like this in this city. Enjoy, Delhi special people would like to return because you see 50 minutes of not much profit time inside Delhi-NCR.  People travel so often, if you open WhatsApp, if you find something like this, you will get incentive. No one wants to do the dieting hours which was there earlier, so now the time will be reduced. Due to this, this whole thing will start to be taken slowly. Those who remember Dwarka.  When this metro was being built in Dwarka, the rates were gradually increasing and after the metro was built, after running, they would shoot 125 questions in 3 months, when people would realize that this has become a thing and what is the benefit of it, then people would come.  would have started  If yes, then this is a region, its 7th season, the security of taking it here is very good, there are two types of security, the second one is the reverse activity, if you drink it then the truth is that it is a project of people of defense, Pursuit plus security is also very good and actual.  So it will be good and there will be a text font AG Propose day test, it is at a distance of three to four kilometers, so the flight has never happened till now in the screen, but in the coming time. Any time she can convert in the airport she is more precise and the dealer lifts up follow Tuesday yes letty this is dad and she is here at a distance of three to four kilometers nozzle is that which is the most one people always on  It is not known when it will be built, it is ready to move in and there are no taxes, it is an image position, you put it on rent, you start living on your own, it is there and there are 10 apartments.  RRTS station which is being built in Shatabdi Nagar, if you please remember its story after two-three new years, then you will also see it being planted here in the returns. Meerut is a 10 year long noise cycle of real estate, in that I am talking about this project. You are an example, I can see you taking 10 to 12 airplane mode turns, how good the percentage is, sweet, the story I told you in the next eight-ten-twelve months is going to be a bumper one, after that everything will be amazing.  Details will become more mud but Bramble's 404 likes returns will be given to you, starting from three and a half, you will get three and a half, four and five and the other ones which are not returns, you will get 5 or 6 because you will remember the story of RRTS, we are starting from the lower middle which is child number 40.  Take La Palma, it is easy to run it 50, it is easy to bring along, the child sitting on the number, it is very difficult to go for 4 minutes, those who are starting from the basic in the meantime, you  In the meantime, you will be invested that the returns are anywhere, even today your interest rates are coming down, now the government has said that it may be cut by mistake, we know that it is going to happen, now these symptoms are going on.  For any reason, do not show all those marriage loan interest rates and if you get less than five percent in the latest ones, then if you stick to one city, one story plot and my brother, we are seeing 13 happy returns in the last 10 years.  So this is a very good end use product for those who belong to this area, this and this, whoever wants to take part in it, they can connect with me, both the people who adopt it blindly and the people who sell it.  Don't call the monk because this is also a reason advice whether it is a symptom or a way to tell both, the buyer is telling the buyer to buy it because it is very good and the seller is saying brother, don't send it for 2 years because it is very good.  so you see this  Kaya that this is the loot club house of the project, now you can see that tomorrow there is a swimming pool, it is all amazing, it has a 210 storey project, it has eight towers, this is white, this is navy blue, in the middle is of Air Force, in the middle, you can see green landscaping. So Meerut fruits, this project has to be seen once. Those who live there, are going on holiday or are roaming around can visit. It has a proper role, see how wide it is, Pooja's macrame is very nice, you can see it.  So, which topic cities should you bring in Man, you guys tell me and the next city which is on my radar, Tricity is your Chandigarh area, rest which ones are you in demand of your Dehradun, Jaipur is in demand and here.  I will tell what sorry playlist he is doing, there is one or two projects with him because while talking in the air, the benefit should be time simple benefit, a particular opposite which I am all about.  Overall, I think it is good, what are the reasons for it, I will bring it and how did you like this series of mine, please tell me. If you have not subscribed the channel yet, please subscribe. We have told people in our circle who will be interested in this project of Meerut.  You can forward this video thank you