Hello friends, today's topic is mid-life crisis. It is a very serious topic but I will explain it in a light tone. First of all, I will halve the syllabus. In the Indian context, in my opinion, it is applicable only to men, it is a pass time.  But this is not applicable to our women because there is always some mini crisis in their life. I am giving such a compliment because our women are very involved.  There is always a feeling of sacrifice in the family, so in this video I will talk only in male contact, this mid-life crisis lasts from three layers to 10 to 12 years, it is agricultural waste, it gives this feeling at night.  You know, there are some symptoms of it, but in its basic definition, we will tell you that there is a time in your life when you debate that more life has passed and the child is less and this is a feeling. Apathy takes over. Panic sets in and you're distracted typing. I'll tell you five symptoms. If you're going through them, you'll set it. Maybe you're devastated and maybe you're going to fall down. There's no human being who can  If one does not go through this in life, then everyone has to take the plunge, then those who have their husbands in it can also see how those who have gone through it performed, all the people who are going through this, you will see this and if you show it to all the women too, then its  five symptoms  According to me, the first symptom of mid-life crisis is your lost of control feeling of lots of control. What happens in this? My wife is walking on her own cant, she walks anyway, sometimes it is not that I always think with meaning. Yes, but in this, who gets robbed, they enter each other in stereo 34, their opinion, their task, they date occasionally, the children have grown up, it is happening, they are not obeying you, then it is not a sense of control. Francis remains in your life, if you become scattered, if there are too many, then there is a general fielding in it, there is a state feeling of lots of control, it is not like this, sometimes it always happens to everyone, but whatever these symptoms are, you will get suspended, not one but two.  No, three, three, four, five more years are going on, so this is a middle actress, so first of all, she is off control, second thing is that she is set up to be very demanding and your time, your children have to see you, your wife is very much like you.  The parents are expecting a lot, they are getting into old age, they are having health issues, there are other property issues, when you go to settle this, the wife may complain from behind that you are  Your husband is there, that someone is watching your brother, no one is watching, why doesn't your sister see, why is he watching you, when you grow up, you will see that you are small, why can't you grow up, no one is watching you on research that you  that you  Realization is coming that no one is typing yours, everyone is doing something to you and will cook, but you are seeing that clipping will not happen and even if you give Devi, the would be captain's mean wife is not doing it like this, children.  You have something of your own going on, your parents also have a career, you don't look at us, we have brought you up, you see WhatsApp, those print people are also very popular these days, but we have brought you up, otherwise we have seen, so relate to that one too, that is pressure, same person. over the  There is a lot of pressure, the pot is inside it, there are fees inside, parents, children and your wife and there is a spice in it, the boss's boss will come and say to you that after seeing my name, I will tell you, Amit, I am not happy, I give you the time, okay? So will you fry or will you feel like saying sir my life is not happy with me mcdonald happy with me my favorite song not happy with me my brother sister was not happy  With me and only I am not happy with myself and if you are also joining in such a long list, then I don't care about the clock. Okay, if you associate this with me then you will like me. If this is the third symptom in this, terrorism is stagnation.  In a man's life, if his job is going well and he has promotions and he is seeing power and growth, then he would have gone ahead of my life.  It also happens that I get late in the 8th place of the bedroom, if I don't come to Fortis, then you come in this, they also have to come because somewhere there is a speed breaker and that next pattern of toll tax which will open, this is everyone's fear that someone will be in a hurry.  They get burnt and melt quickly in these factories. Later they would realize that if they dip well enough or watch such videos and listen to my words, then perhaps they will be able to dip well quickly and if anything bad ever happens in their life, they should not get this promotion.  so in that  There is also an advantage that comes to light later in the likes and God blesses those who have good Rajdhani tractors running, a good face for the house, everything goes well, but these issues will come in everyone's life sooner or later, job stagnation.  A big trigger is that if you don't get promotion then I have forwarded three proofs to you, then those who were all associated with you and your paraphilia to whom you were telling Surya that I am very busy, I am very happy, I have a job or a job, now you  If you can't even tell them the story, then it beats you very badly. This one is a big point because the street wife says that I am all yours, do n't you cut me like this, let's go to work, is it okay or the children say, let's go to ours.  Do something or else say something because till the time you were running fast in the job, you had told everyone that I am running, so everyone look at me, this is a very big point, third, fourth, a big situation, an atmosphere of affair of symptoms, half.  A constant fear in the house  There is an atmosphere in which you feel that where will the children be born, where will the children grow up, which college will they go to, what will be the fees, where will we live when we retire, what will happen to Prince's light, what will happen to that penultimate property of mine or that?  There is some dispute going on as to what will happen to him with Se. There is an atmosphere of general affair. You mean constant, you remain patient. Inside it, it would be okay, it would have been a big system of suspended base. What is his fear, isn't this fear of seeing a man?  always comes two months 4 i  It came and went, something got better and then fear came, these symptoms which I am telling will remain suspended, then this feeling of mid-life crisis comes, okay you have to look at this thing carefully. The fifth biggest point comes and then more physical.  Your body starts having issues. Now youth is waning, old age is visible. You are a physical monk in the middle. As soon as you grow up, your idea will be tourism, not tourism. There is pain in your body, I cannot work.  There may be lethargy, irritability may remain, minor increase in blood pressure may start, those unstoppable things may start, no matter how much you have searched for it in the first four or five years, it is in your body that whatever man you are, it is your life and it is possible that he is with his friends. Vikas can share more, he has taught a lot, PM will teach a lot to people by being a PM, in the pursuit of becoming a man, many issues arise from within, these are the five symptoms, now what happens in this, yes, I have seen it. You see how soft it is that when our brothers are surrounded by people from all sides and the fun element of life has gone to zero, after that some of our brothers come out wearing such jackets.  Wally ok, let's buy a Harley, how come, enough is enough Ward 10 12 15 Some like this, they will spend ridiculously but it's free because I earn money, I like it, I'm going out, if I don't enjoy, I'll take a bike  They will form a biker gang, they will be on the deserted roads in the dark nights, there was a song of Amitabh Bachchan based on it, they need some peeling that they will go on the bike and in this way they will get 45 likes per minute, then they will say that bill and level rise are fine, but in this, say these three things.  Four, I take out from you those other important things, many times a person is stuck in many cycles, so I am saying spend it, but I will tell you one thing, if you give it sustainably, after four, five, six months, then that kind of thing, then beautiful.  On the bike, when you bring milk and vegetables and here, you and your friends will also feel the same because the one who is on your acid and is your life partner, will spill out more that ok listen, why am I laughing, what do you also say, meaning my own self is coming out.  If there is a matter, I will not let you go, then what do many people do on a pure basis, they do not spend that much, what they do, they start filling in marathon races sometime in their life between 18 to 22 years.  The fact that he did not run a marathon was that he was six inches and typing and what is the race of 10-12 kilometers like a marathon? If you ever run in your youth or in a school-college date, if you are 2 minutes behind the first person who comes, then it is 1 kg. When he has six  Sath means minute Gujjars, so you are 15 minutes behind, 6 means 15 minutes behind in the 11 kilometer race, hence, you were a very average runner. Anyway, I will say below but definitely.  3450 You start running marathons, taking photos, dyeing your hair black, going to the gym, it's okay, this is the point, going to the gym is not good, it's okay for health, this is my personal opinion, it's okay, a nice Here on the right two drops off, you don't have to run away according to me, I will tell you what to do, I will tell you the solution. If you guys like it, then definitely tell me that we have been lying there ever since.  There is no time for studies nor was there any point in it, there were some lines in it that all around you are losing deadline, you can win over basic meeting, he is talking about meeting, we don't meet and the difference is that your match is at home, look in the book, motivational channel.  It is not at all true that I would like to speak English well to interest you, no, I just want to tell you that I am fine, read this point from Rudyard Kipling's side to him, you are fine, that is basically.  The child is being taught but here in the mid-life crisis, that person also becomes a child, okay, so he has to study himself, he has to see that I have to do that, only after reading it, you will know a lot, I am on the solution, you are okay in this, I have According to this, there is a solution for one thing, it means that in Cross, you will get many things done by one of them, they make money from many people, in all your videos we focus on money, money, money, this is a money minded series, it tells about real estate and investment.  about  I tell you the meaning of such money, Bhati ji, I tell you many times in Dubai but every time the money goes away. I would like to tell you that all of us who do the Aarti of Lakshmi ji have heard that there is a line in it, everything is possible.  If it happens, if the mind does not panic, then for Pacific Quiet, all this becomes possible and the mind does not panic, this is what midnight crisis is like and if you have doubt about the possibilities, then if you have money, the most important thing is money, this is the time part.  Yes, you have to bat like Virender Sehwag, in this it is not like Rahul Dravid that whatever you know about Virender Sehwag, how he used to play, how he used to play, from the times nowadays, from the difficult times of today, that batting end and caught element, Hina Virender Sehwag.  The complaint is that you have to chat here, spend money, have to spend, he is stuck in mutual fund, now something will increase, do n't know further, you will find happiness by spending even money today.  I have to buy this year's speaker, okay if you don't buy Harley Davidson for yourself, then give 15 lakh happiness to the family, I will tell them further how it should be, so that I will also tell you, but what should you do, the money is spent, give some courage to the wife. Go and spend a little on Mawa, renovate the agar etc., buy good things on it, get everything done on it from the Deputy Commissioner, Voter Fast Track, you have to move ahead with that and for that you will have to spend a little money, if you travel somewhere, then you will get vitamins.  But whenever it is good, people should add fun element to it. This is the last quarter of the time in mid-life crisis when your family is still connected, children have not gone out yet, parents are all by the grace of God, wife is still in control, everything is still under control.  I wonder what happens in a few years, everything happens like this when you exit so much, parents are no more, children go somewhere, wife's menopause is going on, her hormonal shoots are going on, God is at her feet, she is the lady.  It doesn't seem like you were married, although all the mothers and sisters go through the same, so here I am talking about understanding the ladies to the husband, I am not criticizing the ladies, I am addressing the paint airtel mails here, this is a shoot that you get so much.  Some balance has to be done this is shifted to learn and mental health and physical but you do not have to run here how do you perform in titu selfie in your family life this channel it's All about family, okay, how you perform in 5255 will decide your shift. You will get the feeling everyday that no one is chatting with you, no one is liking you, you will get the feeling that you have become like an ATM machine.  Cut the money, you just need to withdraw that feeling and right there you have to do the same work. You have to buy a very good ATM machine in which when the card is inserted, it is out of fashion. When it is felt, you have to provide it and these expenses.  Will study to do and for this midnight, my brother who is in his thirties will definitely tell you about the change because he too has to come, so in these five seven eight years, you should have a daughter to spend the money on, you should save it for something in future.  Because if you are trying to save money today, your family, wife, children, period, your quintals of happiness, question typing have gone to sleep, then the money that will come, you will not be able to come to the office at that time, then that money has to be spent now.  Right now I am very backward people in this for teachers, growing children and parents and whoever asks me to invest, I fold my hands, this is not the time, so you had to do in this, hence had to do in this and 2030 I have never invested in this.  It's getting old, so brother, let's spend it because you haven't spent this money. Okay, I also advise you. Now in the end, I will tell you another solution and you can tell me how else to keep the jacket. It's like this, okay.  You are wearing a jacket like this, don't make your butt hair work too much, set it on the one who is dying first and stand there, she will give you one point of scream, 'veer, you will stand firm', no one can do good motivation like this. No one knows the whole thing but there is one of us from whom you don't have to run away, you have to stand there, there are many expressways, so let's go, you have to do it with a smile and you have to do it with a smile. Another man told his wife first of all that this children  I will take care of the children, you have understood one thing, I will tell you the biggest thing to remove the fear of children, but all the mails you have received, my peers and friends are the subscribers of my channel, brother, think in your mind that the children have nothing to do with them.  I am not able to get any job, I am looking for some answer to this, this is the beginning of the year, get mentally ready for this, a lot of your pressure will go away now and what to do, I will keep telling this to the channel in the video.  I will not give up on taking them to greater heights, I just said it like this and will not tell anything further, but what they have to do, how they have to organize, for this you do not need to be a businessman with a lot of time, because I have very dirty  If you are a business emperor then you cannot send this message. I will tell even the normal people how to do it, but you should mentally become like this, tell the baby, yes, I am here, I will do it, I will see how it will earn, not the children, there is a need to tell this.  That is, calm down the wife, as the wife will be peaceful, the children melt, once Mohan gets relaxed in the house, once our women are there, the methods are there, they get relaxed, they are happy in the house, Andhra, ninety percent problem basically ends, that  If she asks what will you do, I have pinned her down, I have not done any figure out even after 5 years, you are amazing, so the clarity will go ahead for us, it is not like that, what happens sometimes, solutions to many things are known only after four years.  Well, today you can't tell because the child is in tension in the ninth grade whether he is going to college or not so he will pay ₹ 500, you ca n't tell him and there is no use in worrying about him, so you have to do this with confidence and a cute expression. Speak like this to your parents also, Paris does n't need anything, just needs time, needs some respect, just do WhatsApp on your phone, physically go and meet them, there is no need to think too much that my wife went and met my parents, they are your parents, go and meet their feet.  Hold on, talk to your friends, buy some nice clothes, talk to mom, she will cook good food, remember your old days and sit in front of them, add them, it's okay, be a little friendly with the children, sit with them, but don't ask me too much, what will you do, what will you do?  Whoever is doing, let him do as much as he wants. There are many things to be told further on this topic, I will not send it now, but how did you like it? I have opened a new perspective. How many of you set my mind with this thing. Please like.  If you are watching the first video like this then please subscribe because my videos are all related to elections. You will not get full enjoyment in one sitting. First discuss a little about what children have to do. Children's series draw function videos have been made and more to come.  How to set up a tissue, how to set up, how to hold the spinner, I will tell you, okay thank you.