Hello friends, middle class and contract, this is going to be a very interesting topic, listen a little, laugh, smile, do not watch with tension, middle class is the most opinionated class, the classes which exist within the society, the middle class of our country has said everything.  The contract has been taken up and the politicians also know these things. All the people who are running the system know that there is a system of very high morality of the middle class. Whatever may be the issue, the middle class is If you look carefully, the lower class, rich class and welding people, they do not roam around in such an opinionated manner, whenever there is a word or someone in their life.  They also do this kind of thing, they know how to pass the big type, note me cup of tea and note me fight tu pickup and note affecting me and remain silent. Middle class is the one who is in the middle of TV debates.  From the news channel, from the social media, from the middle of Twitter, anytime there is talk of any job or anything, brother, it is also like this, then all the jobs are talking about you, you want to send your child to him. If this happens on the job, no, but no one, then I will not send it, but if no one, if no one, then someone will do something, or that one, Kamya, this one, do well in the middle class in everything.  Or the contract is lifted when it is not necessary to lift it  The middle class feels that the condition of the middle class is like that of a lizard which is clinging to itself and is carrying the weight of Chhath. The condition of the middle class is like that of a hen who crows in the morning and the sun rises.  So the hen thinks that the sun rises because of her cuckoo. If she forgets to cuckoo and does not wake up in the morning, then the sun will not rise. But what about her, but what about this, what about your life story?  Nothing is happening in my life, whoever belongs to the middle class is quite big then, he is also ashamed of asking for things in his life, yes, it feels like this for some people and what is the psychology behind it, it feels like this.  That is, if I am standing for this or am doing that in response to this then I am a little superior because I will be superior only then I am coming for someone and doing it like that, he needs that feeling, he does not actually need your support, there was a farmer movement.  middle class  He did not understand that the farmers should support him now. Here also the farmer did not support him at all. Whatever he had to do, he got it done, whatever had to happen happened, but the opinion of the middle class changed again and again, it changed again and again, sometimes.  Sometimes here and there, sometimes here and then, they are caressing and caressing each other and that issue does not make you a factory, brother, the brain juice in life, I say again and again, low energy, low time, low fox channel is the limit of every man.  Do not become a part of agenda issues and issues. There are already too many issues in this world. Concentrate on your life, but sugar candy is visible in your life and it does not seem to be set. Changing your bedsheet seems very difficult but it is useless or comment area on Twitter.  In some useless fight or forward WhatsApp message or watching some useless video, you don't feel any sense of loss in it, you feel in it.  You are doing purposeful, you have got some flag and you are going towards it. Do you think that the middle class has to discuss its issues on its own and they have to do it. I have another channel. If you guys don't know because I probably did not announce it.  Guruji from Gurugram is my new channel of this kind, there I am raising these issues, I am raising the issues of middle class, I am raising political issues, I am raising them for politicians, I am raising them for torture, so my  There is a request to people, I will also give the link in the comment area, otherwise you can watch Guruji from Gurugram channel and subscribe, my audience is middle classes who are like me on this channel, so you can please join them there because they  One social awakening thing is the issues of the middle class, so please subscribe to that channel and do not make everyone's agenda and fight everywhere, teach them your fight and one word.  Whenever I am asked what is your opinion, many times I say, "Guru ji, what do you have to say on this?" Okay, so what can I say, but it will cost money to eat, I don't know, it will cost money, this is what I have to say.  If anyone is asking any useless thing to the middle class, give me money, then no, there is no benefit in passing time by passing time, it means like this, if you open your mouth, you should earn money, this should also be a fact, do you open your mouth?  and you have no money  You are living such a life of earning, if you whenever you have any interaction with the lower class then you will say like this RS 50 means whether it is an auto driver or a rickshaw puller, 3000 5000, how much will you do, how much will you walk, first they have to open their mouth, America is also like this, you will call me, I am free.  Yes, I am opening up, I am teaching you by doing this, what happens sometimes is that people get angry on the pretext of learning something, hey, you have to see it, so I will tell you the lesser things.  I am telling about the benefits for you, I am also telling about myself by placing my claim on the meaning, by placing my things on the without, so when I am telling so much, I am telling you all with sincerity, so understand that do not let this feeling enter your fight into the fight of greed. Define your life, define your syllabus, focus on yourself, focus on your bed seat, focus on your home, focus on your relationships, focus on your money, focus on your growth. Keep a fox on your network, keep a fox with your aspiration, you are taken for granted on everything, just like a small child is treated, yes, now it will open there, now there it will be there, now there the father will cut and now he has come and now it is happening like this, we have met.  Now you will stop watching what is going on, only then you will be saved. Watch my few 7 10 minute videos. Every time you will get a new perspective and an opening from within. From the note to the video, you will be free from all this and  When the things are understood, the fun will end. When the things are understood, the energy will not be wasted. The brain juice will not be wasted. The fox will be fine. Please share this video with Maximum. If you have not subscribed to the channel, then please subscribe.  While taking and leaving, I will tell you in detail about Platinum Membership of D Channel. You will get it by pressing the join button. If you are listening to Platinum, then write in the comment area.  You can also know how much benefit you are getting and for how long you have been connected. Thank You Very Match