Hello friends, this is a very important topic, share it with your friends, discuss it, discuss it in the family group, middle class needs you to discuss this topic, this middle class is sold on these things, these two things are very important in the middle class syllabus.  You have given Rakhi, you are working for these two things, you are struggling, you are not doing these at all, and for which two things you have to do, I will tell you, brothers and sisters, a lot.  I will explain it well to you people and you will enjoy watching the video. What does the middle class work for? Consciously or sub-consciously, one thing they do is knowledge, sometimes they don't do it. Those two things are respect and power. The middle class needs that.  You keep saying something like that but you need respect and power and wherever this respect and power is there, whether it is money, business or whatever job, there is a crowd there, see for yourself which ones are there, this is yours, this is this.  UPSC considers government job as a big deal, politics, politicians, Aadhaar respects, this story also gives a feeling of Chaudhat or a glimpse, Bhai Saheb, those who are working inside the corporate also get some knowledge, the story is about respect and power, if you want a position.  Respect Power: You have made a very big template which is wrong, I will introduce a new concept, after two minutes he will tell you that now he has to remember the concept, now these two things  You should not do it on what you should do on money and peace in Fox Life. Your Fox should be on money and peace. What are you doing? This note is very important today. Do legal work. Illegal work is not telling you to do wrong work.  There is too much definition of people because where there is money but so called power, respect is not known and what you do means good, here too you get money, you pay for it too, good, good, and no one is able to use the money in any way. screaming today I am going to tell you how much is our A which is not to gather crowd but you are not going there because you are feeling that you do not have respect and power. What I am telling you in the concept is that it happens on return. How much stress did you take in your life per unit of stress, how much return did you get on it, this is also a very big mantra of investment, I will make it in detail in a separate video form sometime, but here you will get to know how much stress you are getting in getting that power and  What  He has to get respect and what is he going to pay, he is not doing any calculations, just Fox is here and what is Fox because Papa ji had gone to some government office 18, 20, 25 years ago, there was a lady sitting there wearing a saree, the officer and his  She had a big attitude so she had a dream that one day my daughter would also sit here and just like I had waited here for two hours, now she had not waited for two hours with public prayer, she was a BG.  Many more ladies have been seen promoting Tata Tina. She is walking so fast with her saree out of the car. They think that she is getting late, she is having a party for a meeting. She is not the power but the highest, that lady is real.  It is ok, that means there is very less power from morning to evening, there is no power, now what happens is that all the people in the so called respect and upper position will not come and tell me that they are some new people because after coming like me.  If you tell me, you will say that your grapes are sour, have you ever done all this? You are doing like this, well, those sitting there will tell you, no politician eyes, did not tell me, brother, my dear, nothing is there, you have become a ticket, I have got the name of the party.  No one listens to me in my party, nor do I have any respect, nor can I reduce anyone, nor can I change my son, nor can I hire your daughter-in-law, nor can I give a contract, because everything has been ruined and if  This is something, that power center is another story, my dhore is nothing, they will remember it in their life, if they do it then who will vote next time, then the person with power should not tell anything. If you want to see the power of the people with power, then go and check yours. Let someone use it for some benefit today. Power is only in doing nonsense. Hansambadi can create trouble in your life, that is also a power, then there is trouble in your life, if only you note it, creating trouble is powerful. Many people have such a post which is yours.  You may cause harm, if no one can do benefit, then there is power to benefit, when no one can do anything to someone, then in reality there is no power, these people below you are roaming around the world, respect has become such a thing, brothers and sisters, the story is that someone has to give respect to someone. Not dear, look at the people of Bollywood, what all do people say, if the picture becomes a hit, caste may sometimes make you fall in love, but what the general public has put out on social media, see how much respect is there in reality, let one come, let them do it and that too.  Everyone has a lot of hitters, it is giving a little respect and there are a lot of people who eat the opposite, if it is not getting anything, then it means love, it is like something, no one has any respect, the doctor should be respected, there are a lot of people against the doctor.  They say it's okay, everything means there is no such guarantee, now you don't tell me no no, who became very good, people were farmers, the famine will be cured in 2 days in the sun and who is respecting who?  You are being respected, you are not being respected, I am also a farmer, so what is a farmer, one who has fields where he sometimes goes and works for four-five days, so I am also a farmer, so no one has the same respect.  It doesn't mean that whatever your respect means, you should get it from your name, personality, identity, address, you have been met by someone, we, brother, respect you a lot. Whenever someone has to work with someone, he will say yes.  We respect you, then what should they do with respect? School fees are not paid for respect. Become Master Dinanath Chauhan by respect. People are becoming middle class in the name of respect. I am telling you that you should understand carefully when you go after money.  When you get money, you get peace. When you get peace, when you get money, there is no bitterness, frustration and anxiety on your face. Due to this, you attract people with curiosity. You have never seen them, you have never visited there.  Do n't know, then slowly with curiosity the next step will be respect, people will start respecting you because you have earned money, you have peace, you are not seen running away from the story like this, you don't have any yearning, you don't need respect, respect Avni starts when  You don't need respect. You see, inside the houses where everyone needs respect, no one is giving respect. The parents who keep sending WhatsApp messages daily for the sake of respect. Children and the group should learn to respect the elders. There is a lot of benefit in respecting the elders. Those who have been there for six are not getting respect. Only the one who has it is getting it. Out of curiosity, people ask, ' What are you doing?'  How did you do this, how are you so relaxed, why are you not in pain, how are you sitting comfortably, how is the smile on your face, how are you talking such things in such times, how are you like this brother, this is that slow.  First curiosity will come from curiosity about the place, then respect will come. When you will have people who respect you a lot, your numbers will increase and you will also get power. I saw a question how to solve it. You need respect and power because that is the default setting in India. So brother, this route is not a direct route, this is an indirect route, I am telling you now, tell me exactly, mine is only the order thinking videos.  I ca n't do a perfect six in a video of 8-10-12 minutes. You can take membership. Thought process can be done in workshops. So there is power. It takes time. You have studied for 18 years, 20 years. You have studied well since the age of 3 years. 21, 22, 30 years.  If I go after power and respect, I wo n't get it that soon, money, peace, if I am wrong, you can correct me. If someone finds peace in success, then he  If someone kept running, he found peace in success, that is, if he found success, he would enjoy it, then he kept running after success, and if someone saw success in peace, he stopped, peace is not success, even living is not worse than what you are saying. People are asking for things. Brothers and sisters, you don't even have to live that much. How many years do you have to live? They give any age limit. People take the normal age of 8085 years. Whatever is going on these days.  But what is 8085 living in it? That shop and lamps went to Bhuj and they start extinguishing in 665. The soul is no longer living. Before that the soul was struggling. So when will you live? What is said about living is 4. Both are not from youth.  I will make a video on it, but it is even bigger, the retirement years of the golden days are golden retirement, the worst comes here, and this in old age, at 62885, they are mostly the worst. 95% people 5%, whatever figure has been figured out like me, if you want, it will give you knowledge, but now on youth, I am telling about the war only, sorry, there is no clarity, I will put this one on this angular formula. It has recharged more people because the elderly have also got involved in it. Okay, the middle class will get involved and will come on likes. Okay, those who have subscribed to Clarity, do the same. Okay, and the golden ones in this.  Period is of your life, no, it is not youth, they say no, childhood is childhood and it is taken out of your mother's control, that is, in confusion, what should I do, what should I do and then they say, sir, it is the system that sucks your blood, it is Illuminati, it is okay.  The one who sucks the soul, the one who sucks sweat and the blood, gives only that when you retire, then you will get what you want in life. As many as you have retired, tell me how many raw cats have remained whose children are not settled.  Their marriages are breaking, they are not getting married, they are not doing jobs, where are they happy from, we have made them ours, now they are not botad, they are golden, they are not happy, they are not, little beat successful, little beat independence, so your old age is this song.  If there is any fact then which one is that, a separate video will be made. If you want then no d real golden time of life then please tell me the date is d golden time of life sum of you have not entered date sum of.  You are great without date note is releasing on golden time, Guruji will tell you that brother, it is golden, don't waste it, it is okay and on that, old age is not golden time, there is no head, no teeth, no work, no value addition, no one gets it, no Namaste.  Does it happen? It's golden. No, we do n't have responsibilities. We don't have to have responsibilities. Not a golden period. It's a date. You're useless. The day after tomorrow. You understand. If no one had told you this, then the elders would have been happy.  I am not happy, I have become very, very, very humble and I myself am not an old man, I am just a youngster. Okay, people get confused by the hair, they do not see the glow of the face, they do not see the hands, black black siren, black black.  Eyes See Paradate What Can I Do What It's Okay I'm Astrology Men I Ca n't Color a Hair Okay Neither Can I Transplant Hair, Can't Color It, Can't Wear Wigs Nothing About Me  Should be artificial, when it comes out of the mouth, when it becomes the truth, you cannot lie through the mouth, you cannot speak it consciously, and doing your hair tomorrow is not lying, you are fooling the person, I have to laugh at those who empty their hair.  Do you get your wife's hair done yesterday and why is that wife doing it to make her husband look sexy to other women? I mean, my brother, do you know what are the real colors of your fight? They say donkey.  That he did it was a story, didn't he paint it and make him a lion? So what lion he has become. When the real opportunity comes, he will be killed. So you are doing it by doing yours tomorrow, so what is making you sexy? What is the color of the husband's hair?  I find his tongue and actions sexy and how you have to keep him and how much support he gives you, how much pleasure he gives you, how much respect he gives you, when she does such things with her husband, I have seen people, he has 1804 hairs on his head.  who have 184  On the head and they have also been told that, okay, so many people are living in it very artificially because they think that they will get respect from it, they will be called young, it will become a topic of astrological science, she also does this a lot, if she likes to color her hair then it is brown.  Do it friend, make it brown, make Rahu sit, only a little brain will be left and right, there will be no pain, it is okay if you do it tomorrow, there will be pain in the bones, there will be pain in the body, do n't do it in some other shade tomorrow, do it in lighter shades, if you do it without mother.  I do n't believe that people like you, how can they become like this, everyone knows that you are white and visible even from below, now winter will come, comedy is winter, it's a rakhi, we are turning on the heater and hair in the vest tomorrow, it is getting cold, okay.  Then what do you get from your girlfriend? Okay, so this middle class does not send you after respect and power, you send you after money and peace, I have specialization in both the things, you can take platinum membership, both these things are there in it.  You talk about money, you talk about respect and power, you also talk about model ground, you talk nonsense, nothing is meaningful with it, it is just work, work, work, you are realizing this, it is like this. Weight is your time table. BP is your table sugar. This is your time table. Yes, you can major in this, you can do something on this. If you cannot major in respect, then in life you cannot major in power. things that  Major cannot be done, I have watched the video and I have not found the path to real knowledge. Those who have watched till now have this advantage. Maybe two-four minutes in between were filed in People. Oh man, this one went a bit astray. It was a matter of a hair's breadth.  Started doing but tell me about the work here, respect and power are one such thing, no one can make them a major, there is no parameter but money can be made and peace is visible on the face, even a major cannot make peace but that. Relaxation is visible on the face, that power will not speak.  Power is also visible, power is not visible, the next man is the one who said that power, if you can't do any good to me, you have become something in your life, then what is the use of me, so I hope you guys will share this video a little, this is a shameful video. This is not true because if the public does not run away in pursuit of respect and power, then there will be some crowd there, peace will increase in the society, there will be no pressure and then only when you do the Bandhana Band, you will know what to do as long as luck is sending you.  Going In one direction and don't even know this and the direction is right Sometimes you don't know the way I have to go here or there I have to go there then D first think 14 need you do stop stop D there is a car brother sir I have to go here where should I go or  That car is moving, keep moving, you will know the way. First think you have to do stop then think I am telling her through this video please share like it. Want to take platinum membership. There are many videos uploaded on regular basis, some are going to give you ideas, some are going to give you peace, some are going to increase money, you will get a mix of both, thank you.