Hello friends, today's topic is middle class government jobs and reservation. It is a very important topic. You all will get to know something new because it is discussed a lot. I will come by giving a different perspective. These things are mostly prevalent in the middle class. You can also rent English.  It would have been better if this reservation had not been there, then we will talk about reservation. Those who get reservation can give ₹ 5000 arguments as to why this is so.  It should be given and those who do not get it will probably give up to Rs 10,000 asking why this should not happen and because of this the merit is bad and the country is bad. You people must have heard and seen this discussion in many different forms, what if the problem is like this?  I will tell in this video, I will also talk about I am for reservation and anti- reservation, I will not put it in this track because when a higher order thinking is done, it is done very mindfully to many people who  There is bitterness in not getting reservation in life because the person who is getting it is enjoying it. Well, what will he say about it, there is no discussion for him. Mostly this video will turn out for those who are called middle class.  There is reservation, there is reservation, we are not getting anything, no, it is okay for them to listen to the video carefully and with great love. We believe that it is very easy to be anti against something which does not benefit us, but life has to be  You will have to live, you people have to see that we discuss with extreme cases, what is the extreme case of reservation, today reservation is 50%, man lo, then what is the extreme case whether the reservation should be reduced to zero or 100.  You are getting percentage reservation, tell them brother, 100% of it should be given to you, this is an extreme, second one do an experiment, this 50 should be taken in full and it should be reduced to zero.  What is the probability of these two things being done? Will they come out? That will also be a topic of discussion, but if you take this man for you, then we have done 100% reservation late, so good luck to those for whose benefit the reservation has been made.  It will be known that those who have not been benefited in so many years, those who have not been benefited in so many years, they have so many jobs by doubling them and if we reduce it to zero, then those of the middle class, who do not get reservation, your children will have to leave their jobs. Reservation in crores means 180, this is how the people of 90 paise per year are made, the people of 90 paise, your child was living since 90, he will go, put the probability and numbers, what is going on, the game video will be long even now.  Watch the complete video, this is a changing video of the society. It is your responsibility to prepare your relatives, friends and children for the competition, not to prepare but for the sake of motivation, for the sake of clarity. Around 1989, Mandal Commission of Reservation and all this came, VP Singh ji, Prime Minister, there was not so much noise in 9394 95 because even then many SIMs were left empty and were utilized even after reservation and there was a lot of gap in it, that gap was monitored.  I am not able to calculate the marks by how many marks, those marks are increasing, the cut off for other sections is also 969, if it is in General then in OBC this data is cross verified.  You have to do this and analyze this data for the last 15 years. I am telling you roughly that in 89 and 7 cents, 83, 84 is not so extreme that he is coming out with 12 marks and in your 96 also.  What is the name of that gap in numbers, it is becoming like this, this match is becoming like this, how many years will it take for this to become very less, so there is no need to cry so much over this, only cry if  Rona is also the same general category student Roy whose cut is OBC category because even in OBC there are creamy layers of Shri and all these have been given higher marks than him so don't put marks below him. Have you ever asked your child to cry? How many brothers and sisters will this stop crying? First of all, tell me that crying should happen only when you have it, not if it is a reservation and your marks are as much as the cut off. You have no right to cry as much as you can, when you have not taken even that much. In this time, brothers and sisters, how many people will stop crying. 80-90% will stop crying. First, look at this thing, second thing, you will get it in time.  Look, you were born in this country, this is also a destiny. There are also countries which are in the West of Middle East, they can be in Syria also, they can also be in the war in Iraq, what is their fault, those born there, even in Africa.  Yes, they can be born in the jungles, they can be in America, they can be anywhere else too, but someone's emphasis is on destiny, is it your fault on whose birth it is, brother, in this rich family, in the rich family, in the poor, in the very poor.  In this caste he is not in this caste, so enjoy it, father, if I take it, you are rich and you are in a non-reservation system, then brother, it is a game of destiny, not the rule of the society made here when it was born.  happened because If you were born 4000 years ago, you would have had to do something else. If you were born 500 years ago, you would have had to do something else. That system was already in place, so now who will say this, our parents did the washing, I don't know, our ancestors did it.  If something happens to us then should we take the contract for it? Argument with our brother, you who plays it out to others, you know all these narratives when it plays out somewhere else that our parents and ancestors did it, we did not do it, why are you doing this with us?  You are doing whatever suits you there, end the reservation there also, the system is made according to the caste attainment according to a particular religion, but there are many more to this system, if I speak openly on the basis of our religion, then there  But let's hold the negative separately, the one who shoots, here, if this one holds the narrative, then I belong to this narrative, so hold one, what is right and what is wrong, I will not put you in this trap, I will not put you in this trap, I will definitely put you in Sargun.  no i this Whatever is your thought process, if you are keeping it here, then keep it here too, brother, it is not your fault, here you say it is not my fault, so somewhere, you have to understand the system well. Secondly, you guys have to tell me the trend I am seeing and the solution I am seeing and I am seeing the trend. No one has told me whether this is a trend or not. You guys have to tell me that government jobs should be made such that in the coming time, people  Said brother, you go brother  No sir, no, I am feeling like you, you go, no, no brother, I am not going with you, now you tell me, what is this in a government job, whatever you withdraw in four, it is a way of eating the money, eliminate it, it is to reduce less.  Increase them less, they are for having fun sitting at home, reduce them, there are holidays, reduce them, there is a lot of status where there is government, now tell me what are your teachers, government teachers of Haryana.  Take an example, because I am from Haryana, I am making a video of it, rest you can make your own copy, what government teachers were paying 15, 20, 25 years ago, they are paying the same amount today. Is it too less for a government teacher according to me?  If it is wrong, then tell me that you have to do teaching, the rest is also less, there are government employees in all the work, brother, government teacher, whenever something happens, it will be done by them and a lot of it can be done by the government.  The employee cannot say that I am part of this department, this department will have to be reduced by this government, posting will have to be done there, some adjustment will have to be made there, if the policy is not fulfilled then basically whatever you are thinking, there would have been an increment as well. If you get it, the job is sure. The economy of India will be worth three to five trillion. I would like to give you knowledge about the Indian economy, even if it is a long video.  Listening will open your eyes, you will get to know GK also, you are preparing for the competition and by giving you a different perspective on this thing, it is possible that you may get a government job even after telling all this, because you will get to learn a lot and tell it to the children. Indian economy was 300 billion dollars in 199192, now it is three trillion dollars. If you know then how much has it increased brothers and sisters. 10 times in the last 30 years. Astrology in a year.  If it is big then it can become Rs 30 trillion even in the next 30 years. Government employees will never become rich in the future and when the economy will rocket, then only those who have patience will be rich. Yes, the short term marriage market is run by the government. Yes, there it seems that the middle class feels that the middle class has become middle class by watching government jobs or by doing these jobs, then they feel that safety and security are part of the job.  Have a child soon, get settled, get married, they are not ready to face the period of uncertainty while jobs will remain uncertain in future. By doing that, I can say success, under which there is a lot of money to earn, if you want government jobs.  This reservation is so amazing and good that people are running behind it. Can you give it to us too? I too have to do this because no one is telling the truth. Every person's power is being taken away, it is being reduced.  Which was his new nation, that of a government employee, it is being reduced, you people can see if you have relatives who tell openly because no IAS has gone in public and told that my power is being reduced which was earlier that of IAS.  Someone else is congratulating me, my news is being hunted because of technology. Many years ago, there used to be a lines man in technology. He used to connect phones, he used to have many connections, he used to come on Diwali, he used to give a lot of money to someone.  he used to add it somewhere  Its corruption has ended, everyone has got a phone in their hands, technology will end corruption in the next 5 to 7 years because the way it is done and the reason for which it is done, the system itself will end. There was a time when there was a big problem in making passports.  There used to be a lot of trouble, you know, there was a lot of trouble in getting a gas connection. Yes, the patience level of the people which was high earlier is decreasing, jobs are not the solution, government jobs and reservation are not the solution.  Even if you do 100% reservation, it will not be good for this country and all the wars and even if you remove all of them, it will not be good because there are only so many government jobs and government jobs are decreasing at the level of Group C and Group D.  There will be no Bharti for them, no one told me much and I am saying again and again that the person who is thinking that he will have a lot of fun in a government job, it will be reduced to just four-five things. There used to be four-five things in a government job, permanent off job is a job for me.  someone from  It will not come out, there has been an attack on this also that you will not reduce it, the laws are being made like this and more will be made in the future, so this is a permanent thing, there is also an attack on the pension which used to be given to it, after 2004 you know that it is not available.  It is okay, after that you also said that I will take something less by corruption, okay see the psychology, you take a man from India, a government employee man, take a fort, there is a fort here, okay and sitting inside it, here on your middle class. They rule from late, they rule, they are doing atrocities and you don't even like it, but since everyone wants the CD, this is what you have put on Rakhi and everyone has put on Rakhi, give me the reservation CD, I too am here.  I am sitting here and I also do the same thing due to which you are actually angry at me because people find this to be the shortcut to their life because by working hard you ca n't see how many years it will take to earn money, but if there is a poor family then their child would reach there.  so it is  His status in the society changes overnight. Be it any family, once your child becomes an IAS, then you will be looked at differently, so this is the shortcut, so everyone sees the shortcut, that is why the crowd is more, now the crowd is more. Someone says, you have made two lines in this line, all these people are going Jai, have you ever seen their population, please tell me, if you suggest that there is veg and non-veg, then it is okay, then if the veg eaters also eat swine non-veg.  ones  If they also sleep, then there is some lack of eating in them because even if I do anything to both of them, that person still sleeps. For example, I try to understand that if the reservation is given to those who get it late, it is 70 crores. Someone has said it on an exact basis.  There is no sense, I mean, it is 70 crores and there are 70 crore people who get reservation and 70 crore who do not get it, then the 70 crore who do not get it have 70 seats.  And they also have 70 SIMs, so out of these 70 votes, 70 are being made, so what if 70 are being made out of 70, now what do you want to say, basically this first thing is very unfair, what you want to say is that this 70 crores  Whatever is there, remove it and make it 140. Now add 140 to it. Now here also you have made 140 seats, still the probability comes from the same if Simple Probability Math.  Now what is your argument, most of the people will say that they have reservation, they say that this person's number is less, this person's number is less and my number is more, so if I had taken this four seats, then I would have belonged to this one as much as this one.  I have to cry but it is ridiculous to cry only on 70 people. Now take the truth, you either want to say that their numbers are so low in reality that we do n't even know that all the children are selected from here, this is one. no stage at all  Bharti was friend, people's zero two punch number was also made ok, this was true, I am not doing it but now tell me the data, these people are coming up, one day will come that it will remain meaningless, reservation is never going to be removed because whatever political  No one will remove it, no political party is going to fill it, so this is a reality of your children who are in 8th, 10th and 12th, who have got a job, a period comes as soon as your child gets a job.  Then you started crying, what to do with reservation, only when the boy is sitting at home, the girl is sitting at home and father, if there is no reservation, then I would have just given him the flag, he comes on social media by staying on it, it is okay because people's  Let me tell you what psychology is, I say Bano na Bano, if someone from my community becomes such then I will take ownership in it like Rishi Sonakshi, India is happening in Pakistan, Dada to your Pakistan, the Parma had gone to India. Who is Indian or Pakistani, everyone wants to take it as their own, they were born in South India in 1980, no country has anything to do with their progress, their hard work and they have no stake in it, but everyone wants to claim, they want to be full.  Meaning, we had heard that one name in that too, Kamla Kamla Hai Re Ki Han Kamal Kamla Apna, then his statement came something like this, it did not suit us according to our country, so we again became finger on your lips, otherwise we would have jumped.  are going  There should be such a name, there should be such a city, there should be a picture like mine, this is mine, this is better than this, in practical life there is no such thing, this is the problem of reservation, your child will not get it, let's remove this, it's okay, your child will not get this.  This is like saying Indian stock market is doing well it is doing extremely well but aapka sher jo hai woh deewana housing finance limited was taken out and it became zero then the stock market aapka nifty went from somewhere to somewhere censored Your comment has gone somewhere Gopal, the middle class needs you to be very very specific, someone in your life has got a job, now the other people, the Democrats of Knowledge, are roaming around with all the data and even the poorest of the poor have access to it.  What was the knowledge and wisdom used to be? Earlier, what had to be done? Have you seen the old movies where Dharmendra ji used to come like 'The Engineer Babu' and he is making maps and bridges like this? Earlier, you were only a graduate.  If you had gone, your job in life was assured because there was so much poverty in India and illiterate people were not so literate. In 1960 to 70, if you did BA from Punjabi University, your job was assured because the bridge to do that was less, now 12th.  There are all the people who are doing and doing graduation, so the pool has increased, not even one government job is big, if you see in the last 25 years of UPSC, the jobs are not big, it is a valley, the total used to be thousand 1211. 99880 Population is increasing and more children are graduating, more children are preparing, no one ever says this about reservation people, those who are getting reservation are not getting it in unlimited attempts, give unlimited attempts, that way it will be destroyed.  Gaya, he can give unlimited attrim till 37 years, if IAS in a particular category then brother, 15 Can give an item 15 items, does giving someone's chances increase? Will give them 15? He is wasting 15 years of his life. No one is watching. According to me, if he reduces his attempts, which no one will do because it will be taken.  That he has done something wrong with the community because he gets the first 15 items, i.e. starts giving unlimited attractive 37 from the bike, then something wrong has happened with him, whereas maybe it should be corrected because he is getting so much science.  So he is not doing anything in life or is he giving tempeti, so brother, I am giving only two-three attempts, everyone has to become a banna, they have to do it, because among so many people, what is this system of the coaching industry?  Neither am I going to understand that but write down both the things, this reservation, this coaching and all the links, this is the clarity that has to be given, one is that IAS, someone is becoming one, neither is that person following him, the shot is to the YouTube girl, not to his lady, but he has become an IAS, wearing a century.  of own  This is how she comes out behind Azim O Shan Shahenshah. By doing this, some policeman there is making a suit and making him so big so that then he gets ₹ 20000 and the coaching people look like this Azim O Shan Shahenshah, go and ask him how many Azim and Shansha you are.  At least ask someone about any relation because no one has told in public who has what relation, there must be someone in the relation, there must be someone in the relation who maybe I know someone, tell me brother, how much fun are you having? Actually, I am going to spend eight and a quarter years of my life because my father thinks to the society and the whole world that I am speaking with experience, there is nothing and when he goes there and gets heartbroken, he speaks again.  It doesn't even occur to me that we have become a crazy bunch, we are not that uniform, TV is there, am I motivating and demotivating, the glass is half full, it is full, there is no use in discussing, how much water is there in the class, will this quench my thirst?  it  The whole public has to be focused, the class is full, if no one speaks then it is full, half is full of air, half is full of water, everyone has heard like this, everything sounds good, thirst will not be filled, if you will not get it, then take special jobs.  Don't cry on reservation, try if you get it, it is good, if not then do some other program, what to do to drive away in a foreign country, those will be different topics, why many people are running away, the system itself is bad, that will be my next topic, this will be about the awakening of the middle class.  For  These are the topics, they will be made 17-18, they will be made of 22-25 minutes long but they are changing and I am seeing it, so I am making it, if I were not watching it, many people would be watching it.  You understand, we are discussing what I said, I have no say in it, it is a line of stone, there are many things I have said, make this a topic of discussion, make that a topic of discussion, a six was hit on a no ball, it was high thi low thi.  India  Everyone has won. There will be no benefit in discussing what happened. A lot of time and space is being wasted on social media. Those who are preparing for the job, they spend the whole day on reservation and then say, give reservation. If you get reservation, then do something else.  It happens, rest of us will analyze how the no ball was, where it could have been, what was the chakka, what was the run out, all this is visible to the discussion, I myself do not see anything, even when I do not want to see all this, it is visible from the front.  If I do n't know then where will I be from?  Let me tell you, I have not seen the India-Pakistan match, but if you come to know that this is the trouble, it means that the world is watching it, that is why it is visible, it is visible even if you don't want to, so be very conscious of what you are consuming and  Very hot process because I am in Victor mode, I have a van of D mission to the middle class, this Victor motorcycle ideology is mostly fixed to the middle class, no one is asking, the upper ones are being worshiped, the lower ones are not being asked.  If so, please like the video, share it, made it with great effort and do comment, good or bad. Thank you very much.