Hello friends, who should take advice, who should take advice, it will be a good topic and join us, it is the first place in India to take and give advice, let us know, okay, so the video on this topic is deep, it will be fun, listen carefully, whenever we take advice from anyone.  If any advice is given by the giver, he gives it from his own point of view. I am talking about free advice and I will also tell you what to do. Whenever we have to buy something, like we are late for home.  There is a grumbling inside, tell brother a carpenter, tell an interior designer, if it is a normal thing, then he will say yes, it was mine, it was good, the biggest catch is that from whom should one take advice, the person he is, his tests, his social status, his way of sleeping.  If a lot of things match with you then maybe he is a hit, maybe he is a miser, should I give him quality information about the whereabouts of your child, how should I go? Every person is giving advice according to his own. This is D message.  Because if there is a good advice giver who has complete knowledge then we will call him consultant and it will not be advice, it will be consultation and problem solving and this is the IT bill committee price, I am trying to tell you why middle class is called witch middle classes and ready you pay, friend.  What is the money in telling a friend, what is the money in telling a friend, there will be such advice because the one who is professional is you, he is giving different advice to 25 people a day.  He has a bag of experience, he will understand your P- points, understand your budget, understand your likings and will give you the solution accordingly. He will not give advice. This is a very superficial road. Brother, give me advice. I have to take some time. Advice is not the solution.  If there is a salute, then what happens is that you are looking for inputs that I will take the decision, I don't know, many times when you are rich in expert.  He will give you solution and this is something which is very-very common in waste consultation consultancy which says that people will get a lot of money and make them rich in India, not everyone has yet experienced this, this is not going to waste their time and  Energy is only two things, you have limited time and energy, money is there, but if it is wasted then it will come again, but you have invested time, energy and mother, money in something, now you have invested it.  It becomes difficult to extract from it, the song cost is already kicked in, this is the biggest problem, then you forcefully start considering it good, they start doing this and that, but no matter how much money you will spend on it, but when you go to the planning stage of it,  You were not ready to spend money on this message. Middle class penny vice found in foolishness is an inner saying which is applicable in this. How can you ever take advice, first take it from the person who did that.  Reduce it and do it the way you want to do it, just because someone has taken shortcuts on how to do it or has done it the way he has done it or has made it by wasting a lot of time and you ask him for advice and he will give the same advice.  A lot of your time will be wasted. I am also the one who saved time and energy by saving time and solved the solution quickly and you are not like that because perhaps the one from whom you are taking advice has no lack of standing.  He can do his woodwork while standing, he can paint while standing, he can go and take feathers himself, but if you do not have the wherewithal and time to do all this, then you can bill request solution more professional, this is the cost of settlement  But give this quality, give your time, this is also safe and your head is not a problem later, you get warranty guarantee etc. I am giving advice on the things of consumption and you can also be given the power of career. I have started a series very well on career also, you people can watch it. Now I have told some important things about the profession and in the future also I will tell about those things, so how will you take this thing, I am a member of Never Take's family.  Note: Do n't do anything, someone has failed by doing it. Good day after tomorrow, you take some advice, he did it brother, I did it, I could not do it, and I don't know how it would be correct to not do this thing, but you, don't make this mistake. Video.  tell share share thank you very match