Hello friends, today's interesting topic is a Rondo of Middle Class, Child Statement and Foreign Country Settlement, it is very linked up, it will be a lot of fun, you will definitely get to learn something, rotate and discuss in your circle, one thing you liked a lot, I am filled with your comments. This is the source of the videos that came from my middle class. If you see that video, then in the comment section, in the description and everywhere else, above and below, you will get the link. You must see the expenses of the middle class.  Where to spend the money, a lot of good comments have come from a very good video, so today this is what Ronil is, Rona Kya Hai, I have made it on reservation before, you guys have seen it, I have made Crorepati and Rona Kya Hai, the system is bad, corruption. What will we children do here? All we have to do is go immediately. Children, there is nothing in our place. Is it there or not? You don't even get to hear that you believe in it, I do n't even care that you speak.  you the audience  What I want to say is that the majority gets heard, a lot gets heard, maybe you also believe, then write, there is no mistake in believing, every person should have his own system, but if someone text the belief system, yes friend.  This was my gold, my breath had given me 22 carats, it is 24, madam has taken out only 14, look here, it is the same and you were thinking 22, it is 23, so it is very good, so it is the same, do this.  What I am saying is that this is my video, do your test, there is no party of the system in a foreign country, you live ours, this is our system, this is ours, it is our ownership, it is ours as it is now, we will not discuss it, some people think it is okay, some others.  Some people like it, some people like it very much, they say that it will be fine, some say that it will never be fine, they are Indians, now there will be 140-150 crores, so the opinions will also be the same, there is no discussion on it, but the question is, brothers and sisters.  it  Whatever it is, is it ours or not, go and tell me, I don't get it to suppress votes, I will go outside, it's good, what is yours, what is your account, books, you middle class people are ashamed of getting your children reduced here, relatives will see, people will see or humidity.  You will see, brother, we will not be seen doing the same, if their children go out and do it, then the dignity of labor increases. Apply the formula of Purchasing Parity. If we do it in terms of dollars, then do it in terms of Canada, then India's ₹ 100.  The expenses are paid in purchasing dollars, that too is so much, what am I telling here about purchasing Parvati, if you have to buy an item in India for ₹ 100, then the equivalent in India will be ₹ 235. Okay, now people will buy dollars in it.  Don't give it to Canadians, it's okay because respect a little, a little, someone must have understood before making the video. Before denying, comment section is also a triple class fifth. I am middle class.  I am not demeaning you, I am lifting you and you can be made to do it in two ways. If I want to take your votes and stand in the election, then I can say that injustice is being done to you and to them.  If you are getting benefit and no one is asking then you will feel very good by coming together in Victory and making it a big thing and vote for it, but I don't want to take votes here, it is not my intention to vote for Sarpanch election, but think of it as a fashion by reforming.  In order to do good and feed Neem laddus, you will have to fill it with a little water type because it is spoken with a lot of expectation, people here know the language that it is okay that I am speaking with affection, this thinking is wrong when you get ₹ 100.  Here the child is ours, there 235 is ours, it is equal, now your child, I am not of this, don't send me, I am also not of this, do n't go, okay, but this is the soil of this place, do n't go, it is the soil man who understands. Many people are aware of this, when we wake up in the morning, they touch the earth like this, including myself, by doing this like this, brother, I will have to wait on you the whole day, I am sorry, the morning is starting, you must have heard the songs, I will get mixed in your soil.  If there is something to go then don't go in such a way that everything is useless here, that's why you are going, there are many people who belong to it, there are many people who go for their job, some go to study, some go to upgrade.  He goes to study in such a way that he doesn't know anyone, as if he has every right like mine, you are different, come thanks, I will also say that friend, your infrastructure is good, if you go out, then go to the house, you yourself are sweeping, mopping and doing the utensils, isn't that all?  You are like me, here even bed sheets are not made, so both of me, boy and girl, should be ready to do less in my family, do 20% of that, man, only the father will vote, all of them, this is also the truth of the middle class, your children. If you go there and are ready to do less work, then tell them brother, you do all the work right here, get up in the morning, make your bed, prepare your breakfast, press your own clothes, wash your own clothes because all these work can be done here on auto.  Mom gets it medically done, the washer is pressed and running, so the result is energy for you children, it is a different thing for you, how to get it out, how much will you get for it, that is a problem, but energy is being saved and doing higher things is there.  you sleep  It takes the whole day to call higher and think about it. After making the roti there, that is not there. In Canada, you put the pan on the fire and bring the roti full low bed. You also bring the net paste color from there yourself. ₹ 200, you can do two whole things yourself and make it big there. People take pride, here we do all the work ourselves, brother, here you have a gun on your temple, do it here also, who has agreed to do all the work yourself, but here there is shame in doing less, in doing less. I am my father  The one who does something feels ashamed, and then does something less and then does not go to do it all, then never go to your country, to your soil, by saying that you will never be happy. And the old audience knows them. Astrology has also been learned from me. Those who are learning the rest are connected. There must be some original knowledge which is not written anywhere. It is still left to be written. Is there any thing that can be told which is yet to be written? Hey, try it and see if you like it.  liked it  If you feel it is fun, then do it tomorrow, don't feel like doing too much, it is about everything, how, who wrote it, why, when, how, where, said, meaning, life is coming out of this, this is going on, and I know, I know, he has said this, then I know.  There is more focus on what has happened because of what has happened, who said where, there is no focus on what has been said and what benefit can be gained from it, because the focus is on giving all the answers, that is also the mindset, so it is on the thought process of the middle class like this.  My war will be like this, this is how you believe in your system. Keep the store and save them, it's a very good thing, your strongest, thank me, tell me that our thinking was great, you made Aankhen sound a little bit of a theory, but it doesn't matter, you are going with what you think, it is right and you have, without thinking it is right and you have.  Bin toll what is it right continue you should steel se thank you and jinke tout rahe hai bhai jinke tout rahe hai pain ho hai toh hai to pain hai toh hai toh hai there will be benefit in front of the pain whenever masala bunny  It happens, whenever you have to do something, it is beneficial, okay, there is benefit even in pain, so if you people are feeling pain and have sweet pain and are enjoying the pain, then write MAG comment MAG.  If you look in the section, then someone is enjoying that MG is very important in life, so tomorrow whenever you go to a relative's house, go there and take a photo and say that I am very happy, just ask him about the utensils, you are the one who reaches Sitapur stage.  It requires a lot of hard work and then many people  We will tell him this, we will learn everything, we will have fun, we will bring scissors, we will cut hair, we will become electricians, we will become little plumbers, brother, you could have done this here too, mom would be happy, dad would be happy, husband and wife are anything, there is happiness in the family at home.  It happens that so many of our children do not wake up even after sleeping here. What is there? What is there once, what is the amendment shift for the parents, many times the parents have no option, many times the parents say, son, get out of here, daughter.  You go out because I know that here he will hang on to us in a useless pen, so in this case also he is sending us, it is very good for so many, what is happening, is it important that this out juris out is in English, it is necessary here.  No, the system has not come to know about this thing, the decision about this thing has also not come that it is not good to go outside, it is not happening, I will make it in the video that it is not good for me to have full clarity because when you check that outside.  there is gain and loss by going You can catch that the wind is good and then the snow accumulates and the lights go out and there are hurricanes, tornadoes and all these things created in English, then what happens there and where there is freezing cold and  When you have to take out the car and one hour is spent in removing the barfi or have you ever seen this in India, in one hour we take the car and come back, get stuck in traffic jams and then go back after cutting down all the shopping and there your car is starting.  It is fine in that time and you are standing outside and chilling in it and he himself is doing all the work like this. You have to maintain cleanliness outside the house, brother, here the government cuts the trend, you keep this much cleanliness in India, India.  You will start feeling the same way, I am just saying that brother, whatever you are going to do there, start doing it in your country, here we Canada mines are cold, we will make the next team temperature, our country is blast, anyway.  four seasons  The tastes are all our own here, so I am mine, so if you tell me what should happen, brother, stay in your country, have a lot of money, here and go visit the country every now and then, and if you go to visit that country, then there is such a system.  Under that, bring less money there, dollars, don't leave any country, travel the whole world, loot the luxury everywhere and understand as much culture as you can, eat food, take photos, do everything and then come and compare, what is there in India?  It's fun, okay then you will understand, it will come under tutality and I want to tell one thing to our middle class children who are going there, I am ready to go there and become the lower class of their country and the people here.  India's lower class is when you come after 20 years, it will be middle class, that's fine only you will see and when you get stuck there after getting beaten and worn out then only you can become the best middle class. Now whenever it comes to foreign country, Sundar Pichai.  All these four names have been rated by the public, they have been verified by us, what is their relation, when did they go, what contribution did they make, take four names and tell us that ours too is going to become Sundar Pichai, okay, have you ever asked him that he is from India?  I live in A, I may want to come, I have ever interviewed him in detail, when did I go, how did I go, what happened, the parents do not live there, what are the advantages, it is our habit to argue about everything, the middle class has a habit of having arguments.  As it is now, whatever I have tried to tell in this, the majority and I subscribe are very very mature and because those things keep happening and fall out which are not there, may be among the new ones, meaning in some system no.  Someone should understand or do something, the old ones should understand in what spirit I am saying this, but what is there in the new hair, it hurts the system when it is attacked that what I am doing is wrong here. what set of set  What should I do? Hey, if I do n't understand anything, it doesn't mean that people can do anything anywhere. It doesn't mean that you can listen to what I say. I am having a headache. It is hurting a lot, so I would have shot myself in the leg.  I am fine because if I get shot in the leg, then the focus of pain will go there and then the headache will get cured, this is not a way, just because you are not able to figure out one thing, then the other thing is better than the other thing, there are many options. his time goes because send  Will you give me again? Do n't ask me. Don't come. Don't ask me. Our God did it. I didn't ask how much sacrifice we had sent. I did this, did that. This is the story they all are telling. Once the child is gone, the cursed yoga in the horoscope said.  All of you go, is this what he is trying to explain to us, these are not scientific things, they are nothing, hey take son, which science have I challenged, I am saying that according to the horoscope, going abroad is considered a cursed yoga for us.  It is right in the scriptures and there is alcohol in it, after going there you got a system that you can drink it. Earlier, what was there because if you went away, there was no chance of coming back, now it is like you can drink mine, so all our brothers and sisters listen to me.  We are fine right now, rockets are going to be launched in India, you people also know that leave us, go back to India, the country calls us and all, I am not such a filmy type of person, but I am saying, keep one foot here, everyone.  NRIs who are listening to me and  All the people who have gone out of India and I have a lot of audience outside, my audience is 20% and the data is on YouTube, pick any city as per your wish, wherever you understand, a lot of good things are going to happen here and people should come here as well.  Keep it that way, it is not expensive, now if you are short of money then you can buy a lot, okay, earn money here and there, earn money in India also, many NRIs are doing it, people are wise, it is not like this, the NRI is not going to go back to buy things. Listening to me and want you to connect for investment opportunities please type N. I am telling the people here to go to the street, do n't go brother, I am saying only this much, you can do only this much, the system is bad, this is bad, don't go crying, you have to go.  Go, who is going to stop whom, but friend, don't tell those who are living here that in our country, we are crazy to ask, okay, we will take photos everywhere and will do the same to you too.  Which means he said this and said no, you see what is happening here, it will also be used here and that is not the song of Gully Boy, to aap mera time aayega, do something like this, brother, India's time is on, it will not come time.  He came and whoever made the bed, no matter who is in India, be it a foreign fund house, NRI or we ourselves, it is fine, brother, for the next 20-30 years here Ramdev is chakka chakka chakka, complete luxury is fine and the one who keeps crying is bad, the system is bad.  road bad Yes, everything will be fine, you will still keep crying, it is fine, that is happening in many places, many things are happening very fast, but that crying person will then find something else because brother, first of all I say no, before crying today.  The man was crying and I said, made the bedsheet in the morning, who makes his own bed, why is it not made, has the bathroom been cleaned, then brother, cry only when you fix all your things, whatever is in your hands, the government does this, does that, that something else.  I will do everything and then set it up for you.  Laat Saheb will come again and will say the same thing, go there and cut your own bread, it is okay like this, you will eat sandwiches like this every day, you will not even get roti, Puri Paratha, forget it, oh you don't get them, they are also not Indians, all the cows, do photo ops in every country, and then in some country  And go to the country and while leaving, I am telling you such an idea because NRIs have sensitivity and will know in every consultation. I was part of this thing and it will  It is going you come up in a big bang way in the same time, it was an idea, was also part of it and we are making the soil of the country heavy, those NRIs had done something for this that they will send the cooler from here, it will be made from the soil of our India.  We will export it from India so that when you drink tea, the soil of the country touches you and there is a huge market for it, so how big is the sentiment, it does not run away from the soil of the country, that is, look at the profit margin of India's kulhar, how many there are?  It will be sold here, for how much is it sold here and I am very interested in it, if I am hearing it well now, it is a lotion opportunity, this is the idea which I am hearing, some businessman is hearing that all the history comes in Gujarat, okay when I sit and  I went there recently, okay, so take all these ideas, it is like this, there has to be a patent in some patent, make it and type yours, also print it and say brother, this is D Khullar from India, the soil of the country.  The soil of the country is the soil of the country, what kind of genuine idea is the idea, it was good, you enjoyed it, drink tea, drink coffee, whatever you want is fine, the soil of India is the soil of my country, gold has spewed out diamonds, pearls are fine, so that is the soil of the country and the topper student of the country.  The horse that is going to go ahead in the race, on which everyone is investing money and the horse that belongs to you, what is your originality, don't do it in such a hurry, okay yes, the hen of the house is equal to the branch. And the house is like a hen house, so how is the house? Well, in our house we know that there are 50 problems. Go to someone else's house, even if they drink, we don't know that it has been kept in the kitchen. No one goes and sees it very deep inside.  So it is not a chakiya but the extra of the thing I am telling is visible to me, otherwise how can I keep the house as I wish from outside, I know the five places where the real status of the house can be known, how carefully the people living here live their lives, okay but that superficiality  When you stay there, initially it feels good to go to a foreign country. Now look at the people who have been living there for so many years. Those who have been living there for many years, that too can happen. Then many people are starting to justify India.  This is what happens in me, this is like this, this is to do to the mind, brother, everything is like this everywhere, it's okay, he shoots bullets, it's like in India, such incidents do not happen because till now we have reduced everything there. So this is the problem isn't it?  It is okay for big women not to be respected by anyone, whether they are from any country or someone with enemies and gannaurs, you know how to maintain it. I will not condemn outsiders but I am our country. If anyone thinks of doing so, some body needs.  Did you see Sunny Deol's comment that Mathuradas was going on leave? Everyone will have problems. I didn't tell everyone that my leave will be sanctioned. I am going. Brother, Mathuradas is not leaving. It's okay.  Sunny Deol holds everything, you go, now you are leaving, Mathura Das also comes back to you, it will be okay, he brings his own, he comes with his jeep, when the time comes, then you have gone, Mathura Das, but remember this place.  It's only you who have the benefit. Okay, it's your people's benefit. The country will definitely become a rocket, it will definitely become a rocket, time has passed, time has started, what will be the meaning of it, if it has not already happened then that is what is happening until you discover. Don't lose this.  Opportunity don't lose this everything is in place ok this number is not headlines and all this but everything is good Amrit tomorrow is going ok thank you