Hello friends, today's topic is a new phenomenon happening for the first time in the middle class of India, witnessing this phenomenon for the first time in independent India, what is this, it is a very important topic, have to share it with everyone and attention.  You have to understand that this phenomenon has already started and is definitely a matter of concern but I will also tell you the solution as to what to do to avoid it.  Listen carefully to the phenomenon, for the first time it is happening that the middle class who are parents today, are in the lates or even after touching it, for the first time, their children will not collect money from them in the near future and the future after the near future. This is writing on D.  It is visible to the parents that the officers have not reached the group, the children have become officers and are not going anywhere. It is visible that they are not going to reach the stage they have reached. This is a new phenomenon.  When the country became independent in 1947, poverty was rampant, some people were rich, the middle class was not there much and there was poverty and every family. Whoever my audience is of whatever age, if it is young, then go back three-four generations and a little bit.  If the elder in front is above 50 years, then go back two generations. In three to four generations, whenever you stay connected with me of your house, see what grandfather did, what father did, you will get increment value.  You will see a growth story, someone was a farmer, someone went somewhere and got a government job, then got a lower position, then he joined a higher one, a growth story will be seen, there was a growth story of the nation, someone did not have a bicycle, the cyclists got a bicycle, then a generation scooter came.  After the scooter, after a long time maybe someone will go for the smaller Maruti 800, that story, you see in your generation, now it is happening that where the father is sitting and the children are not likely to reset.  Position and these 15 years from nine and this is a matter of concern in the middle class, not in the lower class, the lower class is catching up to the lower class, the elders of the middle class, who are parents, they are feeling their kids, I will tell you some dialogues.  First of all, let me tell you that you have done a lot for us, someone had said that you have done a lot for you, that these parents who say such dialogues, their parents did not actually say yes.  There was but that competition was also not that much, the base was here, now this one has been sold, you have reached here from this base, now you know that this base is enough for you, now the effort to go here is bigger than the effort to go from here to here.  There is an effort in living here too. There is an effort in living here. These days, this is the program to go here, so this is what it is for. Now look at yourself, you are doing wrong. Jiya, I will tell you because every generation gets its own opportunities. Listen carefully, do not give up.  do it  It is very easy to escape, you have taught for 18 years, in America you don't even study for 18 years, or you have done every education, you have done it for 24 years, enough is enough, hand holding is needed here, I want to tell you carefully.  Listen to such statements of losers who beat their parents, please forward them to them. Is it ok or are you people identifying what I am saying, then please write the ID.  What has happened is that the generation from 2002 to 2007, who were making good money in those 5 years and who bought real estate anywhere in India [Music], should appreciate it very much. At some point of time, commercial cycles run as many cycles as there should be. Stock market belongs to real estate, that's why I will not discuss the stock market. Historically, more than two to three percent of people in India never delved into business and never made a big base, so it is not a topic to discuss them, but if you see the real statement. So many people have earned money, the network is big, there was a clerk who was in the government, he used to buy property 30 years ago and the property on which he is sitting and it would be worth crores today, he is not an officer in a senior group but today he bought it.  If this is a fact, then where can the next generation do what can they do, there is a job of Rs 40000, there is nothing above that and I am telling this for a big city, in small cities, reduce anything by 25, this is the salary, now it is in this. IITM packages are a game, they should be made a topic of discussion, we will talk about the money left, a car worth two-four-five lakhs, seven lakhs or ten lakhs would be understandable, but pay attention, it is two-and-a-half to three-five crores, that would be an out-of-syllabus question there.  I am not able to understand and the next generation is looking at me like why don't they do something together and this previous generation is thinking that the son and the daughter are very greedy, they will do nothing on their own and have written this in my assets.  I do n't know what is the interest here, the family will have to sit at the intelligent dining table and have a round table conference, by calling the mother as well and by calling some intelligent person from the family who may be nearby, it may be in the relatives, there may be a lot of mentorship, there is a lot of retirement in these.  There is a lot of retirement within the Times and parents and all the careers, there is nothing that is cheap, the jobs of Rs 40000 to Rs 35000 are available anywhere.  You don't see it taking you towards 2 lakhs, you see that it has become 60, 70, 80, the title has to be fished, the skill set which is retirement, again every I am not discussing two special three four five percent people, they should not be discussed.  As for if you are inside them, then please there is no need to write. What happens is that the people who identify and take advantage of the video do not write much and those who are not touched by the video.  I like to write because somewhere in their blue system, there is some breakdown in the body and there is a slight burning sensation in the body, then when I write, I am saying that if you are IM and are doing very good in life then they too are going ahead.  I have posted a video on what burn out is, people have understood it but these days the base of my country is getting bigger, the one who has been coming from below since then is also easy 30. 40 thousand rupees is less and medium  Whatever middle class people are doing, their children are doing the same, while the lower class people are seeing their household matters increasing, but the phenomenon is that the middle class people are not seeing their growth and are not even getting maintained.  At times, if you do research, do research in your family, if the growth profile of 20-30-40 years ago was going on, then it is fine because the father was this, then the child became this, then the child became this, then what was the last salary of the father or whatever.  Late means that he should earn money. The son used to start from there or he used to reach there within two-four years. The father was trying. Now the father is finishing where he is and the son is doing 10 times what he started.  This difference has become more than 100,000, this difference is due to the position, especially those who have less salary of 2.5-3 lakhs, father is less in corporate, government officers are less, their children are starting from 18th, 11th and anywhere else.  Ho, the gap is not being captured, here the family will have to go to create multiple income streams from multiple directions. The child who has earned 30-40 from one place will also have to earn 10-20 from somewhere. The child will have to restructure the family.  You will have to participate in the same things and the project base will have to be reduced, but not on the rolls, the tax of Rs. 2000 has been reduced, now what are these reductions, now I am not able to say that you are the number.  Carpenter is understood here but there are not many such people where someone is ready to pay you for your services for two hours, 4 hours, 10 hours or 12 hours per week and you can sell it to the people of your choice in multiple quantities.  For those who are less, we will discuss. Okay, below I am grouping them as communication skills and this is the digital marking of all the things in the digital space, which I call this.  It is neither a business nor a job, because there is no lesson in life, you don't know how to talk, you do n't understand, you are in a startup for Rs 40 lakh, and that is no less, something called solar panel is solar, you are alone, not a job, not a business.  Do n't even have investment but want money. This is a different animal. Given below you will find an info group on WhatsApp, you join it if you follow here if your child is at this age of 16.  17 18 20 22 years 24 years 28 years I am not able to understand what to do because one of us is the youth who is analytically preparing from where should I start, maybe I will get a government job till the age of 32. There is no plan for 11 years.  You keep preparing and also do these things along with it. Ideas to earn money from digital space. Keeping presence in digital space. You have to increase your scale because if you spend your 2 hours because as you  In this ghusoge I will make you relax there is this van time date 2 hours got money for my sale but time is limited now even the employed people are doing the same 40 hours and give 170 180 hours a month and that time is limited time limited So how much can you sell, if we can scale it up then this kind of history of conversation will remain constant, there will be no 5000-20000 courses.  There will be small towers, okay, there will be very small webinars, you will get to learn from practical, brother, how to do this, rest then give idea, it is a simple thing, idea, according to which people are selling in Chavadi market, okay but execution.  In this D, what do you do it because you are told what is the problem, the idea means in the beginning itself, the idea is to reduce my income by Rs 10 lakh per month, then I I will try to execute the idea, this is also a big prayer, especially the middle class people will come more because no one in the family has done anything, there is no child in the lower class, tell him something, do something, you open everything because of him. Improvement is visible in doing anything. The most frustrating thing is that middle class children have to suffer because of this date. I will never be able to surpass my father in my life time of 5 years.  No, not 10 years, nothing, it seems like that and then father also in style sometimes gives some dialogue which hurts the selfish team or your go or say anything and then you want to do something very big. And those friends don't take free steps from you because you think that I just did something like this, I heard it from my father and showed it because it was like the energy of the early 20's, I had made a video on that too, you guys saw that energy affair.  That energy is that money is the only thing that is tangible, it can come and go, I am very intelligent, I am very good, I am very honest, I work very hard, I am all this story, how much money do you earn if you have it?  You are so honest, you are such a hard worker, you are so good, if everyone is good, then shoot transfer in something which can be checked, can be monetized, keep doing this for 35 years among yourself, I was very intelligent, my intentions were good, I was a good child. I am this, I am 35 years old, nothing has happened to me, I have to know this date, I have to do something, I have to do multiple things, please join, I am also telling you this, but you will start seeing some paths, you will start seeing the paths, it is good.  I did n't know that this would happen, it's not like I am addicted to me, I just brought you from here to here, there is no such thing, it's just that friend, this thing also exists, see, do it, there is money in it too, this too  One way is just thoughts  All open you and alive you situation where and you are not full, friend, I did not know that you can do like this, then there are chances because most of the people do not pay attention there, the population in India is so high, any good thing can be so many.  It attracts people's attention so quickly that everyone leaves, there is competition, either it becomes difficult to enter into it or the margins and money and monetary gains from it are so much.  It gets reduced because everybody is doing it, so those first five people are reducing, now they are doing 50, now it has no value, this is the trend and it will continue to happen like this in the future also, that is why I am here, I will have to learn multiple things, also while sleeping.  If the time is coming at night, you guys will judge, thank you.