Hello friends, do not watch today's video while moving, watch it peacefully, watch it with yourself because you will get to learn something about couple goals life course, this video will be a little match, a little bit of economics or middle class 9th class.  We will have some lunch, I will also tell you about the talk, I will tell you about the stocks that people are very interested in, I will also tell them about the details of buying the talk, and in the end I will tell you, stay connected, only then you will understand that today I will tell you A paste ready which explains something from real life example is a deep thing. If you ask about the system found in it, then there will definitely be a pan, but they should watch it for learning. In the buffalo water, in my beginning, I am telling that don't.  Enter the topic and if you like this concept then you can like it now. Let's start with the example. This is not imaginary, it is a real example. I have taken consultation from my friend. One is the story of two families and the other is Ashok ji.  Ramprasad ji Ashok ji, who is 55 years old, is an officer of the group, has been employed for 30 years, lives in Delhi in a good place, has 5 years of retirement, has children, his salary is 2 lakh 75 thousand, which is cut from the architects' expenses.  If you pay tax then you too would have done a lot but after deducting the tax the amount that comes into his hands is Rs 2 lakh 2 lakh 5,000. He has a mother who lives with June and is a dependent.  There are two boys, six are coming, this year's ring is preparing for the exam, the second and third test is going on, he is a UPSC subscriber, he stays at home to take part, he has completed graduation, he is preparing, he has his own housewife, his wife and these five people. He has a family of Rs 2 lakh 75 thousand, his salary is Rs 2 lakh 75 thousand, he is a very top level employee in the government, you can understand that those who have 30 years of service, have group opportunities and weapons, if they are years of age then  This one is this family, the other family is that of Ramprasad ji. Okay, now it is up to you to judge who is middle class, who is upper middle class and who is lower class. I will make a separate video on that too. Ramprasad ji's age is 50.  The age of their baby is 40 years, their elder son is twenty-six years old, younger son is 14 years old, then the boy of this year is married and the second layer girl is 24 years old, so in their family too.  There are five people, Ram Prasad ji is the foreman and in the construction work I do, he along with a big contractor handles all the man parts and also gives his expertise. The German company was started, Dmitry is a laborer, then the format of small contractor is big. Full match of the contractor, their number is approximately 45 ₹ 5000, all of them belong to the same family, live together, second is June's elder son, he drives an e-rickshaw. And his income in Gurgaon is 40 to 45 thousand rupees per month. His younger son is Flipkart Big Bang and he is a delivery boy type. He works plus does some other work in the evening. According to the commander, his total is again 35.  ₹ 4000 and the salary of the bride's daughter-in-law, the elder daughter, the one who works for cooking at home, the salary of the fire brigade and  3000 and the star performer of this house who earns the most money is Ramprasad ji's salary is Rs. 4627, her income will be more than double after my consultation, how did I do that, I will tell you what she does. Women who have given birth have a time after two-three months where people come to know and massage them. CEA does 10 massages and ladies post delivery. Subscribe After concentration, if I tell you their example, then the income of this family will be around two lakhs. I had told that the income of this family is around two lakhs. He alone is fine. If he is submitting it here, then this will also be discussed. I Yes, I have made it so that I can learn from it and you have to understand that I am not saying that you should send your wife tomorrow to learn to do massage, it is not so, many people are very ghost on that.  Stick wants that the first thing that everyone does is to have a lot of brains, you understand that India West India is edited, okay, so I tell you this thing, first of all we will say that among the lower class, this is the first thing.  Let's say there is a separate video on this and class people till date do not understand that they are lower class than Mila, there is a lot of confusion on this, if you have a property worth Rs 10 crore then you people are class, you were strong, you are upper class and  it is property only  And there is a case going on in the court regarding property and earning money, so it will be a different video in a very interesting way. I understand that till date people do not know in which class they think that they are middle class, so they feel that many people  70% of what the middle class thinks is middle class is vulgar middle class, isn't it? B is right, I will explain it with logic, there will be a different video, in today's video the couple is the advantage of lower class, which I told Ramprasad ji's family.  Tell me one incident of these and there is something to be learned from middle school advantages, then there are the advantages of middle class, I will tell them about keeping their advantages and what to do next and you understand what I am following, do n't subscribe to the YouTube channel, explain it to them so that they understand 20  In doing minute massage, it is that female teachers are also 40,000 out of 20 thousand 359, so think that Air India has because a particular  The kind of women who have done a little better course, who trained them since childhood, can earn 60-70 thousand, which this woman cannot do, she can become a heroine or sell someone's beauty products, but in our particular devil society, they do not even think about it.  All of them are ready to become a big part of the house. It has been Ashok ji 's childhood years. His shop is going to be closed in 5 years. Is there any such shop like this? As long as the body is there, their shop will continue. Okay, so this is the benefit of second cash, mother-in-law.  -Daughter-in-law's troubles Ramprasad ji has less of you, who is his wife, she earns wherever she breathes, she is very strong, wherever she breathes, Bhabhi, it would be relatively safe to send daughters there, understanding will be better, now people will crush the big belief system in this. Will bowl on other people but you will bite the butt, hold a thousand breaths, Randomly, who has been house wise, has been in good houses, never came out of the house, never did any work to them and thousand and seven  Hold on to that 1000 breaths, hold on to whatever job you do. Those who have earned money, they can do any job from the bottom to the top, if they go out of the house, then this new girl comes and my message is always women and You must have seen in all my videos of girls working, understanding of the job they do and this lady who comes mute, the house will be much better, her on insecurities will be much less.  This is a very big topic and video in itself, I have touched upon this line before but I will snatch it further and tell it clearly, so this is a very big topic, then the Edison Advantage of the family, on top of that, the havoc is the focus of Ramprasad ji's family.  Is their focus on growth? Collectorate is on some other things and on consultation, like I told them a small thing, with a little knowledge their income doubles.  So there was a lady who used to deal with a normal masseuse and used to massage us. She also got 340 with great difficulty and if she had the spirit, then she could manage maximum two or three lines correctly. Everything works on demos, so many seekers are not able to do it.  So, when I met these people in some of my acquaintances, someone requested me and said, let's talk to them a little, what can we do, it is very beneficial in consulting the family, OBC.  They were made free of cost and the advantage is that you get direct benefit that you can increase the corporation of a family by saying something, so how did I increase it? I told them that your maximum time in going from one house to another.  It goes away because you neither know how to drive a car nor do you know how to ride a bicycle. It is okay that you don't know anything about the system. So do more. If you can't explain, then I told the rickshaw puller, who was the son, that he has left this lot and sent this number. He will never.  Hood got up after reaching a little and I said whenever your mother is about to finish on the phone, you go to pick up the one ahead and drop her, so the Edison which used to travel in half an hour, now takes 3 to 4 hours.  When it started happening within five minutes, the number of science which was 1 2 1 2 minutes which was 1 2 1 2 minutes was increased to four and I set the time in such a way that it would be like the rickshaw puller's. His loss was not much, 4573 rupees, his loss was ₹ 4000. In doing all this, but Madara made him more than double, and his net was 25000 off. Then this is the woman who gives massage to her daughter-in-law from one of these houses.  Which is the best house, those who had a request, they were given one rupee, that too was given to them, that lady, for example, fifty-five thousand, she also gave the daughter-in-law's jugaad worth thirty-thirty-five thousand.  Got it done on my own, wherever she went, where her setting was good, she got ideas, where she liked it, she liked this woman, she liked this family, she liked this family, Kazi is very much your right, we will make it, we will do it that way, we will do it for this family  In India, women are earning 85 to 90 thousand rupees, which support 50% of science and commerce household. He is the sole commander in Ashok ji's house because the girl is his too and he is still running the program. I do n't know what he will do.  Do you even have a plan for the exam or not? Now these were the advantages. Now I want to talk about the disadvantages of Ashok ji. Ashok ji's kg is very much in the sense of comfort zone because there is a feeling and also of Aarti. You have reached this post after that.  What they say is that there was a consultation with them that they should buy a house of three CR because they feel that Noida 63, when I made a video on the car, you can I don't like the car, people can save food.  The question is weather your present circumstances are invited to know what is the right to three. If you have something else for your day, then people will take their savings on this and then told them that if I get it then I will get it on retirement also and their salary will be reduced from Rs 2.75.  If it is six then due to people not getting pension this pudding is to given to him whose status is folded decision also some children go towards him  The quality of boys is not there, in today's times, problems are becoming more and more ancient. Earlier, what used to happen between boys and girls was considered to be an affair of the girl due to dowry, marriage and all this.  The girl is very spendthrift, it has turned upside down these days, if you have a boy, if the boy's father is alive and does not work, then just thank you for the girl, still some people find it sexist and don't know what -  what will feel special  Okay but even today girls who are not working get married. Believe it or not, but who will marry the boys who are not working? Who will marry me? So what should that father do with that boy?  He will throw him out of the house and there will be expenses. The one who is a small one, there is also talk of making preparations for him to go out or not. Here, here is a little bit of fun. I have made a video for the country for the country, that too for this, that too is a higher one.  thinking of taking to  Dad's shoulder is my father's heart, so that one crore rupees is worth retirement, there is an option for the rest, send me 1.25 crores from the set I have made and forty fifty fifty sixty different acids are put in his PF.  Some treatment, treatment, he is in a very risky situation in this, Ashok ji, at the end of the age group, what are the benefits for him in this group, Ashok ji, your career is gone, you have delayed your marriage, children should be delayed now, their age.  From this group of children of childhood years, I have been there for 5 years and there they have also got their children married, so what is the learning, now I will come about them, before that I will tell you that this is such a difficult situation for us too.  No, I am from the floor class of the ignorant class, which is the Ghaghra blast of Ramprasad ji. How are people in the lower class, they earn a lot of money, so it is not sustainable. They have the habit of eating gutkha and khaini. The paint gets spoiled. Pension literacy is not there, children who are small are wrong, we can include in this, mother-in-law and daughter-in-law may have troubles and physical health, cancer and learning. It is not that in these pictures, Kullu and class are in India right now in the middle class bunks.  It will go further but what is not happening subtle difference audience to understand and then this level of this class no increase in Delhi will also get into that I also made them ₹ 50  By starting the recipe, the man started pouring all the money into the mutual fund, got these people adopted in affordable, they too got two out of five and this is the earnings of the family, two can be affordable in 25 months of caring for this entire family.  The money has to be paid in 36 months in an affordable although you were suggested to take the loan after taking the benefit of interest subsidy directly qualify for Tenth  He is doing mix and match and is very happy because now he was reading this in Bachi Colony Kacharis, date was not very nice, asking for cash, so I want to tell the audience that the lower class and their express  The middle class is growing to wake up and our journey of 3.5 billion dollars is about to start, this program is going to be heavily subscribed for the first four-five years.  If it happens, it will be very visible. Whose will it be? Now you will feel that this will happen if I consider myself a teacher in a government school or a principal in a government school and there are children in the school, out of them the number of 10-20 children comes, subscribe and make the maximum 98100.  And the rest are maximum people, they fail on holidays, the record of the school is bad, so if I speak about the school principals, the government is ours.  He is our Prime Minister, what will he do, will he focus on the 75 people and the 70 people so that this one becomes the topper or he will put a little effort, some F-18 has to be put, so he has to put a little burst on this one, to make it 45 and then he can record.  Handle line will come to school, Holland's biggest airline will come, Hundred percent pass result, one fielder, cricket news, here it means, 20 out of 100 used to come, 70 would cost five cents.  Were or something else 75 were on the verge of feeling taught them and if all of them pass then it will be used then comment is working in the direction country is the movie direction Now I am going to tell you that if you have measured this then it is very good, how Shubhendu from this  How can you play the game and what are your advantages today, which if you do not utilize them, then I will not race this race but this has to be a journey of wealth creation.  Trillion dollars will come from above, how much will be your share in it, if you have not done your work on someone who is already your friend, what rank you are, whether you can take a loan, still their income is not so clean as per the pay slip.  Because the salary is going to the account, it is going to the account of sustainability, because if that masseur breaks his leg, then there is nothing to be done for two months, if he is fine, then he is not there, you have him, you have him.  So you will have to leverage, you will have to get access. You can wait for action. HD business details will become worth Rs 1000 in 18 months. If 18 months ago the test was worth Rs 100 in the world, now it has become Rs 240 in the whole world. Money is the only thing worth so much.  This money is increasing, neither are people happy in it, it is temporary, everything will catch drips, make incense washer's rate, he is the one who presses it.  Everything will increase on the same lines. We will discuss about the rice they have and how to earn money from their rice. If it is ok to discuss the stock market then in the discussion of stock market, India is going towards that direction from consumer discretionary to very stock. Those who did not use oil earlier, used to apply oil on the server, beauty questions, the soap used was not good, that detailed, when these people will earn money like what I am telling, then this day they will think. Whatever white goods you have, it is okay, it is from your washing machine, your fridge is even, it is even, your coolers, the sales of all these are going to be very high, according to the next 10 years, many people have told me Tulsidas Talk.  Tell me this, don't take it, things are there, never make anyone rich from these things, you can not invest on word ideas, it is okay and come to a full meeting, no one tells you this for free anyway, you also know this thing, if you YouTube  But when we come and think that just who told this and I have taken that your long run torch light hearted like class you have to say that now hormone Ashraf you should release this very less in country homes there is still very less democracy in ownership No, as of now, he is lying vacant. If the man you took on the Yamuna Expressway in Greater Noida has not settled down, that kind of eco system is not there yet, then he will be abused as well.  It will be there once upon a time, there was some black money typing, money was deposited, but where are the jobs, where are the ownership, you will have to take this four table housing in Gurgaon, which earlier used to come with difficulty and could hardly sit quietly, now it is 65 times more subscription.  He is also coming with a poor builder, the one who is running recently is also coming with a poor builder, whom as soon as you Google, you come to know that there is a lot of trouble in this matter, that too, subscribe both the times.  We also have a choice, its waiting list will be made at 20 cents, even after that, 80 percent people will not get it, that if 1213 lighter 25 people applied, then the waiting list will be made up to fifteen hundred, there will be no meeting time of 300 like other countries.  If we get it on 1213, then thousands of people will still not get it. Such is the situation going on. The builder is also not great, so when good winners go, will good location come or something else?  If this boat of tow release comes, this demand will come from below also and you middle class, you have to see your per capita income, you do not have to see that the head of the family is retiring on a very good post, then your great work. You have to see what the next generation is doing. I want to say that if you people feel scared then it is fine but if there is no breakup of the middle class and Shobha ji is busy with her job title and Stuck in the same and did not pay attention to Bhaiya that if the children want to earn money by covering anything then you will release this page and get it will collapse. Lot of value erosion and wealth Roshan pick up happens only in Sid, otherwise it would come down.  Have you will have to relieve that tender will also have to bat in the team in which number 80 roll number 90 make ten-fifteen-twenty then your test will be like Shakti was required for an inning in the match and that is 70-80 colors when Meghnad comes out. Similarly, if you are on a good post and your coat does not work, you get leave at the age of 45, get them to work, you are fine if she is also a teacher.  Okay, I am anti-chairman, definitely tell him, I am not going to go down to the level and say this, but if you are bringing even Rs 40,500, she is pure gold. If your wife is bringing Rs 42,000, she is a fan.  He teaches in a school and is earning Rs 35000. He is earning Rs 4524. However, all of it is in Hundred Percent SIP Mutual Fund in his name. Tell me, brother, all of yours used to do this and this job, this name is from my side, 1520 is mine, that is your salary, it will be linked to Between East.  Also, when you do this on a sustainable basis, you will see a lot of difference in 10, 15, 20 years, but that income will be maintained because In many families, where the husband's salary is Rs 2.5 lakh, ours is Rs 3.25 lakh, the wife's Rs 3540 45,000, the fan is considered even smaller, he is told to leave it, friend, don't work, I hope I was able to give you a message in this that you  Reliance is that you are not that comfortable you people and middle class of not comfortable 100 This is the main take away you will have to  Date and children will have to be set early, one day they will send you should be making money, they are doing settlement job, you are doing government job, government job and your solution is government job for child, so I feel this is because of the hinge sticker. You got 35 years of time and now you could not do anything, you bought that car of yours, parked it, now you are struggling to be very careful what you all subscribed to see people in the fatwa.  You like it and please comment How much you agree Home Sugar Don't agree Stock Market Related Real Estate Taking Delivery of Taking Launde Mandatory SDM Questions All the Can Now Just Got Wind of India at a Point to Invest in a Particular Way Weight  You Should We Do You Will Find Yourself and People Will Be Different This is who I am and all this  People are the only people who are progressing in the country, can they stop their progress, God forbids progress, more prosperity must be done and it will happen, the government is also commenting, be happy, so at least something is happening, so no one is questioning what is happening.  Those who are sitting above, we know everything, they are running it, they do n't need coaching, those who are sitting here, you can't even see it, this should go on my screen, this one is sitting, okay, you guys are here, you don't have to tell anyone.  I need that brother  The gap that is happening, you will have to work very hard to maintain it even this much because the child who goes to 3540 can pot it at sixty after studying hard, the one who goes to 80 finds a lot of pressure to go to ninety-five. I hope you can relate. With all the examples you will tell how you felt. Thank you are a