Hello friends, new phenomenon is happening in private school, it is a very very new thing, you know that yes, it is bringing those things which are not yet data, bringing the trends which have not been noticed yet, now I will make this, so you Copy paste of this video will also be made but you will understand what I am going to tell you in the beginning, what is happening in private schools, recruitment of male teachers is being done very less in private schools. More work is being done to female teachers. Whatever teachers are from the community, write below and what is the implication of this, why is it being done or what is the thought process inside, I am going to make you understand it, you all should understand carefully, parents.  And teachers and you should be parents. Okay, so this will do 90% of my audience. Other vices, if there is no direct effect at all, then there is definitely an interesting special point of discussion which you can share in your friend circle.  You can share this topic in the relationship circle, girls, ladies, women, if the teachers are divided, then it is not their first preference, if they did not try anything, then they did it, got married, what is the problem, 100% teachers are not talking to everyone, private school.  I am talking about the mushrooms which are everywhere, pearl fees, you check yourself, your child's Hindi teacher will be changed twice in the second class, in the third class, the math teacher will be changed thrice.  The English class teacher is changing because she is going to get married and this has kept them in good taste again and again, they take the rock, sometimes they give the tanka, ₹ 200, sign ₹ 200, then take it back, all these tents and here.  Ladies can be tweeted like this, men cannot be tweeted like this, they know it, they know it, ladies who come, many times they think that my husband has the income and I am running the house, I am wearing a saree suit.  The one wearing a saree will get my personality, it will become my personality, it will feel pain, success will be commented, I am telling the truth, many teachers are teaching, women teachers do not take teaching as a serious profession, teaching is good for them, I am not commenting on that, I am street, note it in  Terms of any kind of harassment but in terms of that the person who thinks in mother that he has such status, then he can be tweeted like that, definitely not mail to teachers.  Apart from salary, they also need quality of life. In these terms, they should be able to go out and give tuition. They should get time. Today, so many teachers have been started in schools that the female teachers and lady teachers have been given so much responsibility. Apart from the class, you are extra crunchy.  Activities Singing Personality Development Any Competition Debate Making your project Alam Balam everything and parents can also do parent teacher meeting tomorrow on WhatsApp group Many a times this will happen to the teachers and there will be peace inside. If the teacher's salary increases then the fees will also increase. That's why I am paying the platform. Money is working for everyone. School fees have become so high that middle class notes and what kind of thing is this?  No one complains, the builder did something wrong in the house, you will cry for the world, the story will also be taxed by the government, cry every day the road has become bad, cry that people have to increase the child's fee and make them wear it, father and mother, parents feel that  Man, we have become so poor that our children are unfortunately given quality and best education. There is no quality and best education in this country because of its syllabus only. This is faulty and whole education system is actually rotten. Be it government or private, this is a fact for you.  It seems that if he goes to a good school, he will get a good bench, he will get a good bench, he will get a clean bathroom, now Kejriwal ji is talking about schools.  If Kayakalp is done then there is no doubt that the education here will improve. The government teacher who is great should be good and should keep studying for employment. There is no shortage of studies in any government. Only poor people are forced to send them to middle school.  She doesn't send me the class. It was a video about tax. It was about the Statue of Liberty or something. Otherwise the government would have sold it. Make good government. How many government schools should the middle class language make?  Our children because they can never be so good, no matter how many hospitals the government has, it can never be that good in India, it is the reality of numbers and money, you cannot do this in the next 15 years in the world, as many as you are watching my video.  If your child is in school, he will be expelled from school in 8-10 years. Even if he is in second or third class, this education system is not going to change. D think what you have, brother of school, you are a teacher.  Why are you changing again and again, here you have to be demanding, lady teachers can be pressurized so much that brother, make this diary in the evening, make this presentation, there are activities on WhatsApp tomorrow, which means by giving teacher's salary to one teacher, two and a half teachers were reduced.  I am going to tell you about her figure and that lady has also come wearing her saree and sandals. Her feet are like this because even though she is a lady. You have to stand on your own the whole day, I have got all kinds of consultations, Madam, what should you wear, what should you wear, now you are a teacher, you have to stand the whole day, then actually you should wear high quality Bharat shoes so that your  The feet may not be like this, but you see, the teachers' own people go, what do I have to do, I don't have any teacher, you are teaching your child, she is in pain, she will only give pain, there is no focus on studies, how can I concentrate?  What will happen if someone has a pain in his back and he has to go to 10 classes, they don't give a single tree for free, nowadays teachers used to have two periods, in three periods, someone will prepare something, someone will check the copy, make someone else's paper, they will do something, they will all do less.  Here at home, because what is that, inside the school, mother, there are 12 classes, each has 8-10 sections, there are 100 classes, so teachers do not keep friends, then they reduce it by  There are 112 teachers, eight are on leave, 104 are there, so there is a need for a teacher in every class during periods, at any time, if you have less than that number, you put your child in that brother, how many teachers are there students, how many classes are there, how much actual is the focus on studies, focus on studies. Instead of focusing on personality building, the middle class which was developed in their childhood, not exporting the disbating skills and the debt they feel, will become a big personality here in the school. Kakhni is being made, Kakhni is being made, I am telling this sir's head, English and something, in my communication courses, in the workshops without me, I actually tell that from where communication has to improve, I made a child stand in the school and removed something from him. Communication has to increase a little, otherwise she will have personality, she will have public speaking, this is a wrong phenophena of the head and by giving more importance to lady teachers because calling them lady teachers opens up more money.  A man understands in a minute where he will not be paid, he has to be brought up at home, lady teacher is a rakhi, one is 80, you are 90% and note is non-serious, give them gifts to your brother's children, sister's children, land, land, lipstick, nail polish. Giving a little gift to parents, second income, telling my self-esteem and my husband that I am also a committee, this is a matter of great pain, many people will petrol on me, but I am showing the mirror to the society that career  They are not taking their profession seriously. When teachers like this get flooded then they are students and they will also be confused in life because if there is someone in the teachers' school who teaches the children to wish for money, then the children were not getting the message of the story of our India. Then you will have to repeat the same 12 years again, Bajirao, what are you saying, teachers have not studied well, Shakti, female teacher is not good, mine was Mrs. Barjan, yes, she is Mrs. Briganza type.  Which you once thought would be good, the one which used to type very hard, but is on Apple B and has respect, it is not there, now the teacher is not a fox, it is not there, you have never taught social science, you have sometimes taught English, give respect to your math and science of big classes.  Below, everything is changing, today she has gone, you go and do two classes, you do two classes, sorry, the word but is different from you, there is less talk in Mads and it also happens that it is a caste, it is a caste that has been going on for a month. goes a little less Teachers are being harassed and their rates are extremely high. I am getting a lot of complaints from some schools. What used to happen earlier. If you remember your time, the one who is listening to me now is the parents. You are the first 12th teacher.  Do you know whether she was your physics teacher or someone doing chemistry? There is no stability because if a teacher teaches one subject again and again, there will be continuity in the subject in the school.  If there is continuity and everything remains then his level of knowledge will increase. This tire is changed, that one is done, that one is changed, this one is changed, this one is done, from here someone will keep giving you education, you will feel that the money is being recovered from me.  Parents will feel that yes, a lot of fees are being paid, I don't know what all I do, the child is getting toll from it, he is being given so much homework to do, if he doesn't do it then there is pressure on the parents, projects are being given to him. parents have to do  Brother, there is such a fee of Rs 15-15 thousand per month, after doing there, if you have to reduce such a period then what is the benefit if you study at home in Patna, this think bill also start in future, I have written one of this.  Had also given a hint that in home schooling, people think that my child's social skills are not good, it is not his social skills, some children are not interacting in the school, some such social type is not happening, he is sitting on the bench like this.  After coming and getting engaged, it is being said that you are getting social skills or not and if every day 10 children and 10 parents of the sixth class started scolding them that I am giving ideas to women which  She is a housewife but she is also a teacher and she was also a teacher. Then you will be a housewife. You should open your own mini school or do social work. Everyone should sit there and give English. You will tell interesting things if you want to educate your child.  By saving the fee of Rs 15000, 15 years in 15% because from nursery to 12th, it is 15 years. If we put it in 15% then brothers and sisters, it will be one crore rupees which you can give to your child even after 12th. Son and daughter, we have given you such sexy schools.  I am not in it but crores of rupees are yours and you got the education done, you got the home schooling done, got all the tents done, everything is because this is to happen in the future, the school should keep doing things the way it wants.  The school is going to collapse and it should too because their fees have been reduced for a few days, their everything has never reduced, the number of female teachers is increasing in the school, please monitor it at this time, I know that trolleys will come on me again and again. But still I am telling de seriousness this note especially when you find 10th 11 12th class this is also maximum female teacher I am girls women  There is no doubt about the capability of one Patna and skill set. Women are also flying fighter planes. There is no doubt and this is what happens or doesn't happen. Tell me and less is done more. It is very easy to exploit women by sticking a lorry to them.  Politics also goes on in the school, as much as the politics of ladies goes on in the school. For the gents, gents' foxes pay money, but I have to go and increase the tuition of the lady, she has no one, so I became the head there, today.  There, mother 's story became his, his mother's story became his, his mother's story became his, what is that to him, I have seen that I visit the school, the top management sometimes says, go and give a report, I am telling such consultations, it is fine that the schools are listening but on the ask.  This consultation is a very good fee, but I can tell you what is going on in your school. Within two rounds, I get to know from the wife that male teachers study better. I am missing teaching.  If the same teacher is a professional, if he is an officer in the government, then is his teacher not getting that respect and seriousness in his home, which he himself is not able to give, when the husband is giving seriousness, along with him, the society is giving seriousness.  So she says yes, I am doing something which is D, I have written it by D, I have written that early in the morning, just go to our school, so that you can study, at 2:00 o'clock.  With the help of doing the same thing, she is working as a teacher today, you are equivalent to other jobs also, but it is in her timings that it becomes such that she grinds in the morning, grinds even further in the afternoon and then she has to grind in the evening also because she will also prepare lunch.  She will come like this also because if she comes early then she will have to do what is missing if she is a woman working from 9 to 5. So she will show her face to S at 6:00 at 7:00.  Teacher is mine in every way, I have to see many teachers, you talk about increasing your talent, school fees are very high, you talk about tuitions, talk about social media, how to do it, I am telling the teachers in my comment area, I am a  Without doing a workshop, by downloading it on my app, You Can See Date, You Can Also Purchase Date and See Date, in 2 1/2 hours, I have explained how you can take all these things forward for yourself and such parents.  Who is the consumer? Do you do child and care in school? Will the teachers be so nice these days? Even the child does not complain. No one complains. Yes son, teachers cheat in the exams so that the child gets higher marks. Before the exam, important questions will be told to the children and they will be worthless.  If the child did not give internet even then, he will be given some help at the time of paper. If the unworthy child did not take that much even then, if he wrote something, then his paper also has to be checked by the teacher. All three.  There is corruption in the place, your child goes to the parent teacher meeting, everyone smiles and comes back, everyone's gap is so high, everyone's gap is so high, everyone's number is high, everybody is good, this is good, if someone means such a system, then that system goes.  When the competition hits for the first time, such children are handed over to the schools where there are fees, then brother, they can't do much there. Your child is very worthless. If you can't speak, the child is very worthless.  He is happy because that too is bright type, yes, do whatever you have to do, the system has become zero, which means that the number is 93%, you cannot say it, then the child is intelligent, today you cannot say it, even the one with 93 is just like that.  The bridge will look good to you, your parents are also alive, you are in this situation, please question the school management, please, if you are getting this much fees, then how much is the teacher's salary, brother, are parents not interested in this?  Teacher's salary because the higher the salary of the teacher, the level of the teacher and his ability to study is a comment, it was a joke of Haryana, say that not only children will be taught, they will not be trained, okay, sometimes such a system is also used that  Also teachers are like ki bhai chaal maj rahi hai why should I apply jaan nikalta hai I am also someone who likes Guru Tatvay also teaches only but not in this school setting I know that  If you have to give actual knowledge to someone, have to earn money, have to learn, then it takes so much effort, but people like me, we have made the platform our own, we are not dependent on any school, so we are getting direct exchange.  So in Direct, the teacher's stomach is also in India, relief is that only I am getting the fees, so it feels strong, without money, it does not feel strong, no matter how much knowledge you are sitting with, so every one in this video and note question, dear, basically conditioning of female.  Teachers, Haj without charity, your job for the society is not important, you are doing the job by the way, you have to do all the rest, now try to complete those things at home, then this was the message that if our teachers will come to school with this feeling.  I don't know if children ever become entrepreneurs or for some time in life, they don't know that their teachers should be trained about money psychology of money, bill de oil.  People, etc., myself, etc., I have even told myself that I have innocently witnessed the classes, like when I go to check on the teacher, I have to tell the teacher, you will tell the children, what do you want, so I have  Witness second third class mein jaise girl hoon stance up aur se main i want you be a teacher because sahi it likes aur imd wid de teacher sahi likes de teacher sahi is a girl de teacher  lux very nice and right it her that much teacher herself though son teacher nahi banna types kar jo aapke usne butter banna hai teacher banna fifth class 10th class and maybe 15 air old your daughter and something niwas kar kya banna hai ncc teacher tell me what bill you  A profession which does not want to be made and which does not want to be made is a status and why is it there, UGC rate should be imposed, not money.  Dog will come like this, now he is a cook of ₹ 10000, a cook of ₹ 15000, a chef of ₹ 25000, a lakh of 500000, so the sir status is defined by this, brother, do not give money to teachers, money cannot be used for anything because parents give it to the school.  I am giving the same hint to the parents also that money has to go. All types of teachers are available in the market. Can we just enroll in such government schools where he can go or not?  And their exams and studies should be done with good teachers. Send any story you want. Send that story to the school which can be the best possible for you and your wife's personality. Only he can go till that point. 19 out of 19 can be 19, not 20.  If possible, don't do too much on this. If you want to improve the personality of your child, then take Rs. 15,000 from the school which is on your personality, no doubt source. Improve your personality, it will not make your child dizzy. Today your child is turning into a tree. Sometimes you have to come on the stage. Give an animal from morning to evening. Your child will have a dead second stage appearance. You will open your mouth in it. You are sitting there, you gave Rs. 3000 for her dress, then you went and made her practice, then you are taking her photo, when did she come on the stage, when did she leave even after missing, because all the children have to participate, so every child has to come on the stage. Now every child has to come on the stage, I do n't know how many programs have been done, your back is broken, the child has gone early in the morning, he doesn't know the day, the school people gave him a fruit and a packet of biscuits and within 6 hours, poor guy.  It is known that inside the schools, I have already told the management that the parents like it, you will get the same, do not tell the school people when I go to speak and tell them what I am telling us practically, all these things do not happen.  Parents change happens because lower middle class were poor parents, somehow they became middle class, now they do not know about life. Those who are rich from family, 19 know everything what to do in life, what should happen and what is important is that they have seen money but those who have not. See, they saw that friend, we have become like this after studying in so many schools, so we will educate our children in these schools and extrapolate because if these people become this, then these people will become this and so and so. Now these people of yours have reached here by threatening and crippling, but those who did not reach here after studying in these schools, reaching here is a big deal. This message has given you some thought about saving money and calling the shot. This management would have made it like this right now.  I am in the video, my consultation is not good, I am kicking you in the stomach, my school people will get angry, the school people also have to be trained, don't do it like this, do it like that, show me even though I am unconscious.  Not saying anything till now, only the genuine thing which will be there in practical, the school will do well in future, but these tents are running in jeans schools, those schools are being devalued too much, the reason behind those schools was crazy, my child will reach here.  So I do n't know whether there will be an arrow in the pumpkin, small lions are going to schools of big brands, whose schools are the best in Delhi, where till date I don't understand that if you are a daily public school type, something like this in Delhi.  If you are the best then you have gone to Siliguri for the open kill cat match, that is, the admission is happening as if I do n't know what will become of the child, if he enters inside then I don't know what will come out from here, they have made it into such a brand, however, this is Called marketing, this is it, it is happening everywhere. It is important for the patient to know that he has quality education, otherwise do not teach him too much. It is available for free on YouTube. I am telling you that very good knowledge is available for free on YouTube, but in that  You have to work hard, you have heard, you have to make notes, you have to include me in the channel. If you want to have clarity, then you will listen to it like a satsang, you will leave after commenting, and you will not note down and implement anything that has been told, you will discuss it with someone.  otherwise it won't do any good