Hello friends, this is a very important topic, please share and understand. I have received a lot of queries on this in my consultation, i.e. this foreign country, which is smooth, is called developed country, foreign settlement and middle class children. Middle class children should tell their parents.  If your uncle's child is gone, then mine should also go. My uncle's cousin is gone, I have to go out, there has to be a discussion about it, it may be your child too.  I am saying this or your child is thinking or you are thinking that this can happen, then on this you have to keep things rational for me, please watch it further and decide whether you should go or not, this will be discussed, okay, very good video.  The original content is a lot of fun. Big YouTubers are copying it and getting so many million views. But by going to their channel, perhaps my subscribers are writing to me as well that you are sucking this content, that is.  Come, awareness is coming, date is important so let's discuss it, no one is discussing it, it should be discussed in our country, everyone should consume all the content on YouTube, no issues are being discussed, brother, when your child comes to you and says  That I don't feel like coming abroad to my home because when I go there, what do you say? Yes son, go, how much money do you need, where to go, what to do, what to do with such a parent, what to do with such a child who is listening to me carefully, mostly what is this?  No happening is lower class of India is coming you big tons and replacing de earth vile middle class jobs and middle class children are not knowing what is you be daan and brother in law voting you escape outside no bahar jakar de want you become de lower class  Off date country and look becoming lower class off date country actually give butter becoming middle class off adult pink country money vijay and d  Facility wise, although asked about broom, utensil will have to be done there, but what is the problem in that, what is the biggest problem that the cutter is not done, this is only one point which I am going to tell, the rest is ₹ 50000, discuss it, there is corruption in India, there is pollution in India. This date is not outside, I will not argue about 10th 12th level on this Jubin night, I have already told that, I will tell further, I want to tell that thing. What is that thing which has not been discussed yet, listen carefully. If you are going to a foreign country, you have heard from some IIT here, very strong coding, very strong software, very strong level of research, it should be clear to you that it is not so.  That by going there you lost half a million dollars and have worked for 4000 years, by doing something like this you will be different from the 50000 type, there is less fat on the story than that, okay now they say that there  The taxi driver is also late, this much lotus is so much, so much work, you will stay at this level, so if you are going to this level, then why should you not go, I am telling you, you are from there, no, you have gone there as per your wish.  What is that money, the child has been working, has been giving, but brother, when you live like this as a bachelor in a foreign country, all the parents have heard this thing carefully, when you are a child, it is expensive, Google it and check there.  But there is a lot of expense in living well with the family. I have taken this camera, I have taken half the camera, I have shared it, I have done that, it is not so difficult to survive, but not with good manners, my wife will also come, she will also reduce how much less.  He is marrying an Indian wife, he is marrying a foreigner, how much do you think he has the capacity to reduce, is that the kind of girls who are ready to settle down with you there when they ask you that you might have seen before. In Punjab in 1980, if ever there was a slight venous failure, then there were a lot of frauds. NRIs, NRIs, Mundas, Mundas used to give dowry for the Dhaba. Harassment of the first Dhaba, imprisoned the girl, treated her like a maid, now you have misused her a lot in the story.  If it is sunny then that girl is very careful these days, she does n't raise her mouth and shut it, she must be doing something. Surely some brother, you have a enforcers TCS type job.  It is not necessary that the company is standing for you, every lake is an apartment, it is your head, there is a system, there is a salary, there is support from India, there is support from outside, he is not asking for that, there is a little video for him, you should go, this video is for him. Couldn't do anything in India. If you ca n't do anything in India, then you are actually not that capable of a person. Understand this and if you want to do something like this in lower class, then you can do it in India. If people do this then focus on purchasing.  i bill do  But in India date is what is it I'm trying but in India I am ashamed to do it because if you do it outside then you have to spend money outside, medical facilities are more like this, if you drive a truck in India then drive like this in India. Do it in India, take out your own truck, take a loan, drive it yourself, the big money will go back, then convert one into two, convert two into another, but in India, the middle class is ashamed of doing all this, the lower class, have no shame and  Here's everything  She is replacing me, so don't send your children and parents face to face so quickly. Once a boy is gone, a girl is gone, if something is gone, she will not come back. She was at hand, found far away. You speak like that, out of the side, automatic.  Then how will you survive your old age, I have seen people celebrating their children in the foreign sector, there is nothing to celebrate in astrology, I tell you, it has been cursed, God bless, I belong to someone.  No go no but now there is nothing here otherwise friend everything is here in this country also if you check the weather we have in our 4 5 6 type of weather our taxes are like those of the British if you check then everything is here But I am ashamed of the fact that they do less and there it did not happen, the only difference is that we have tried it here, you have to do what there, you have to do it and the rest has to be done less, just imagine, in the country also you get 24 hours. In this country also 24  It is not that if you go there, the day is 48 hours there and here it is 24 hours, so there it is 24 hours here too, here you are asked not to broom in India, talk about the middle class, asked about broom, not to do utensils. Not doing the basic thing, India is a country where if you do it yesterday, someone will come to your house to give you toothpaste and toothbrush. You will get a promise that if you order pav, pakodas will be made, he will come to your house to give you it. That much is not there in England, the coast river is so big, it is said that peas will be cooked with semolina, it is coming to deliver home so many braids, no one is there, I all go and do my shopping, in India, so much time can be taken back because there is labor there.  So, you have to do all the work yourself, even after that you have to earn money by doing less, there is no time, where can you find it, calculate it yourself and think how many hours you slept within 24 hours.  hours How many hours did you sleep there? Here you sleep, how many hours did you sleep there? If you don't do it here then how much time will be saved and on purchasing, ₹ 100 of Paritri India means I, their ₹ 250 means ₹ 250 of India and ₹ 100 of Sorry India is theirs.  It is equal to 2.50 rupees, so if you earn 250 rupees equivalent in India, then whatever is flowing in it will become fat in 100 rupees of India. It is okay to fatten inside and in many things.  So we have more expenses, like children's education is not very cheap in India but it is very expensive there and health care is limited till your 25, 27, 28, 30 years, there it is four-five-six years after that.  After whether we are from here or from there, then the girl who comes will marry whom? NI Rai Return Working in India is what is their experience there, this is how you will do it here, on the hourly basis, got a dollar here and there.  Got the dollar, got that, got any profiling, is your set otherwise take a this think, don't raise your mouth like this D message, if you are going to escape to India then you are a capable person, you have a lot of knowledge and there is a lot of knowledge in India too.  If you are doing good, then it is not like that people are not doing anything in India or they are not able to understand, then if they are running like this, then there is no escape there too. This D message is as secret as you are, people who are doing good, please less.  and a lot of my time Audience, please write in the comment section what do you have to say on this, brother, when there is no wealth, there is a good profile, there is a good system, then one should come with the mouth raised like this, it is very good, it will also work, brother, the air is good.  It is just that it will be less than that. Please comment. Those who are NRIs, we can do our crowd sourcing on information below so that the rest of my subscribers will also go later and post the video in the beginning.  Later the comments will come gradually so you can go and read the comments and say yes, this thing is being said right, it is being done right because I am having consultation with people from outside also, stay away from such people who do this.  Had gone out and now there is nothing, neither can come here nor can stay there and there is no man and no life ahead, meaning what was there after studying here, I was not able to get a job after studying, I went there, I was not earning money, I was going to earn money there.  But the next thing, marriage, is not happening.  It's a boy or a girl, people, after doing all this, what will you do in 5 years and then at 35, there is a problem.