It is a very interesting and interesting topic, the biggest fear of the parents. I will tell you what is the biggest fear of the parents these days and what should be the biggest fear in reality, I will also tell you, whatever fear you have, tell me, whatever is normal, I am going to tell, okay.  What can be a bigger fear than that and what can be a bigger pain than that and after knowing both the things, if you want to make a change in the behaviour, then this video is for the youngsters so that first of all they should understand the thing and help the parents.  If you forward it to your parents later, I will know that your butt will be whipped. Victory is ahead of fear. Put it on the group. Look at it with hatred. It is okay to write a message below and if you dislike it, do so and say, we absolutely do not do this as per Guruji's advice.  I do n't know why they talk like this, okay, this can be done and sent away, rest they will see. What is the biggest fear of the parents these days, that after a stage, the children, who are not ours, will run away with our property, okay?  That one Gautam  Singhni or Remant wala and his son, that example is given a lot. If you want a very good video of that example, then I will tell you and I will make it on that too because I will have to give it because in that, relationships are evolved, family is evolved, real estate is evolved.  Money is developed and I am a master of all these things, a very strong person and above a PhD scholar, okay, a video will be made if you want it.  If there are any then please write down the balance, I will make it clear to them as well, but today I will tell you that this is the fear of the parents and these videos circulate the message that our children will run away with our property, they are with us for the money, they have someone better than us.  There is no relationship, they are for us for money, they will take our money from us or they are only interested in money or the son and daughter-in-law are only interested in this, the daughter is only like this, a daughter is a son, these are the things that a son-in-law is.  She is the daughter-in-law, this is what happens, okay, so this is a big fear for the parents or not? First of all, tell me that yes, this happens in the beginning, at the time of marriage, that she is the daughter-in-law, will she separate my son from the house?  Will destroy, those are also fears but I am telling about the fears which are more mature and become constant, then there should be fear of property but what should be a bigger fear than this due to which parents can declare themselves more losers.  And this is happening in my eyes  There are some other things, these parents should not take their children towards this because this can also happen, that is the fear, when the children say that they do not want your property, they do not want your money or they themselves become so rich that whatever you own  Money is such that it becomes irrelevant in front of them, then that because many parents these days look at the dark side of things like the color of the jacket I am wearing today, okay this doctor is wearing this thing because the other one is also more or less different.  Many times the big Vaastu and Astrology penetrate  It takes a lot to create all these things, but never lose what I am trying to say, that I see myself taking myself to the dark side. No one in the society is talking about this, but there is pain and I am not able to dream.  I am one of the top consultants, I am a doctor of troubles in family, troubles in family, troubles in marriage because I understand 360 degree perspective of all things and this phenomenon. I understand why if  Parents have leverage because they have assets. Parents have got inheritance from grandparents and if you younger youngsters of the previous generation have not got it then they are also sitting on that money, they are sitting on what they have earned and since they are old, they are assets.  After holding it for many years, their value has become very high, then when power dynamics come into a relationship, they feel that only with this power they can attract the next generation and remain relevant.  You can even be blackmailed in front of them, if you don't listen to us then do this because if you have an asset of Rs 40,000 or even Rs 5,000 lakh, then it will be equal to your salary of 500 months.  There are 12 months in a year, so its earnings are 42 years, even at lakhs of rupees, these people are sitting on the same asset, so you understand how relevant this is today. Then its earnings because this 1 lakh is not savings. 1 lakh is earning, there will be tax on it, there will also be expenses, savings will be like 25, 30,000, 50,000, savings have also been put in. No one can save more than Rs. 50,000, so 50,000 can also be saved. Even if you take it, you can see that parents are sitting anywhere with assets equal to 80 years of savings. Where there is even a small plot and you know what the rates are, gold plot flat or any asset class and inheritance assets then it is a fear but if you are torturing someone so much. And he did this by torturing me because there are many children, no one is talking about asset re-structure, no one is talking and saying that you take care of yours, you take care of yours, someday he said, friend, you take care of yours, don't take me. give your property  Because one day you too will grow so old that you will not be able to handle things as well and you will go beyond power dynamics. You will need children through the birth canal. There comes a time when parents say, we need you, you are our work.  They are not coming and there comes a stage when there is actual need, there is a great need, that stage comes much later, this should be the biggest fear in life, I am telling you whether your children leave immediately or yourself.  They became so rich or you tortured them so much that they learned to live without you, learned to walk, learned to earn money and they felt that it is okay, they will give this money to some cow shelter, donate it somewhere, give it to an NGO.  If I give it somewhere else, it will be fine for me, no more signing nonsense, this happens when it is too much because even such foolish children do not give up, because brother, everyone likes money, everyone likes property, but sometimes man becomes so tortured.  It is said that he says to whom it is called hell with you, one should not say this in relationships but I am speaking as an example, this is what is happening, this pain is coming to me, I am seeing such cases almost every day. Coming to this, I could not even make a single case study on this because the forms are very different, the story of exactly one house is not the same in all the houses, but these are many issues, so the parents  The reason is that if the day your children say that you should not do it, then you will not be able to sell it because you don't even have that much strength that you don't even know how many years have passed because till now you have been doing this.  We were living on the purpose that they want this and brother, we have done so much, your existence can be shaken, your roots can come out of the tree, the belief system can crash, you will feel that no, no, we never gave such an answer to you.  only then to the parents  We got everything as per our wish, the inheritance which became 50 times 100 times, the worth of two, three, three, 55 lakh plots, these plots were taken out in 1980 in DLF Phase One, DLF had taken out 00 yards, 200, 300, 400 yards, now.  Here, those worth ₹ lakh have gone, see where the rates have gone from. In other cities too, even in small towns, you know from where the rates have gone.  In a small city like Rohtak, lakhs of rupees have gone into the yard where many years ago it was priced at Rs 2000 4000 5000. In the last 15 years, it means the rates of property there have gone up 25 times. So you have to understand and what has been earned.  Parents don't have money, it was not your intelligence that you are after the next generation, you didn't work hard enough somewhere that those assets became so expensive. They just happened because you held on. Yes, you were so intelligent that you didn't sell them and eat them. Because if you were so worthless, you would have sold them and eaten them. If they didn't grow, they were so many. Were you a teacher in a government school or were you in some government job somewhere?  Were they any officers or were they living their lives normally? Okay, I am just telling this to everyone, if it is okay then it is okay, you have done good work but you have not done so great yet that you should mortgage it to the next generation because if they throw it away.  hit the answer that  Bhaiya ji thank you but no thank you, do me a favor, don't do me any favor and the child killed the dialogue of Salman Khan, this is the biggest danger, the biggest fear and this fear should be there in every parent, never to reach that. Stage, this should be the biggest fear. Your child will take your property and go away. If you kill then it is a very good thing friend because if your child does not do it then someone else will take the property and go away. I have to tell parents.  Counsel parents because they are sitting with a lot of angst. Many parents also come to the parent consultation. They are sitting with angst about the future of their next generation. We will leave so much for them and this Bhai Saheb Guruji does not do it like this and this is what I said.  You will not leave me, no, no, I will leave you, I will say that you will be left, you will be left, be it a mirror or a heart, in the end it breaks, be it property or money, it will be left in the end, this is the original, not the first one, the second one is fine.  Why are you making the virtue of necessity left out? If brothers and sisters, Yamraj ji Indra ji or anyone else, okay, make a provision that brother, there is a life after this, like we do in many places in our religion, in many religions, in some of our religions.  It is written somewhere that birth is a game of births, I teach all those things on Guruji Sorry Sango Saral Astrology. If you have not subscribed to that channel then do so there also, if there is a provision so that you can share all your information here.  After selling the property, put the money in the bank, convert it into something like a Bitcoin, transfer it to the next place by rotating it like this and go to the next life and start cutting glass again there, this is the provision you have, you can exercise this provision.  If you don't want to go there bare handed or want to go empty handed and leave everything with your children here then you will be told that you could have taken something worthy of praise, you could not have taken it or you could have taken it all, you could have taken only a little, a little.  left brother  When we can't take it away, everything will be left here, then why should we praise that thing so much? I make these videos at a lot of risk to my personal. This thing is not born in isolation. God's mercy is on me too.  There is a left as well as a right below, everyone listens to me and they also form a personal opinion. Well, you do it like this, they do it like this, I am also scared of being whipped but still you are right.  One has to tell the matter like Guruji, no matter what is right, whether it seems good or bad, many things seem good, many seem bad, one should check whether the thing being said is right or wrong.  Do n't get hung up on the money you have earned or the money you will leave behind. Make your children understand only what is right. This does not mean that if the parents are very poor then the game should be over for them. What will they talk about?  If you have respect then you do n't have money. Parents don't know from where they have got it and many parents look like this, I have seen only those who are poor, look at the parents in our relatives, we will leave so much for their children.  Look, it's okay, I have to tell this life to me and I am not telling the name of any client, I am not telling anything like that, so I am not committing any such sin, okay, I am telling it to me with an example, this is absolutely live.  saying that sir  Look at them, they are poor, our relatives, they did not even educate their child in that good college, they did not even do any great work and look at how good service they are getting, what a wonderful son they are, have they lost their temper, is this okay? And look, our luck is bad, we have done so much, we have the capacity to do so much, we will leave so much and our people are like this. I said, the situation is right, you are saying it, but in this situation, it can happen that these senses are poor.  they did something No, there are only two things for them and their children, hard work or luck. If something happens to them, then this pain does not bother them. Since the pain in the name of their children is not getting cured, then the children are all so good on the default setting that they  You will respect and serve your parents on their default setting and they are benefiting from that default setting and you have created strife in the lives of your children and if you create strife, you will get only strife in life, you will not get strife. Annie, now saying such things to the person who has paid you a huge fee for consultation is not an easy thing, but the aim here is not to make people feel good, to show them the reality that brother, this situation is absolutely right, but introspect yourself too, why is it so? Why is this so, just listen once that the poor relative who did not do much, if he did not do much, then why would he cry, if he behaves normally, his child comes and gives him something. He wears it, makes him sit in the car, then sits like this, he goes to the auspicious time, sits there, says at the havan, sit here, sit here, his respect is not being insulted, is it that everything seems to be respect for him?  So life was here, its child is showing you here, you are sitting here, your child is here, your child can never make you happy because you are sitting here on such a big pedestal and you are leaving with that money.  so this child So, he will never be able to become as rich as you, so he will be able to become rich only when you go, when he gets your goods, and this one, because he was the one, his child is sitting here, then you come to his level and become natural and say  That friend, you have fun, why do you have to do such and such, why do you have to suffer in life, we are us, we have struggled so much, now you do like this, do like that and enjoy and take your things forward or why this positivity?  Parents do not care about their children. There is no danger in making these videos. I am afraid of making these videos. I am afraid of big videos of politicians, so I will make them anyway. I am not afraid of being flogged at home. I am afraid of pulling ears from acquaintances through relatives.  Okay, Guruji's ears are also pulled, so I am free from the fear of pulling my ears and I am making a video for you all, so write something good in the comment section, this is what saves my life because when I make such videos.  makes I am here and I am the one who gets whipped. I am not going to tell who beats me. It's okay, but I show the comments to those who beat me. Look at this, people, the rest are suffering, isn't it okay? It's okay, this much is happening to everyone.  Everyone is saying that it is good, then it is okay, so this is the right knowledge, so save me, I have made a video for you guys, so if you save me, I will make further videos to bet because no one is making my topics. don't talk  I am the pain of the society, call me a social reformer of this 21st century India or a scientist or do whatever you want, give me a good name or call me Guruji, no one sits in an ashram, there is no work of devotion, there is no Guru Dakshina.  It is not like that work with faith because if you do such work then there will be trouble in the future because we have seen everything happening, so many people are sitting there sharing knowledge and then some, I brother, I take youtube0 fees, it is okay.  I am also telling you that this is not a cheap job, but if you do your own treatment by listening to it, it will be done cheaply, otherwise take platinum membership, that too is a cheap treatment, the fee for platinum membership is 30 months, my consultation is 45 minutes.  You will learn that in two and a half years, there is a lot of it in it, you can also become a consultant yourself, try it, ok, enjoy, share this video, comment.  Write in the section and don't take stress but these things are happening and everyone should know about it, okay and if you want to shoot a gun from my shoulder then do it, I will wear my bullet proof jacket and sit like this, okay I don't like it, so please  Tell me how did you like this video. Likes come and comments come. This is my armor. It is okay with the whips. If you become my armor and become armor, then such free videos will keep coming to you. Thank you very much.