Hello friends, this is a very amazing topic for the society. I will use the word 'Seven Realities of Indian Marriage Market' which the society needs to accept now in 2024. When this video is being made in July, brothers and sisters, today I would like to tell these seven things for the boys.  -Further, for the girls also, if you want, I will explain. I am a realist. Do you call it Mel Shovin? Neither am I nor a feminist, so these seven things will tell you this.  It has to be posted on family groups. It may hurt many people. As a disclaimer, through belief systems, but the truth is sometimes bitter and I act as a mirror. This truth should be realized. How many do you agree with, with how many do you disagree? Disagree and each topic is a topic in itself. Beyond that, you can also tell on which number you would like the detailed topic. So let's start with the first thing, this is for the boys whose  Are you planning a wedding or are you a boy? It is important for the boys, but for the girls, they will definitely see it. If you have to see everyone, if you want to spread it, then the first thing is that whatever your son-in-law brings, he does not bring the daughter-in-law to serve you. For your son, the company comes with him. The woman who comes to every wedding does not come to serve her in-laws. This is a reality. Now there were different systems in very poor countries. Now the country is no longer poor like the maid. Stop thinking about the daughters-in-law, she will get her family and grow it and she has to live as she wants, reduce the expectation to zero, the second thing will seem a little strong but it is true that we do a Kanyadaan and hear a term, Kanyadaan, they say in the marriage. Pandit ji should do Kanyadaan for Kanyadaan, then I will make Kanyadaan for girls too, if you want, it will be made in popular demand, you also have to bring the concept by donating a son, now marriage.  Now whose son is whose and beyond that whose right is the daughter-in-law's, how did we bring him up, we made me this tagger, the one who recently became famous, on which I also made a video, do you know that incident of mother-in-law and daughter-in-law and all that? This also has a trigger because many times such comments come from the society, there is one more dark truth of the society, if they want, then write the dark truth, I will make such a video that the society will look down in shame. of many people and society  It will change but I don't want to make that right now. Now let's do this video and let's move ahead. It's the donation of a son. It's not like this for us but if it did n't happen with me then you can take compensation from your husband. Mother-in-law, if you are going to have a boy.  Mother, if we have done so much to you, then take compensation from your husband, this is the reality of girls not doing this nowadays, 204 has come, either go back or take it, then go back to 1922, 200-300 years ago, Sati practice also existed.  Wherever you want to go, you go, you tell me what things are needed, what values ​​are needed, along with making the society aware, I am trying to free the daughter from the shackles. Just like you say Kanyadaan, bye bye tata, it will be very beneficial for the parents if they do.  By the way, the third thing that the parents of the boy should do is that it is happening in China also, you cannot marry the boy unless he has a separate house to live in, it is not a purchased one, then it should be a rented one, he should not live with the girl's family.  There is clear cut messaging from  And on this I will make a video in great detail. In today's time, I do n't know anything about jobs. I was married to a employed person. I lost my job within two months, but I have a family, so if I don't go home, then first of all set the criteria, boy, four paise.  You earn less, you are 2 inches shorter in height, your skin color may not be favorable for you, even if your hair is a little fly, it will be okay, you have a little belly, even if the house is yours, then those who are sitting like a lot of snakes and have a house.  No, if you lose your job, your daughter-in-law will become a maid. She is not a maid and that boy is also a servant. Is this the truth or are you against the parents? Earlier, I did not do this much. Now, what I have seen is the truth of the society. There are five to ten parents, some are fine, five are fine.  There are only 10, how about the rest? Yes, I will tell you the science and everything on this too. Which ones were born for freedom? Who had the blood of slavery in them? When were they born? What was that? I am a history generation.  I will make it wise that all these people are born the same, I will also link it to astrology, so every topic that I am speaking is different, every line of mine is a one minute video in itself, but here I am just telling you this today.  Isn't it Newton's First Law Second Law Third Law Okay thing at rest will continue to be at rest or force applied one and that opposite and equal thing I am telling you here P five so this one will have to take a house no don't get married  If you are a poor middle class person, then what is the need to get married in such a poor society? Then brother, those who do not have a house will not get married. All my subscribers are not there, it should not happen according to me, it should not happen according to me, so like this.  So yes, it is like this, if you stay together then you will have to cry like this, then get ready, then the girl's people also have to be clear, many girl's people do not love their girls, that is also a fact, if it is not so, then send it anywhere, it is fine.  I am getting a little stronger  But it is becoming clear fourthly, you people do not have to live together nor do you have to hang on to your child. The boy has got used to the parents. 52 years old 49 years old mother. How old is the boy. When he was 23, the mother became 26 27 years old boy.  She has come so many times, 23, 24, 25, 26, you are a little late too, hang on these days, you will be old at 49, you will be a mother-in-law, Madonna will be dancing till 62, 63. Still I don't know what a judge Shahrukh is and see this Salman, the Pathan who danced in 60, hood hood dhabang dhabang and here people died at 52, the video is of 25 minutes, I will give you full clarity, if you see any girl of 24 years by force.  Now you do it, now it's done, fill it up, you will bring it. Brother Sahib is not sitting in the village, the baggy daughter-in-law has come and is sitting in the city. We are rich people, I am my audience.  Paisa wala hai, I am poor, I have spoken many times in the poor audience because I can't create content for every buddy. Brother, if you are poor, if you dream of becoming rich tomorrow, if you dream of becoming middle class, then it is applicable, it is okay, but you understand the content.  For which audience is the fifth thing being made? It should be clear to the society that this thing is linked to the marriage market only. Do n't take money from the son. What are you saying? Why shouldn't we take money? Apart from that, we have to spend so much.  Had he done SIP, if he would have told then tell me till when will it be there, till you suck the child, whatever his investment was, don't marry, it is clear cut, I am selling marriage market, clear cut, ask boys and girls. Yes brother, you will give the money, okay, then when all the favors are settled and everything is done with the parents, then tell the boys also that if you are thinking like this, then you will get married in 38 years, 40, 45 years. Do 50 at 55 when parents go away but the truth is that parents are not going to go at 50 55. If you are 50 years old then your mother is 72 years old because the old one I am saying is the first ladies.  Had I become a mother at the age of 20, 22, 23, my mother would have probably died at the age of 95 and may unfortunately have spent the money today without any tension.  He is earning and the stress he is taking today is dying first. Covid has told us that anyone's number can come at any time, the elder is 90 and is alive and the son is 68, so much heart for the parents.  There is no need to beat, I will come and tell you that the government also works here, the government is very right, there is social security in America, there is social here, old age pension scheme, this scheme, this scheme, what are you teaching, this is my society, this is  you  What are you wasting, sir, we are consultants, the next generation is dying, the parents are not allowing us to live, the white haired ones are mine, it is okay, so you people should not take money, you people can do it wherever you want to survive and 5  KG ration is given by the government, it is not necessary to run AC, if you don't have money then live as per your own, then what is that money, then will she take it, whose does it belong to, a video will be made in detail beyond that, because now I am telling the gospel, I will not then. So the test is silent, I am hitting the statement. Sixth, if your daughter-in-law does not talk, daughter-in-law has no obligation to speak to you, if you are capable of talking, then she will talk, if not, then she will not, and this decision is hers, not yours. Hey, why can't you talk to us?  Who will not do it? What is necessary to talk about? If someone, if you put your finger in a socket and get electric shock as soon as you put it, then someone will say that you will put it again and again, someone will say that you are mad, someone will put your hand on the hot pan again and again, no, keep it, it is your duty.  I don't feel like it, she has come for the boy, she has come for the boy, not for your entertainment, you do n't have a husband, do I ask the senior citizens, those whose husbands are alive and wives are alive, then they can do their thing comfortably and when they  If one will go and everyone will go, then your brothers and sisters are sitting with a lot, all of them from that time, nowadays, each one of them has a child, I think about what will happen in their old age, when their children will say hello less, then they will have  So not only brothers and sisters to talk about, but today's elders brother, you also have the situation of three sisters and four brothers, then their children, then their gossipers, then their daughters-in-law, keep exchanging your notes, you have got nothing to look forward to.  In talking to you what to talk about and yes mother-in-law and daughter-in-law's conversation hello yes mummy yes yes good and how are you and everything is fine good what's good to eat you are taking care of her good she is fine what do you want to check Are you or your daughter-in-law taking care of your son? Why is it between them? Why should she talk to you so that if she talks, she can control you or many people live together, those who are living far away are also not happy because of this.  Mobiles have made everything like that and the one who lives with her will get a job, she will not come and talk, she will go in the morning, she will wake up late on Saturdays and Sundays, a complete haven has been set up here, her mother-in-law will talk like this because They have gone through menopause, they do n't have those programs, I want to ask them, were your children divine from above or were they biological, how did they appear? You people must have done some program, only then the children were born. Buddy has to come and talk like this straight forward, why are you ruining their sex, I am not having children, I am getting so many cases, I am not having children, I say, you live with parents, that is why they are not happening, stay away, no, we  so done  You were a different kind of divine, weren't you people able to handle so much pressure? These days, the one who is elderly today is the most, I am not ashamed to say, the one who is elderly today is Bau ji, Mata ji, 70 years, 75 years, 80 years.  Sal Bhai Saheb, the amount of sex these people have done, neither can today's generation even see it, I am talking about punning, I am someone very like me to come and tell this, there are many other truths also.  Now!  He is not doing anything in love, I have cut him off in his life, now all these people have come and are doing the situation as if it is a sin if you do anything, where did you go and how did you do it, it is their engine that they live together in that also.  Is it okay to ever ask them where they did it while they were alive? I am an observer of the society. Yes, I see everything. I am time. I speak directly. I am telling you the truth.  Know this and forward this. If she does n't talk to you if she is embarrassed, then there is no need to be so sad. And the last point which is true, I request you with folded hands to all the elders who are above 60, give coolness to your next generation. Under a cool tree, no one calls, it is hot and there is a big nice Peepal tree or some Barkat, there is good shade, it is cool and there is a pot of water kept there, it is there by itself.  It will attract, not the cactus bush, it attracts. Come to me, if you become the one who gives coolness, then your next generation will come and if you are the same, you do n't get up, you don't live properly, do it like this, why are you going to spend money like this?  Why didn't you get a daughter-in-law, you spent my son 's money, it's nothing like this, hey, it 's not your son, he has also become her husband, it won't do for your son, you haven't brought the registry, there is no plot or the registry is mine.  It was lying inside the locker, that's why I said the first point: Kanyadaan and son donation, the society should learn these seven things, there is a video and logic on each of them, first one of my similar videos is a big hit, it has more than 7 lakh views, yes son and daughter in law.  Do not stay with the in-laws Parents are very beneficial if you do not stay with your children, you will also be saved from being misused, the next generation is also very fast, it will also take away all the fun, sweet words.  Most of the parents are unhappy these days, those whose children are not ill-mannered, because they are forced to cook food together, all the children are brought up and they do not do any work or anything else, they are the most misused.  It is happening that those who are genuine children will shout and shout, this is also a fact because they also respect you, they have the need for righteousness in life, they will not say no, you did not talk a little.  If you don't enjoy doing it like this, then I am not saying that only parents are cunning, children are also cunning, families are also cunning, there is a lot of wrong in the society and in many places, why do these boys think like this these days? If you want to know the dark secret of 90's, what is the issue in parenting? If you want to know, those who were born in 1990 because they are the ones who are going to awaken the wisdom and consciousness, they are the ones who are facing a lot of problems with girls.  So beyond that, a different video will come and the girls should not smile too much after seeing it. Seven points are yours too, but that on some other day. If the boys want, then I am not on anyone's team here. Hey, you are like this only, I know this.  Making videos is equivalent to driving away subscribers. For many people, we used to love everything, but how come you said that we should not be with our children, why is there nothing else to pass the time, you have that job. Boy, it's okay if you go somewhere to do something, America.  It is okay if he goes away, but if brother stays with you, you will stay with him, he will remain inside the house, he will remain in the kitchen, and we will eat only the food prepared by your daughter-in-law, whom we do not know how to cook, which we have come to like, and we will keep troubles and the food cooked by the maid. You don't eat yourself, we can't do it, we have to eat from his hands, he does n't know what it is like, son, we, that, Saraswati playing, which one, we will listen to some musical instrument because in that picture, there was a picture like this, Jai.  Of bravery, she used to wake up early in the morning and sing songs with pride and in the morning, she used to watch Utpal who her father was selecting, all the movies are fine, it is so good, she wakes up in the morning and sings songs, she is giving water to Tulsi ji.  Madam Sir, whatever you are hearing, such girls are not found, their mother, no, you do not wake up, your wife does not wake up, so what are you thinking, where will she come from, she cannot be brought even from the TV, just go and see madam.  Jai Bachchan  Yes, how is the photo taken, she runs away, it's okay, she doesn't live with Amitabh Bachchan, she was looking so much like that in that photo, see the real one, Abhishek Bachchan and Jaya Bachchan and Amitabh Bachchan and Shwar Ra, they don't appear in even one photo.  People come separately to Ambani's wedding, Aishw Rai is coming separately and the daughter is coming separately, this family is coming separately, they are not able to understand, take a photo here, take a photo with her and they are going on life after getting the photo taken. truth of  Look, don't get attracted by TV, it is nothing, how people run a practical family, become practical, if you want to make a face, you will keep making a face, if you want to learn, then learn something from the Ambani family, everyone looks the same and keeps smiling, they are happy, no, they don't have it.  Money is too much, if there is money, then there comes more troubles, this is what happens with money, if you have less money, then why are you fighting, then this was a cut for the boys, brother.  harden your heart  As it is said in the language of Haryana, 'Dil Kadha Karna' means 'Make your heart strong', 'Be pragmatic, be practical, this is what it is and' and brothers and sisters, if you have suffered from any of these, then I will implement these seven things pan India in the next seven months. How can you do that? Hey, you will troll in the comment section. We make videos and tell the truth and are popular and people also believe. It is like vote bank politics, isn't it changing?  New party, new thought process, new idol ji, new new content creator, yes, you, you will be a girl, no, who said so, I am a personal person, I will bat from both the sides, you people have not subscribed my Guruji from Gurugram channel, political.  My channel is very good, there is very good content there, I bat on both sides, on all three sides, I do not belong to any particular party, there is content in every way, I do not talk about balance here.  Is there any balance? If you have taken a boy's class, then there is a balance. Sometimes a girl 's class will be taken. There is never any balance. There is no content that there is something in between. This has to be. This is sweet, this is salty. Okay, but  If both the things are important, then classes will have to be organized for the girls' parents also. I may be on the girls' side and may feel harsh but what would happen if they come in a moving bus. Now the girls' parents will enjoy a lot, this one will be left behind by the boy's parents and that girl will run away.  When the video will come, the boys will not be there to watch it and the girls who had applauded here will leave and run away. Even at that cost, otherwise I too would have been a subscriber, we too would have reached 15-20 lakhs, but how did we reach because on one hand  If you don't talk about cognitive dissonance of the human mind, then I will have a video on cognitive dissonance of the human mind. You can watch it on another channel. The curd of the brain is called cognitive dissonance. Well, it is necessary if you want to progress in life. If you have then the name of my channel is Guruji from Gurugram. Go watch it and subscribe. If you are not already subscribed, how did you like this video? If you understood it then it is very good and if you did not understand it completely then I will try my best.  That in seven months, I should explain it well to everyone, I should explain it well to everyone, then when the girls and boys will sit like this and they will ask, then they will say, do you follow Amit Sangwan ji, Sango Lai Su.  I yearn for such a thing that both the girl and the boy will exchange notes. I will take things to this level. Whatever I say first, no one does it first in India, that's why I am the number one clarity giver. For 4 years, I have started speaking in the middle class middle class. Then the world started speaking, then everyone did everything, still they will be closed, I am still not closed, so this mother-in-law is also my original, she is the mother-in-law and daughter-in-law specialist, I am a marriage specialist, I am a marital consultant. I am a specialist in consultation brother, the fees are expensive, God forbid you may not need them, it is okay but the fees are expensive, the treatment is done with ease, I think, but if you understand things through these videos, then you will never need it, brothers and sisters.  I am that doctor who is saying that if you ever fall ill, you will not fall ill, otherwise what do you say on your stomach? I am kicking you, so please spread this is the writing on the wall.  I don't like it, this is what is happening, this is what will happen, this will be made to happen, if it is not happening, in that also I will tell a different story, where does it happen, where does it not happen, how to get married, very interesting topics for you.  If you look good and explain, it is better if you don't sound bad because reality and mirror are mirrors, you know that if there is dust on the face, then the mirror is not cleaned.  I am my mirror. You will not get it by trolling me. You will have to clean your own face because I am showing what is happening and if you do not like your face in the mirror, then you have something to do about your face.  Wash it first so I hope everyone understood, did not feel bad and if anyone accidentally felt bad, then I had to make this video a little bad so that after feeling bad, you become a little like that because when the doctor does some surgery.  If someone does Vajri and applies some needle, then there is pain and victory lies in front of the pain. There will be some pain, so if there is pain then that means video work has been done, if there is no pain, then it is a dead stock. Go ahead and say anything in a roundabout way, no, there should be no pain, pain is good, without pain there is little benefit, it is not necessary that there should be benefit in every pain, this is also a wrong thing, cholera is not true, people create cholera on their own that if they do this then  Is  So its meaning is true but if you are feeling some pain, belief system gets crushed then it happens and brother, if your belief system is not crushed then Guruji had come, many trees have been shaken for you, your roots are very strong, you could not break them, try again next time.  Will do it but if we are not able to break it yet then be happy then there is no need to be sad on this too, you live with your truth but I am telling the truth of the society to the people and I am telling the truth of the middle class, this thing  Don't take things for guaranteed that she is a daughter-in-law, we are rich, she will do this, many people make mistakes in this also, they belong to a rich family, they think that if she comes to a poor family, she will remain subdued, nothing works, I am sitting in the marriage market, marital market. Even she doesn't agree to marital consultation, she also doesn't agree because you don't know when you will get married to which Pushpa Lady Pushpa, your brother will not bow down, you don't know which man Pushpa will collide with, if you don't know then it will be late.  There are no rules, you have to change your expectations, it's okay and you have to let go of the sun, they are birds of the ship, children of all of us, they are birds of your ship, they will come back, it seems that where will they go, birds of the ship  They understand that if we wash ourselves with sea water and drink it, if we find it on the ship, then the bird on the ship cannot survive by leaving the ship. Children are birds of the sea, but we create panic, we don't want to create panic.  We have to live with love, families have to live close together, not together, it is okay, we have to live with love, please spread this message, like the channel, subscribe, write in the comment section, I have done some pre-consultation courses, you can definitely take them, there is not much fee.  You can also take membership of the channel in the comment section. Thank you very much.