Hello friends, today's topic is middle class and sick relatives. The topic is an original topic. If you don't find any other topic on YouTube, please like it for the original. I am telling you something in a very practical manner. It may seem bad to some people who do very first order thinking.  You will think a little like this and say that this has been a conversation and all the doctors who are looking for my audience please have an comment on this because you should have an comment on this. Whatever has been explained is correct, no, here the point is that the middle class broad thought process is at the level that if a relative is sick then what is the thing that messes up and what should be done, I will tell you about both the things, what is messed up, first I will tell you why.  I will tell you what they do and why they do it, because when we learn what they do, then we can move towards improving them. Here, when I am talking about a relative, it does not mean that they are from your family, they are relatives.  If it didn't happen, he became something more than a relative.  Whether your wife falls ill or your father falls ill or your mother falls ill, I am not talking about the immemorial relationship of blood, which is absolutely a family, it is the man himself who has suffered, so there is no point in that, what is seen and seen is seen by distant people who are few.  It is okay for those who do not live in your house, live somewhere else in some other society, in some city, then what is the scene of the disease? Here, there was an accident, a heart attack, something like this, it must be of a bigger level where hospital admission is done.  There is a need because if someone has gone viral or got a cold, then no one even knows about it, it is not an issue that something serious will happen suddenly, so there is more of an attendance system installed in it because how are relatives like that? Man, take an example, if something happens to someone's father, it is his son, it is the son's daughter-in-law, according to the son, and whoever has it, it is his wife who is related on the wife's side, so there is a huge wastage of time and resources in maintaining attendance. Energy is just for the sake of helping, instead of helping, in many stages, on the contrary, two are also sad. I will samjhaunga well on both the aspects, you will understand, how to help, what to do, I will also tell you because do not write here, well, this brotherhood should not happen to anyone.  If something happens, Ay Bhaiya, ask the doctor in the hospital. If the patient has something torn, then the operation is fine, the delivery is fine, daughter-in-law's thing is appreciated, cesarean operation has been done, proper till 24.  There is no operation above that, in my opinion, because as many babies are born as 3 or 4 babies, there is not much operation done. Okay, the public should reach out. Brother, are you in a hurry to show me that there are infections, there are infections in the hospital too and you.  If you are coming from outside then is it okay to hurry, you want to show that I have come, I have asked, do this WhatsApp WhatsApp and ask him punch, what is the need to come so quickly, you did not come, you did not call, do you need money?  can date it van date it  Very important second thing is the system running in the family, like in the olden times, if something happened in the village, then water its fields, cook its rotis today, do this, now do n't we live in the fields and in the old times, a lot of things are ours.  Even money has been outsourced in life, most of the people have bought it through insurance, there is no such major retirement, but if it is happening in a man-low case, then please ask by all men, there is nothing in asking.  Give as much as you can but don't go on your own and that too just for show because most of the people I have seen will come to the hospital for a 5 minute visit and go away and that's it, the duty has been fulfilled, that was the only duty which is family, care giver like.  Where something has happened or there is a problem, can you keep the children of those places for a few days? Can you bring them from school? And the one who is sick, the one who is captive, all the people around him, the images of him who are engaged in serving him and his life which is shaken.  You can help them with any small thing, give them a driver, offer yourself for four days, I wanted to pick up and drop something from somewhere, please tell me, if there is something suitable for us, then tell me what is suitable for us, hey, straight forward understanding.  What do you say, what are your capabilities, what resources do you have in your house, is there a car, a driver, can you go yourself, do you have a child, is anyone practical, has someone come inside the house many times, has he or she had a heart attack or someone else like this?  Have been hurt  There is something, they should give him two-four punches and give him home from the hospital in seven days. Now you are going to the house, his wife is there in the house, whatever he is seeing, she is worried, you will come, we will have to cook, we will have to give water, are you helping?  Yes, tell me, you must have kept it in order, it is okay, it is the time after delivery, why do you keep coming, why are you getting angry, if it is 40 days, then the period should not go till delivery anyway, the mother and the child, who are directly there.  Lady is involved in serving, daughter-in-law's mother-in-law is the man, nowadays I don't know, Narendra etc caste, the old system is failing, most of the girls like to go with their mother, but whatever Das system is fine, please request because this is me.  I will leave it till illness because when people like old age pass away and the drama that happens after that, I will make a different video some time, it will distract a little more, although I will make comedy based on humor.  It's okay, if they want dark comedy, then they can tell because the middle class has more tent in it, it's okay, it has more tent in that thing, but now the practicality of this disease was practical, please think with your heart that If something has happened to someone in your house then what kind of help would you expect from someone? Say that help, Mango. If someone is giving, he is coming, tell me practical on Mango. Will he bring our vegetables or has he brought milk? Send your maid, ok. Or maybe one of yours is very fat, what happens when something comes over a house, then that house gets paralyzed but it does not mean that some activity was taking place in that house, it is not important, there is some paper work.  It may be that something cool may be important, that thing is absolutely necessary for the family, just as it used to happen in the brotherhood in the village that one brother made roti for them, the second did it, the third did it and forcefully took the food to the hospital.  taking there  Don't go there, it is a different environment, no, I will feed you, whichever caretaker is there is more hoesil, sometimes what happens is that I have started joking with people, but sometimes what happens is that due to relatives, the immediate  He is worried about care, he becomes so agitated and says that hospital was better than this, it is I who take the bed, which means it is the sick person who takes the bed, the one taking the bed is the one who takes the rest.  Han A is meeting, moral is increasing, he is doing it, but brother, he also has other things, these days one can talk through technology also, I am telling you through technology, this physical touching is not sick, isn't it?  A man will say that children, I am fine at your place, I am fine, a little, you do such a program, very good, you go and say to the woman who is looking at the husband or the husband is looking at the wife or any human being, say brother, hour.  Nath Bhole take a break  Relax, do n't talk to Ambani for two-three hours, eat home-cooked food, relax in your own comfort, I offer this here, so you know, don't visit for 12 minutes brother, don't show off, I am just saying this, I am a family.  I am like which one is that Manoj Bajpayee, I am brotherhood, family, meeting family, but the biggest problem of all is to say that I am very concerned about practicality, whatever is there should be.  Sahaj should be a zen man should be practical because look, you are definitely investing some energy, resources and time in your appearance, it is not that it seems like zero, I belong to this late date work for date family which is called that.  Whoever is your friend, don't just say that ' Hey, I came, show me, I have seen people who are in very powerful positions, if something happens in their homes, then it means the world to me to attend to them.'  I have also seen that his brother, who is a powerful politician, has gone into COM. Okay, so the world is coming to see him too that brother, I had come and now that politician is not standing there the whole time and the person who unfortunately went into COM, he has to attend.  Anyway, I cannot show it but the public still comes with some kind of support, we came, we saw Bhai Saheb coming, this means this number, this is a gimmick, and if we mean attendance, then this attendance system should be closed.  Keep two genuine relationships and call genuinely, like if the relative on your side is a girl then you call your daughter and ask her for help, "Son, can I do it?", say hello to her in-laws and  One more thing, you and your daughter should know that when something vivid happens in her life, her parents support her and do something tangible for her, only something tangible will be remembered, this attendance will not be remembered and that means there are many people who  You live such a superficial life that you will remember not coming, but just attending will not be of any benefit in your life. I hope you people understand the larger message, so please don't interpret it like this, be practical in life. How did you like the video and  Best of all, how are such topics looking? I am Sir, there will be many opinions in this. Please write in the comment section. My subscribers write such things that other subscribers do not.  Those who read the comments also gather their thought process. This is called collective learning. And I am an anchor today and a TV anchor. I typed a debate. I told it very well from my side. I am sir, you people will have a lot to write in it. And  I am looking forward for doctors' comments. If you are a doctor then you have to write doctor and all these phenomena are troubling us, that is, this is the biggest problem for doctors, please keep this out.  If there are 100 patients in the hospital, then there are thousands of unnecessary visitors. This is a big problem. It means that if they come, they will not use the bathroom for him. If they come, if they are interested in anything, then it puts a load on him. Help him in his house, right?  I am coming to your home getting the vegetable. Okay, I am leaving it outside. Okay, I am going to the neighbor. Okay, what else do you need? Okay, I have picked up the children from school. Okay, then I will do like this. Okay, this is the story of the children. Children, sometimes it is live.  Ambulatory  And I am bringing it in children's stationery, I have done your project, I have given you a good Paytm, because many times people do not get even the normal amount on their phone, you know, they cannot get less like this.  Many times, because the person is so emotional in whose house it happened, then help like this, there is no need to go to the hospital, you have a doctor and a nurse in the hospital, they have to take care, okay, I hope people will like this topic, I knew that I have to tell this because I  Very  I will observe ok thank you