Hello friends, middle class and school selection on their kids is a very important topic, I get a lot of questions on this, today I am making a video on this, listen very carefully, middle class, okay, how should you send your child to school because middle classes are getting.  IT'S VERY RANG AND SCHOOLS ARE EXPLORING IT'S VERY BADLI Okay, now I am talking about the fact that the middle class is not going to be sent to a government school, I am right in saying that, although there are still some government schools which  The track record of the children here has been very good, historically, these are the children who are running India today, who have reached big institutions and different places today.  On the day of 60 years of age, I am not suggesting that you should follow this fruit, but you can do it if you live in a small town, but after that, I am going to address the big lions in expensive schools.  The middle class has been going on for six years and it is making a lot of mistakes and the middle class has two-three mistakes. I will tell you at the thought process level of the parents who are today's middle class. It is possible that when they were in childhood, their parents were lower class or  They were lower middle class, okay, so they studied hard, their children have reached here in life, they are parents today, they have reached here, now their thinking is that I used to go to school of this level, my parents.  He was of this level and I have worked so hard to reach this level, so mother, if I send my child to school at this level, he will become extra polite, this is not the happening date, this is the essence of this wanted video, thoughts.  D message tone is also foolish like debt, not debt, we have to spend on education brother, we just have to spend on education, rest of this life is less, we provide every bill, we provide best education. Understand one thing about best education, it is not available in India, it is not available in India, what is wrong with the parents of their children, that those children of rich people come there, they do not send all the middle class people, there is only one school like if I take our name.  The school people will do it for me, there are many schools in Gurgaon, I will take the example of Gurgaon and tell you, do it in your city, this is the skirt, this is the paint, this is the mix, this is some alum balm, 32 dresses, okay, so they have tents here now.  A middle class child will go to his parents' fees and is paying his pet cat's fee. Now those children have a sense of rich and poor. This note is very clear, so it is mini for adults because it is actually related to Kant. You are rich because you want Mukesh Ambani, also if it is Mukesh Ambani, can you be rich, it is not related, it means in normal India, you have it brother.  If you have thousand crores but your brother-in-law has Rs. 5000 crores, then you are poor in the eyes of your wife. If it is okay then the child does not know. The child has gone to school. Now I have seen there that someone is coming with an Apple phone, with an iPhone. Now you have already kept your water up to this point because you have already done it and you have to send him to school and like water up to this point, now you don't have any scope for him to complete the further requested program so you do n't give him the children.  Tests are done and some of the issues in their childhood will come up on their own and you will be in your life because of the pet cat who did this there and did that and many times middle class children do not perform as well here as here.  There is no such performance major in schools because that's why everyone feels happy, there is no first second third academy and some are here and what is the problem that half of them are children of Lal ji, children of rich businessmen, hi-fi.  They are the children of professionals, their style is different for them, again this will not end like yours, when they go to college after 12th, then they will not go to the same college where your child had gone through competition and you spent less money in school. Now you have welcomed me, will you mortgage your kidney for the college guy or send all the land, it's okay, now he is going immediately, now you can't compete with him there and he is going without any competition and Vo ka raha hai wahi can't you come you are me friend they bin like on 7 years together please come na yeh she and papa want tu ko papa I want ne papa this like is now the place of vitamins now they are going him all  Friends, if my father is going, then my father gets declared a looter. First of all, in your own eyes, in the eyes of the child, it is permanent and the child feels that if I go abroad, I do n't know, if I shoot an arrow in the pumpkin. Late because he keeps coming abroad, he is his son, he has to sit on his neck, we will go there, we will enjoy, we will see the perspective and all these people will go there, go to some college in the foreign country, the game is only about money, here we are busy with Axman.  When the competitive examination is about to come out, now I am telling you about this school, from which school it is giving admission, these big hi-fi international schools and the ones you know, do not send your children to normal schools.  Send it which is very close to the house so that the child's commuting time is reduced and there he is as per his status as you are. Children of this status type are coming in the society and are like that and are doing their best for the academy and are studying.  It's okay, but do n't do too much with him. Now, is n't life worth it in big schools? Let me give you an example. There is a YouTube, Ranveer, if you have subscribed to Beer Bar, now I have never spied on such a place. Now he is there.  so that  All the film Tara and all these children of big people and businessmen and Ambani ji's own family were already rich, then they will be a little poor, then they again went to fly and become rich but they are doing it well because of this.  Fear of networking, everyone comes to his show, there is relief in Mumbai, knowing everyone knows this can also be a benefit, but it depends on how you do it, so it was a bad thing, but now will you tell this to your child? You have to do something, you have to become something else, you have to know some entrepreneurship, networking, where did you get all this, if it is not in your syllabus, then there can be benefits too, but it depends on the orientation and purpose of the parents, if the purpose is clear. Only that I will send you to a good school and if something happens on its own then it is not going to happen, all those good schools are like this, red land, good childhood, yes, few numbers, everyone is happy, everyone is good, personality is English.  Come networking, alumni photos and their batches there too are like this, he is from there, the girls are from there, the boy is from there, attitude is all there, there are chances of getting spoilt but these can also be benefits. Real estate is very expensive.  In the real estate where schools are not being built, they are very expensive old schools. You will see that the fees in those schools are still good and there the teachers are paid more because the management of the school has been open for 70 years, so the money  I am giving you a trick idea that if a new school is opened then the fees will be very high for the teacher, Rs 20 thousand is ours, that is for the teacher only, you are going to the school to gain knowledge from the school building.  If the infrastructure is like this, then roam around in the mall. Okay, office story and roam around, then the building meaning is good, ultimately the same and what is the quality of the teacher. So the date is on the third point, I will do the band and tell you what boarding is.  Many people in school also ask this a lot. Boarding school hostels are available at various places in Rajasthan, in Mussoorie, in Nainital, in Shimla, in the mountains and Darjeeling, there are different places. You will hear the names, it is no use writing everyone's name, it is okay.  Should be sent there Answer: Should not be sent at all Very rich people did not have a place to send their children because in lions they did not go to good schools, so there was another region, second bed marriage film Tara is wife on shooting, husband is getting divorced on shooting, bed married life, all the films are not of Tara, I am telling in general, okay, sometimes what happens to the child there, what to do now, the child is trapped, the parents are like this, send them to boarding school at least.  Less his childhood is protected out so that whenever parents go, we meet for 10 days and he comes for 10 days, good memories, quality time, so all these are tents, middle classroom note, fruit in this, not I went there, I went there, you  Guru ji you are talking nonsense, look at me, I trigger pain points, it becomes pain, your belief system, you take mother, read from her, if your life will be good, then what will happen, if life will be good, then what will happen, childhood is not good, child, reading is very good. I myself became self-dependent, I learned this from friends, I learned this and that, those whose mother you become mother to, they also become brothers to everything, those who did not get any love in life, neither did they get affection, nor did they get parathas from their mother, nor from their father.  Of  Did n't they get protection, that means they never say anything but they too have been living for so many years but the fact is that brother, it's not a good thought in today's chase of spoiling comes and tell me one more thing, I am telling the middle class about the rich.  Whatever the children are, they are going to get spoiled and they also know how to improve the spoiled things because they have old money, they know how to wish for money, they will do all the wrong things, their parents also know what they are doing and after that they  Do you know how to handle someone and want a normal life? These middle class people know how not to get spoiled, just as anyone can get spoiled, they have no one to improve them, these big universities are vacant, now I am neither, their name is university.  They have been thrown out due to their inferiority, they have been taken away from here and they have many names and also have to write some papers, the government has also been beaten, so the children of the very rich are studying in such a university, the very rich have no interest, no fees.  I just came  It's only now here that you think that I will give pulses to my child. If he is a middle class cat, then he has given pulses to his stomach, nothing is going to happen to him, he is bound to get worse there because what he has done through networking has to be taken out from there. Now I  Now if you ask, I was talking about school, then university, I can settle both of them, only one thing is right, where you have not gone on merit, you have gone only on money and you don't have the money because you are rich, otherwise it will go ahead.  Nothing much is going to happen, I am telling you. This is very important, just because I know, but why do parents do this, parents do this, they say that we have done our duty, don't do this stupid thing, this is not the best, you jump, do money, this is a limited resource in everybody, this is like most 99% unlimited. Well, it is not for anyone, but you can say that for the ultra rich, for the middle class, money is a very limited resource, be very careful, this is painted, you just can't.  Because I paid for such an expensive thing and that's it, my duty will be over, now nothing has happened, all this foolishness is your child, he also went with the money and no such game has happened when you are middle class, great Indian middle class which is every Value revolves around a thing. When it is a caste, then in everything it wants the thing to be cheap but it also needs to be durable. In Indian education, it is okay if it is expensive but what is sustainable is okay, is it sustainable, does it actually benefit, the amount of money given is okay.  remained  I am getting that much profit by raising Rs. 15-15 lakhs per year. There is a lot of hostels in normal schools. Don't waste your hard money and money. Better than that, ship it in Nifty Index Fund, it will turn into so much money. Tell me too. No, I have not studied in such a sexy place, but friend, I have studied here, let's check, this is your one dead two crore, keep this, live your life, they will say, give one dead, it will become a little like this.  If you pay Rs 15000 at 15% for 15 years then it becomes one crore. 15 * 15 * 15 So if your child starts from nursery and does 12th then 15 years are lost. Okay so brother in 15 years if 15000  His story is the child, you took it, tell me about today's date, he is not talking about the old one, okay, then not now, it couldn't have happened like this, it could n't be possible, I know many people don't do this because the society itself.  I don't let you do it, if I or anyone of mine has put my children in such an expensive school, then come, which school are your children studying in? Mine is studying there, so he will keep putting it in you, your wife, you are the share. You are my subscriber, your wife is not my subscriber, that's why I want to make her too, otherwise she will beat you from behind, friend, look, my sister's child is studying there, he is studying there, he will be thrown out in front of them, he will be buried behind us.  These They will be done, they will go like this, they will be taken ahead, no madam, they are already ahead, okay, they are the children of rich parents, you stay behind, mother, you do not have to go beyond the route, you have to do some other route, using the lift lift.  In CDO, that destination has come from you. If you try to cook them in the video, you will be short of breath and you will not reach the story. You will have to discover whether it is me who has to climb up or whether the story is in a different building or in the wrong building.  I want to know the story, there is more story  The middle class was never out of the box. There is only a little of it and that is its box. Hey madam, do n't copy. I am very mad. Madam, why are you throwing me out? It happened in the consultation a day ago. I talked to someone. Don't copy. Adarsh ​​​​this.  We used to cheat in the classes of our lives, roaming around with all the question papers separately. If you are not me then you will be cheating. If you have seen someone then you will be in 6th along with 8th in 10th and tell me what is his four's and what is his's. What is good, he should tell it, tell it in solar clips, put the moon here and there, put this sun in the middle of the meaning, show him what to do, tell him once about a photo synthesis, then that five was from the paper, now the question paper itself is different.  You are going to copy it, I will write the answer out of five, its question is different, family is different, your question is different and the answer is something else, if you are doing that then where will you reach by telling the parents.  Tha I hope you guys enjoy I bill stop this video hero only Share this one in the middle class Share this one It's okay that you have taken the knowledge but if by the evening 10 people come and tell you then you are the only one Well, we are still sending ourselves there, you are sending yourself, yes, then you are telling a story and compromising, I don't have money, now I didn't lure you from here, this guy was shipping in this name, so sitting there  have been studying  And what did you do in the Academy because that syllabus is changing so quickly, I never thought in my life that I would come like this, something like this must be happening in YouTube also, you guys see for yourself what you guys are doing and how you studied.  Kari, if there is any link in it, then why are you doing such and such things? There is no link between the children's school and education. No, there is no link. The link is that someone had gone out 100 years ago and then he was in the Freedom Movement.  And here he became a lawyer and became so many people, he doesn't know which biography is of Manman's middle class and which one is of middle class. Brother, now everything is fine. The English people do not have any life in their schools. John sir, from your house.  It is very close by, take that bus and if you have to change house or change school, then get yours done, they are giving so much importance, don't give it on middle class education of kids. Its message is no, oh if you will not give then what if yes no dog then he will do well, not a child but dog, don't give too much importance mid life which is about date only, he will go to school after 12th, brother, which college, what to do, what to do, what to do Send him to a better school than the one in school. You are asking what he should do, he should become an athlete.