Hello friends, today's topic is Indian Population. You know the figures have gone and the numbers have become wan. We are talking about the middle class and the opportunity. Should the middle class move forward? How to influence the middle class? How to think about the middle class? And how to move forward, this will be a very interesting video if your children are in their early 20's or are currently going to college or you yourself are in your early 20's who are listening to me, please do listen to how to effect this.  We will discuss the population demography of 10-20 years and listen very pragmatically. The videos of my middle class series have been a big hit. Ek Apne Mein Hi is my playlist, so please you guys can watch it carefully. There is a lot more related right now.  The data is yes, we voted for China, so many people are talking about it and my lap, we have become so over-circulated, there is a lot of crowd, this is not good, infrastructure will be wasted like this, first of all, it is not as if someone has been born suddenly.  This is what was going on, the data has also been extracted and the date is de facto, it is fine. The biggest problem of the middle class is that middle class children want to become something, they have to make something, their interest is not in earning money, they are interested in becoming something, they want a career.  Those who want stability, the way the money remains low, they go to one place and wish to stay at that place, that means 30 years, 40 years, I will give information about the van trick system. The biggest problem is to say that service to 142 crores.  We will also have to pay, there are so many people, so everyone has to eat, there is electricity, there is water, that is, there are plumbers and carpenters, there are many jobs like this, there is retirement, but the middle class will not rumor, sir, it is an addiction, it has to be reduced in suit-boot type.  So, I will not at all tell you to become a lumber carpenter, do not run away from here, but I will tell you what to do. Do not believe that the lower class has no hesitation in becoming anything, otherwise the money should come where they have the skill set.  If they can get it easily, wherever they can get less, they are doing it and they are growing very fast because if there are 6 or 8 people in their house, all of them earn money and all the income is in the system outside the income tax. I have already made a video on this about their savings and actual money and it is not them who are moving towards becoming middle class, what are their advantages, you have to read the financial information to see those advantages.  You have gathered exposure, you have financial history, you can gain leverage, you can give him a loan, you are a little educated, you have gathered a little bit of technology, you have a little bit of knowledge, I am not a lot, you get a lot of calls, but I would say that you have gathered a little bit, so you have a hint here that  Can you organize those people, can you save money? For example, if I speak in native language, can you become that contractor? The suit-foot tea seller is becoming a very stylish English English style person.  People are becoming practical. I see that you don't have to become a driver but you can manage a punch car. You don't have to become a carpenter yourself but can you manage the manpower of 10-12 people and take some contracts. If you yourself get the idea of ​​interior designing.  Do n't go and pick up the pots yourself. Is it your type to be with the gardener? Are you as real as those below? Don't you just think that someone told me less that I have to go to a big building with glass. And there we have to stay within this and will get the post in the range of Rs 35-40000 because you people have to realize that every year there is a report of policy experiment for the middle class, every month 10 lakh children are coming in the job market, they are getting jobs and not getting them.  Now we are not talking about him, but he is getting old for the job, so what is happening about this so called job of yours in a suit and boot, if your salary is ₹ 40,000 then it is 50 rupees. If you go, then yours is increasing, when the same stage comes, some rocket science person is not doing any less, then a new kid comes and says, I will do this for less than Rs. 3000, now yours will be 60, so there is a problem that that one honorarium is very less.  He is very strong in coding and coding, he is a very specialist, he is a top five person, he has the skill set, he is not being discussed, no one has been able to discuss him, he is discussing which is roughly 80%, normal college.  Normal children, normal eyes, normal skin sets and normal replacement and where there is demand, there is a very high demand. Today, if I take the example of Gurgaon in a big city and if you look at Gurgaon, I feel it daily. And you guys from other cities also call the comment section of the plumber, no one is ready to come for minor repairs. 100 200 300 Have to beg for less than 400. It is a very ongoing friendship with the electrician or acquaintance or you can say, I will give you 300 for less than 100, it is a different matter, otherwise even he knows that it is small, he is so busy, these people are actually very very. Much and Demand: Can you become a service provider by typing with them? You can become a service provider to any society where you can make them a plumber, carpenter and all this and you can become your  Someone create a platform out of it and you take something of your own from it and you market it because till I am full of middle class, middle class children are qualified, you can do digital marketing to earn money in digital way, I am towards it right now because  I am in the digital space also, I will be holding, but in reality, a person with a destructive career has come to me, it will be a plant very soon, write down digital marketing, I want to tell one more thing to all the middle class families.  To the parents, your children who are getting ready are 15 16 17 years old, 14 years old, 18 20 22, 24 25 brother, please buy a house for them, a very small one, she can buy in lower class, she can buy  Will always give you rent and even when the lower class becomes middle class, they will keep giving rent. They can't take it. You can take it too. Don't play because it is a necessity. 1000% your child needs a house.  If it is for one room then it is for one room and for one and a half and for two and a half, I am not talking about paying two and a half to three crores but in a big city the smallest thing that is available is the ticket size in any big city from where you have any connection.  It is emotional, physical, financial, historical, cultural or jobs. Take any of the jobs. If you are a South Indian, then take the lower ones. If a North Indian, take the upper ones. If you are the best, then take the best ones. Ahmedabad, Pune, Mumbai. On this side, Honor Daily of top seven to 10 cities. Or  I provide a lot of information to the people by giving alternate, below you will find WhatsApp info group, full privacy, you cannot see anyone's number, you can join it, for information, find top 7 i.e. Delhi NCR, Gurgaon, Noida, Pune, Ahmedabad, Mumbai, Bengaluru, these cities. And a few seconds below these, select some cities, there will be more from North India, if you want to get information, if you want to do real estate education, then please join, there is no cost, there is no cost.  You will get information, there is no good morning message, no one can give any other message, I am only taking control, you will get information, some will be free, some will be very few trees, you tell me, your child does a job in Gurgaon worth 5 lakh 7 lakh, annual package 10  Invest lakhs, invest 15 lakhs, okay 20 lakhs and how are you sitting in a Delhi house which is worth Rs 500 crores and next year it will become worth Rs 5 crores. 25 lakhs will go down. There are many reasons for it going down. We will discuss them later. The amount of money your child earned in three years goes down in one year and all the savings are not there in earning. You know, if any, ₹ 100  If a person earns less then he can save no more than 50 ₹ 60. The higher the tax slab, the more he can save and if you earn less than 500000 then maybe you can save 2 lakhs. It is okay but if you earn less in that then the expenses will be more.  This is why savings will be less, if you earn more then it comes from tax, so middle class is the most confused class today because the rich people are not aware of their savings, registration is not being done, the man does not do the learning of new things, the big man does the buffoonery.  There are so many arguments among the middle class on Twitter or on social media about who is participating in meditation etc. Is it okay? No one can think that he will miss his bread and so on.  Whose stomach is very full and he knows the plans ahead, he is punching on his plans, the rest associates the word like with middle class, reduces fatigue, anxiety is stress, its difference and he associates these  With words like any bahasbaji ho aap jo meditation I will do this to me today I will leave a small hint in between Astrology and Meditation and all this Kam Dham is not for  D. Common man and witch is middle class. It is for extremely extremely extremely rich and intelligent people. At list 2, it is both the things and if the intellect is not rich then it is necessary to be intelligent. Mostly people are extremely intelligent. There is a lot of confusion which  I had taken up astrology and had made one or two videos using it. I had told them that I am not able to understand it right now because I have to read it from the audience.  The core audience that has been associated with me for one and a half years, they understand everything, I know them by name, those who comment, the new audience that has just added 2 lakh subscribers, thank you, this is now a new model to increase.  The people of the boarding bus will come, what is this chadhenge bus and what is this, first of all I don't know from where the bus is leaving nor do I know where it is going, it just comes and goes and the bus runs away. Okay, so brother, this patient belongs to those who have patience.  There is some patience because if you don't have patience then you become a patient. You are fine, you should have patience to understand the thing and I repeatedly tell people that we have to do our own operating software because if there is a long pearl book, there are 395 more in it.  You had a lot of fun in 200 pages. In 201, if someone distracts you in the video, then you will be deprived of reading 202. You don't enjoy joking in 201. Go away because you  You will go, you will follow other big and good YouTubers, there are not many good people, they are telling very good things here, but you will neither understand all the things nor will you like them, sir, it is okay because if  If you follow Sanatan Dharma then everybody in India in the third video din bolta hoon ki everybody has you live with their on truth also comfortable matching with your  Truth comes again for the middle class that I want to explain something, I will tell you three-four things, you tell me which of them seems logical to you, which do you agree with, it is okay to tell by 1234, if you can tell in writing also then it will make it interactive. Because this type of plant also has a lot of things about the top cities, so I told you the solution, you will get the WhatsApp group given below, join those of top 7 cities and top 10 cities. Do it and passively look at him passively, what is happening, okay, that has happened to him, communication with another thing, I want you to do something, what I have, the experiences are very popular, good and I have a lot of love for him, in the end too, we are together sometimes too.  Will do something but no, it is not very important to learn English because for the sake of affiliate marketing, you send English courses, it is very important to learn English and make communication English and something.  Then he says that brother, you learn your Japanese, you learn German, you German, run away to Japan, I will try to tell everyone one thing here, tell me friend, either tell me, India has to do well, it is the fastest growing market, if ours is the fastest growing market.  And we all will die with arrows in pumpkins, Indians and it is being felt and being told and people outside also say, then what is the need to go out and recession is happening outside, go out and stop them and all that.  We have to do things right and the lower class has to be reduced. I am adjusting the middle class. Here, our lower class people, who are doing less here, should go there and reduce the quality of life.  If their skill set is there, then it is understandable that what a middle class person will do by going there, tell me, will he work exactly with his hands or will he work with his brain?  We will know what is the need, a lot of problems are being created between our government and the rest of the governments, the workforce may be very good, the population is increasing, the children are learning, after completing their ITI, go away from here, I am not addressing the people of that level.  I am actually addressing the middle class, whose parents are a little rich, middle class, officers, group pe group, bikulat hai and good search, their mother is doing a job. And their typical middle class mind set is adjusting them because they cannot go for such work and no one, neither in India nor in India, is telling them to do anything but reduce it.  I am saying that communication is important but brother, should I say receipt or should I say recipes, it is okay like many people say me in English, you don't say general, you say general, oh brother, have you understood, right? You are correcting me, so you know.  It happened that I wanted to say this, I said this, then you came to know that I wanted to say this and its spelling is correct, by checking the spelling like this, where will you go friend after becoming so good in English language?  If he commits 50 mistakes in Hindi then all his blood is forgiven. Donald Trump, by doing this he speaks names, that is, he is not called by name, it is okay for the people, he is okay, we laugh that it is granted, the poor guy does not know this and  We are fighting among ourselves in the whole English. We are fighting among ourselves whether it is not so or not, he wants to speak like this and the pronunciation is not session but noun and thavval. Why are you learning the vowel by doing it like this, why are you giving so much stress? Yes, I am telling you no.  We should learn their culture then we will hamarientify then we will go then we will learn Japanese we will learn this we will learn this nobody is ever going you will be interest rate no communication nothing you do  Pronunciation I want to learn communication from my side. Tell me one thing people. Is my English very good? I don't speak much Hindi or Gujarati. Well, I know a little bit of that too. My Haryanvi is good. I know it but is my communication bad?  It seems to you people that communication is something, you people are already okay, there is an app, I will also give you the link, download it, whenever I do it in 5-10 days, you will come to know and I will definitely do it for me. Completely connected to the ground, see the practical video also. My feeling is that it is implementable, I don't like Hawa Baazi at all, I don't like Hawa Baazi at all, whatever is happening because I am such a consultant, I know, I tell you, there are things for people, you do it.  These things which work in real world become case studies and I tell the same thing, I tell the same thing, Hindi is the language, Hindi, Marathi, whatever is your language, Tamil, below.  Keep your language as it is, thinking should be right, tell the waiter how you wish, food should be prepared, if it is not right, the content is not right, speaking, what is it, then if it is not the same, then its communication date, speak, how do people learn the same, you will stand like this and speak, you will speak like this.  Then you should say like this, you should say that, what should you say to the child, I do n't know whether he has the right to keep it in him or he doesn't know what is there, I have taught him everything else and then say become confident, hey brother when  Your words will have power and people will give you a knowledge. Brothers and sisters, confidence will come on its own. Tell me, it will come, it will not go, you will tell me. It is very important to learn this communication, digital is very important, leverage is very important because in 142 crores,  Retirement is a matter of different things but it is not being quantified. 9 chemistry shops opened in Kakra. I came to know that 9 lakhs are required to open a chemistry shop.  Lee Chemistry because I have just opened up everything, anything works in India there brother, you will need to know five six seven tensile sets and different things because if you go into something and it works then there is so much population there, so many people will come and  Will beat the business itself. For example, I have four accounts and brother, if the money is less, all my uncle 's son, uncle's son, I also want his, I am a lawyer again.  I, I, all the architects, they all pay so much, come and go and then the corporates, the big owners, the people in suits, they say OK, now they will reduce my supply and there is so much supply of doctors in everything these days.  A doctor whose father has opened a clinic and has opened a nursing home is a family doctor. The doctor is running in the family, he is making good money and the rest, I am giving you an example by becoming a doctor, no, we have to do something.  Hey brother, what kind of a person have I become? I don't want to become one, but the focus in doing that is not to focus on more money because it seems that if I become a doctor, then I am at a loss. If I become this, then I am at a loss and whereas. This is what I am telling you, in the middle class you can become anything, there is no nickel because there is no scale, you will remain in the middle class and this one who is coming from the bottom, is coming like a rocket, he has no idea. they don't care  In his career of less than seven years, which started at the age of 18, in just 25 years, this brother has tried 7, 8, 10 ways of reducing and he also does three different types of reducing in a day.  If someone is doing it then his exposure and flexibility is very high which is the rigidity of the middle class, I am talking about breaking this rigidity, remove this rigidity from the mind.  It is very important to tell me what kind of video you liked and we have to talk about it more openly, no, what should I do, because I am getting so much consultation, no, what career should we do, today a histrologist also comes, a normal career counselor also comes. I am telling you one simple thing, don't have a choice, what is the choice, what career do you want to do, who is inviting you, do you have a choice, ask you like this.  It is as if there is a buffer and there are 10 types of dishes in it. Which ones to eat, brother, tell me, should I eat these or am I hungry? Hey, who has given you the choice that you can choose without the connaught bechus, this is what I am saying and  As far as jobs and small businesses are concerned, the middle class has been created. You cannot say in a government job that you have to choose, there is competition everywhere else.  25000 will be available everywhere 25000 30000 small town 20 25 30 minutes post The man goes a little older maybe 30 35000 even if you are living in a big city then you are giving your opinion of the room if you want to eat and drink there then your petrol is the car  There is internet, such a situation is happening that parents come from 500 kms every month, fill their ration and water and then go and survive with a little money.  This is the condition of the people of 45-50, will the lower class people use less in the cooler or is it like now, the middle class people want all those things because whatever they left behind, it becomes their standard, LED TV, fridge, even a mobile phone.  Because of the good one, he has made his own expression. You know, there will be a lot of difference in the lifestyle of the same person earning Rs 40,000 in lower class and the same middle class child earning Rs 40,000. Because he is feeling that  He is entitled and he also feels that he has read a lot and he has not read it. Come on, he realizes that this too has been less. He feels that one day he will take a stool worth 4.30 lakhs.  This is what I am saying, you will not earn from IIT, this is not the slap of I am, which is not even of point van percent, it is not of 99.9, brother, you are not going up anywhere, this is what I am telling you because as soon as you reach 60.  If you touch 70, one of your own brothers will come, who is ready to do it in less than 40, 45 and you are not making any less money by giving a little training in one or two months.  If there is no major thing happening that can replace you, then you people will have to do something else and that is very important, so I hope you guys understood this video, please like and share. Thank you