Hello friends, again the topic is for middle class and foreign country settlement of kids. Whenever you send your child out or many people's children are going to Punjab Haryana where I bill this area, then it is visible a lot.  It is very visible in Punjab and Haryana and many patterns have been seen in my consultations and I am guiding privately. Today I am going to guide you publicly. This is a very important thing for you and you.  We have to spread awareness because mistakes are being made, before leaving you have to see that there is one aspect which has been missed, a very big aspect and due to that, chaos has spread in the lives of those children who are being suppressed because if you see the visa today, right?  How many are appearing from Canada, how many are appearing from Australia and how many are appearing from Punjab, Haryana, Delhi and this side. These are very high numbers, but they are not able to understand one thing, listen that when you are going out, what is the degree and  go with the skill set  Where are you staying and where and what kind of work will you do there? Mostly these people are doing the work below, who are involved in things like minimum dollar 10, 15, 20, 2 dollar per hour, they consider it a great achievement relative to India, they go out and do the cleaning.  The weather seems a little different to them and it seems to be tourism type, they get a little freedom, that is the freedom of a boy and a girl, who is hanged here and there, they get the freedom there, a boy and a girl enjoy alcohol, that feels good.  But if you live there then you are on shed basis, you are in a room with Chutku, so what if you are not earning much money, it is better than here, here, what was Munda doing, at least he is earning something and eating.  If he is drinking then the logic is right but that his 20 will be gone 22 23 24 25 26 Marriage is not happening as soon as he gets married, beyond the work he is doing, he is not earning enough money to call his wife and children.  Once the child is born, he also buys a house and lives decently in the house, gives good decent education to the child, it is very expensive, so the IT people who go for 2000 000 and more dollars, the cut off is different for every country.  They are earning more than that, they are living decently and with respect, the rest are going there and becoming truck drivers, now what is the biggest problem, I am the lower class of India. Actually go out because their skill set is not there, they don't have anything, they can't even do anything and if they do that work there then it is fine and there they will always have a sense of achievement and they will call their family members and have children.  Everyone will struggle and everything will be fine but they are not going, they are struggling in India only, they are having passion and are happy in India only. 30 40 50 600 Hajj after coming to the big city.  Somehow they reach the lower class, those who come from the poor class, they have got a mobile phone in their hands, they have got some clothes, they have got a motorcycle, they have a great sense of achievement in that, so in India, a lot of India and India are acting differently. Now these people who are going out are saying that they cannot do these things in India because the relatives here will make fun of them, hey, you do this, they are ready to do anything after going out, but their life does not progress anywhere. That's the middle class there. India's middle class is not ending up as a lower class in foreign countries and it is not an achievement that is the message which I want to convey to everybody. You have very high medical expenses. There are no medical expenses on salary because  If you are in your 20s then you think that these are expenses, but the moment you get married, they become expenses and the child is born.  You have to do this, your wife is ill, then when you get married, there will be a requirement for the parents to come and go, now you are living there alone, somewhere in the middle of Lapad, you have shed a room and are living cheaply at 200, 100, 200, 300, 500.  If you buy it, you will have to pay money to your parents, will you have to stay with your wife, will you have to stay with them, do you have any future?  Have to see the future also and then say no, I will do 5 years or 6 years and then I will come to India. Hey, you are not earning so much money that you will become a tycoon by coming to India. There is someone earning there with fresh skill set who can help you by coming to India.  A, the work will be done and the experience is not like that, you went there with a very good degree, worked in a very good company, there you got a lot of stamp on you and your experience became international and you were in India.  You have come by doing this, the aarti is being performed on T3. Come on, you have come by doing good. You Saajan Ghar Aana type songs are being played. NRI people, this is not happening, you were working with such nonsense there, now you have come to India.  India also does n't seem so great because you don't see cleanliness, you see commotion, you see traffic, you were liking some things there, okay, I am eating apple, I am drinking water, I am doing this, I am doing this.  go people All of us know that those of us who have gone as tourists have also gone, it is okay but they are not earning so much money that they can survive there and go up there, nor can they earn so much money that they can survive.  If you come to India and do something, then it is just like a struggle and a Dunky picture will also be made on this theme. Okay, what is happening, how are you going to die, I feel like Shahrukh.  has been and will be such a picture that I Indication comes, okay, I review the picture a lot and watch it with a lot of society and today this cinema is being made in such a way that people should be raised about the issues of today, this is a big issue, okay.  So why are you leaving anyway, you have no plans for future life, right now I just don't feel good here, nothing is happening here, so just go out, uncle's son is gone, my uncle's son is gone, he is gone, my uncle is gone.  has gone he called  Uncle's Hey brother, don't go like this, do n't go like this with your face raised, there is time wasted in five, seven, seven, eight years. You will probably stay here. If you had stayed here, it would have been better to stay here. We are still on the third position in the par pari par purchasing, we are like this so much.  Gone is not the work done, it means don't go into it in absolute sense, look at the expenses, don't think about how much you earn, look at the expenses, look at the quality of life, it is very good there, the country is very good, but you live in a substandard room, a shed.  The bathroom is yours, there are heating issues, there are cold issues, there are food issues, who will count? The country is very nice, so which five star hotel are you staying in the country or are you staying in a great apartment or a sexy place?  It is good to accept that you have been granted a grant in India, at least if you were living in a small town, you were living in a room above the roof, where you were enjoying your life by sitting on phone calls. And some time there was cleanliness, mom was there, food was all good but now he taunted her and doesn't do anything, hey, it's better than this, this phone is running away by doing something like this, okay isn't this video a little too long? I would like to do this because sometimes it feels like you will hurt some people and I do n't know but people will you know identify with it what I'm saying what I'm seeing and I see a lot that is my  Profession: Get up and observe the world at different levels, what is happening in the world, brother, what is actually happening in India, what news channels are showing in the media is not right, what is actually happening and this is happening with so much effort.  If you have to go there and wash your shorts and vest yourself, do you have to wash them or will you keep the maid there? You are earning so much that you will keep the maid there, it is okay, then you have to clean the house and also cook the food yourself.  When you don't get married there, then you eat burgers and burgers from outside, there too, big Indians and Pakistanis keep them ready, with their skin open, the marriage will take place, then a small baby will also come to the house, otherwise they will not do it.  We will do it with you or the girl there, which means there is no need to even think about how it will go on, how will my household expenses be managed, how will I have children, how will I survive, how will my wife be a worker, ok, very nice, very great idea, wife is here.  As a working woman, you were making a living alone, now you are making a living and there is a struggle, and as soon as your wife relaxed, she said after delivery, I have to work a little less or call my parents or increase the size of the house.  At the same time, you start thinking that now let's go back here, let's go this way, I am getting a lot of consultation from people on this, that is why I am telling you that many people are unhappy, it is not just that the topic is very relevant and I think about it.  I am bringing it and you are making a lot of impact. Do n't go to a foreign country with your face raised so quickly. If there is a respectable job there, make good money, have good qualifications, get a good stamp, get a good all by all message, go there, don't do the small work of the British.  Go friend, you look at what the people who have come to your country are doing like this and you are getting up and leaving what they are doing. Why are you leaving? There is slavery, there is freedom, what freedom will there be when they go?  If you have to do slavery, why are you not going, then go on a tour, earn a lot of money by working here, earn money in India and these people go, be a film star, stay in one country for six months, do something there in another country too, to earn money.  But we are not going to go like this with our mouth raised, there should be a plan, we are earning money here, we go there to travel, we also earn money and also network, I am not doing that to a foreign country, have fun, it is important to go, but don't be such a slave.  Don't go and get a visa of that country, apply this, extend this visa, extend this visa, how many Indians are being exploited even in IT, those who do not have a green card and whose visa can be extended and who have sucked the blood of their employer.  And from morning to evening, Saturday Sunday, everywhere, my brother, please extend it, this is a life, you have to take a call, it's okay, if you got it, then what did you get and what else did you lose?  Yours is this is an aspect I wanted that people should fear. It's not so rosy picture. You got up and went away. Okay, those first few years will pass, but what will you achieve in life. Here too, now those parents say, 'G'  Here this lover used to play like this, he used to spend the whole day in his mobile doing things like this, someone does like this, there is something better than this, thank you very much