That Hello friends, Welcome to Family Series Video Number 6, in the beginning I will talk about this controversial thing which will seem controversial to many, Essay for Teenagers, the Indians, especially the North Indians, are broken, my research is complete on them and I approach them in different capacities. Call the research 2246 boys or girls men, whatever you want to call them, call them 20 to 40 years old people who are under a lot of stress. Because of parents, because of job, because of not getting a job, because of relationship issues, or because of boss, I have created a lot of stress on these things. Those who are life hacks cannot be awarded. That is not even in the hand but what is in the hand is the parents, they are the original production factory, how can anyone give stress to their own original machine, then this video will touch those things.  I am going to start with the topic, Mindset regarding parents' property, what is the child's tax, what is gender, male or female, it is a very interesting topic, just to bring this topic, I join hands with you all and like this movement. I am not telling this whole topic just to be heard and I am asking for likes from you just to bring such a topic that such things should be discussed in the society. If no one is doing it then I am asking for likes on the left.  I am waiting for you all to like it. If you are watching the channel Paisa Forward, then subscribe to this video. You can fry a lot with such topics, so let's discuss. Yes, there can be five types of combinations. Normally, it is okay.  It is okay at the time of one boy and one girl. One is a boy and no child, one is a girl, two boys are two boys, one is a boy-girl. This is a five combination. Here there are three children. Out of them, the combination of boy and girl is the same.  If it turns out then they can be called boy or girl, that is very rare in today's times, that's why I am going with these five, okay, so stay connected till the end, first of all I will discuss in this the inertia of boy and girl, we are sister and brother, there are parents.  The approach has been seen that looking at the property, the daughters are not being given property, it is not being given even in 2021, notice before 1997 6 that we will not discuss, I have to ask the society that the girl born after which date should be given the right to society.  Can decide whether to give fifty control as to where it is at the moment or will I touch it. Earlier what used to happen was that there was a land, it was village land, something used to rise from the village land and grind it like it used to move, that land was  Gotra issues were of the village, this was a North Indian typical example, it was not given to an outsider, it was either the boy or the girl whose name it was, then there was something to study among the brothers, the girl was given things from Praveen. Marriage  But it was given to them, let's say gold, it was given, according to me, in those times, still, at least at some level, some development was hidden, whatever element she was, some element of it was given, mother too, that guest daughter.  Have you ever tied this too? Dam Hi Hi How Many Few Understand This Term. Tied it okay. Acid is a loosely used word. She gave a gift of mince. Basically it is okay. She has children. She has given something. She has just given me a suit. Sometimes. Gave her saree, first give her time in the evening. In her in-laws' side, that daughter was considered a tight and she was treated like this, she was given mother for this, so it is said that from the same produce, now we will give you something too.  Life used to go on and it was fine, but now it is no longer a village, I am catching the middle of the audience, I have come to Delhi, Gurgaon, you are in big cities, there is a flight ahead, there is a plot, there is no shop, now there is only such work left in it, isn't it?  that he  The village system was that the villagers will not do potatoes, this is also a thing for you, you can see, you can give 50% of this, you can give some part, you can give some of this, then why are you not discussing this, why did you tell the sisters?  Every time during Rakshabandhan, WhatsApp is sent and the sister wants only the love of her brother and her mother's house, because why does the sister want only love, why doesn't the brother want only the feet, why can't the brother survive with love, then is there any cutoff that?  after 1994  Whether they were born in 1993 or 1968, this expense had not yet been spent on their marriages, because even if the marriage did not take place, do not spend it. The second argument given is that the boy will take care of you, the parents will take care of the father.  The money will be taken care of and the doctors will take care of it. It should be clear that there is no need to discuss it. Many people are losing what they have on death. Okay, I feel that Raja Ram Mohan was a social reformer.  There were social reforms in Roy. The public was illiterate and illiterate. If someone was educated, he would say something. If someone understood, things would happen. Questions would not be asked. If the society could understand, today we are educated people. I am one of you.  I am not educated, this thing is very gray in my [ __ ], people, you have to listen, I do n't know how many lots of ITIs and professors of the world, of how many levels, why in today's time it is not difficult to do social reform.  It has become impossible and there is no incentive, I have brought this topic in this topic but I will be forced to pay Rs. 23 thousand, ok and this is what I have taken, Mar Ji, which paint and which expressway vs golf course extension 50,000 reviews means which I made while sleeping.  I can ask my husband to get 50,000 views on them and who, after understanding a little, awakening his consciousness and thinking with a little courage, because I too am a judge of mine too, my friend.  There are relatives and family members, that topic is worth lakhs, it is your responsibility, that is why first I had accepted the likes, now the second thing is being told that it is your responsibility to forward this video, discuss the entire tea on groups, the video may be a little long but you should forward it. Now let's move ahead, sir, neither your son nor your daughters will take care of you, this is not a matter of confusion, who knows, there is a queen in between, there is also a son-in-law in the middle, this is a lot of permutation combination of life, the son has gone abroad, I am a classical  While introducing the study, tell me a small example from which I got a temperature and let's add that a case of my committee's same area in the area between Rohtak and Jhajjar came to me in consultation, in which there was a son in the family and  There is a daughter, both of them are married, so there was some trouble there, then it came to this, the daughter has got married, the child has got in the son's marriage, daughter and son have got it. Doctor on Only One Tiles Now Mother Daughter Hails to Children Convention Navodaya Ghar Grandmother Head's wife She comes and sees me, she doesn't leave anyone else and this property was the property of so many families, Raghava Properties and Subscribe, so there was tension that this too  If he goes to his daughter then what would have happened to him that people are thinking like this, I have described what to do, consultation, his subscription is a blessing from above.  You will do so differently but it will be a topic of discussion only then I will discuss his study but the question again comes back to give or sisters only need love, is it from suit or gave this ring worth two to four tola, sometime see this, let's settle them due to conflict.  Because there will be a lot of fast in many places of end sister property, then people say look at the special property under the law, the law is in its own place, unless something is accepted by the society, that thing is not available to you, you want daughters to go to. Go to get what is this YouTube channel and in that also you will get trapped in the technical tips that if you sold the property and made it in your name, then it belonged to the father, whose property was it, how will you change it exactly like this, somewhere in the plot of Vida, science of Karol Bagh and  The father bought this same 5 crore flat in Gurgaon, he did not buy it from that plot and he also invested his money in it and also took a loan. Now this property is technically lying in the hands of nine of you, so you can comment on it.  It is not easy, the day if Aadhya decides in any combination that she will not give me this child, then she becomes a wife, in order to take that thing, the man does not even have relationships and does not get anything, but we have such a society.  We have to see how much we can give. The role of brothers is very clear in this, only then I am telling this 2018 generation, if you are interested in Shivling, whatever is the thinking of your parents, favoriteism or whatever. You leave it, in many cases the opposite also happens, in many cases what is the son and the daughter-in-law do not get along at all, the day of the breath and the breath beats for the daughter and a little attention, if there is a tight schedule then the son-in-law is like this, daughter.  She also looks cute, she doesn't look cute at all, so what is the son's fault in this? Tell me, in this you are busy in starting the son that I will do it for you. Let's do this combination playlist when there is only one girl or there are only two girls.  The mindset there is that we should increase the proper volume because we have given up our fast and we will give you one crore, we will give you 50 lakhs, we will give you 2 crores in cash, you do n't make it just like that, you do n't realize that the great grand in Adams is  Cheekh's name will be written, this was the surname, why should you get upset with it, I tell everyone, you have been there for fifty five years, your daughter is between 25 and 30 years old, okay, she will be married.  And you are getting angry in this because of your decision, okay then you may have to die in 1958 and your wife who is four-five years younger to you dies and if she dies later, then by planting the story of 4045 now, you will not earn anything.  So the ad of Rs 10 lakh has been made, after 20 years, Sahib, you will come back after eating food, for this time, you will have to make ads in that, now you will have to make your own plans to steal. No one has left the circle, he is leaving the son's daughter, daughter's daughter, some have some uniform combination, you can write your articles soon, so all the people who are from childhood to 60 years, 65 years old, are about to retire, they are going to take care of their child.  Don't play games according to gender, even if your children will move to the country immediately, you have to live, now who will look after this property for you? Property management companies are going to come in the future like Uderolal, whom they  Hey like it is Axis, big star politics has started, big time coming will give you rent for 11 months, we will keep it for 1 month, you do n't need to see anyone, your rent for 11 months of the year is assured and some such system for 1 month will come.  If you see in the episode, now you have only a girl and she is of 2 minutes, you make acid in her, go on this matter, we will take this son-in-law, whoever will go by the surname, I am Verma, this is Sharma, do not put in these cycles.  No one's name, skill, will be remembered by me. All the people you are listening to are elderly, there is a mystery in a hundred years, every badi, forget every badi, okay, you definitely remember Mahatma Gandhi, Abraham Lincoln, Pandit Nehru, if you are at this level then you probably remember.  If we keep them, maybe they too will be remembered less after fifty-sixty years, maybe their relevance will reduce, we are not going anywhere near them, so in life we ​​will have this name, this boy, this girl and this  Don't put it in cycles. Approach the night where there is a boy, somehow keep it together, make the appointment of acid like this, make different sets, you make different sets that you here first, we will take the pass, we will take it with three seeds.  It is to be remembered on this day that without an independent unit, there is no sleeping, which is the first condition of the guys sitting with the 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 year old girl of You Will Surprise, that even if you Like, like, say anything, it is like that, like, share and I am telling the relative of the society, no girl prefers her today, if you look above her status, if her level is below then it is compulsion, then what can you do, but whatever  There is a level of family, that family is saying that when the boy has to become an independent unit, he has just got the allotment letter, it will come after four years, he has taken the loan, immediately name the girl after her. Transfer the loan, a continuation, ok, now it comes, so boys, where there are two boys, what happens between the two boys, there comes the arrival of only inches to equalize, my earlier videos have been made on this also that one boy is a little weak and the other one is a little.  If it is above then where is the need of God above now, we will put all of it here and hence you will bore lifelong troubles to both your children, here I am, you had sent this one to school and this matter was yours and had sent You two have to see this  Opportunity is given to both of them, luck is there, hard work of both of them is there, you have to break the scales equally, what is their collusion with each other, what is their love for each other, understanding and let this boy say ok, I am elder brother, as if elder brother is Nitya younger brother, there can also be a combination.  It is from the letter that my heart is beating brother, that love will remain, you guys are mixing your poison like this.  This one which I told you, how much poison are you spreading, write in the comment section how much you all agree. Hi, I want to note that I used to say one word comment, in this video I want to three line tax law to refer to connect.  If you have watched the video till now then it is a request to you that whatever I have discussed is happening in the society itself, you have to quickly share it by commenting that please all friends Peeperhua Babbu. 5500 They all play this game, this is called family power dynamic, this cable, politics is not played at the national level, it is played at home, whatever is played at home goes to the top, then this is power dynamics, who says hello, who does who, who passes.  It will be useful for me and then for me and then periods, now you don't solve this, in the early 16th, when you set up an ATM and you are already four, you have spoken so much poison. And in the midst of your Shivalinga, when they are fighting and then you say that we will be friends, husband and wife, we have become friends and parents because you were the first one to think of something like this in your mind, but on the wrong play in that mind, you get cold water.  I want to pacify them, but most of the parents I see are coming under the wrong impression that their children are coming because of the Prince, but because of their busy jobs, this project is going on in their lives. i will again  The people of Repeated 2248 and their parents do not need as much knowledge as the people of 2240. It is with a lot of research and responsibilities that I did not move forward like this, I am that old people, it is okay, I would have killed the garbage young generation too.  I am fine, it is very wrong, it means wrong, I will not say many things to him, but his reaction is not that bad, how is it, yes, it seems fine, you are speaking fine.  Yes, this is the older generation, very rapid test is urban and the result and erection will also be sent there by the diseases of reduced urban, whatever happens, that kind of end witness will come. If you do not believe what I have said, then you will only have to know about your  Whatever you do in life, you should survey 20 people for your relatives, acquaintances, parents, how many are happy with their children and some are happy with their faces. You will see all of them in the park.  As soon as people scrub, they will see that my daughter is like this, my daughter-in-law is like this, my son is like this, my son-in-law is like this, no one says Namaste like this, they don't do this, they have to relax, this is the amazing story, so don't be and what is the result, if you like this video then share it.  Will do and they will show the thirst that is there and they will show the interlock that brother, come on, you have the correct script, now what to do, a video will be made on that too. I have made it very clear to you guys about these five mindsets of property. Do it in the end, please give share to the girl also, what does the law say, the law is absolutely right, it had its place, but you have to give Raji Khushi the feature, this thing is not possible at all, Bhikkhu Practical Research Right to Make Gift 561 List Behind Cow Noise Children Alarm Note Date Depend Greedy Tube Will take out the skin of the hair so soon Egg Longest Thick Thick This is equal but if you think that if you see four suits for your daughter, you will do that in a year, we will say son also Navyug.  It's School Now And Please Like Subscribe Share Thank You