What happened was that Hello friends, Welcome to Money Mindset Series Video 2. Today's topic is Memory Stick Living and Festival Gifts. Normally people set minimalistic limits while living tight, how to save time and spend time in less things. My tab as always. My definition on this is different, it is also a little different according to me because I believe that by saving money neither one becomes very happy nor one becomes rich.  If it is, then I don't think that saving a lot of money is beneficial. According to me, the tickling created is that you reduce one letter in your life, so that is why you are sitting with your wife while watching the video. Decide how many shirts I should have. You decide how many shirts I should have. Parashar is mine. So if you come tomorrow morning, it's a holiday, weekend and everything else, then you have 18 shirts, so where are 6?  They are coming to Jaipur, they have got spoiled on their own, you have been wearing this figure for six-eight months, you yourself decided that it should be 12815 Ghanshyamdas, but once again you decide, you are a 40 year old person, listen, 45 Then next year those shirts may be less, but you will never keep more than this. If you ever buy a new shirt, then make the mistake of downvoting for the whole purpose. I am not saying to live in the ways. It did not say that do not spend money, I am this ₹ 1, if a new shirt comes then the old one will go and that figure you have decided, decide this year, next year it may be less, it may remain the same, so this formula has been adopted in the same way, the trousers are the same in the past.  Formula madam people those ladies who are watching tell us apply this on account sheet TV 12 minutes to three rooms four bed sheets room juice people bar read hiss desperate whatever are the chillies  For example, if the bedsheet is spoiled, then she will go for some trophy but if she quits, then she will have to get out of the beating. In this way, you will control the hanging in your life. Another thing that many people will say about this is not measuring the old clothes, wear more than the best ones.  My side has shifted a little but my size is yours. Many people have also kept their clothes due to this size issue. Please tell me how many clothes have you people kept due to this infallible reduced size. Hey, if this will work for you then do n't buy it from the side.  take her her  It means that you have kept it high up in the power in the briefcase, somewhere in the truck, kept under the bed, it takes away your energy, this kind of respect also adds stress and the other.  What I am telling especially for men is that being a little fat is very good for married life. I have seen 95% of maximum people who come to my marital counseling to be very healthy and thin men, so this is what I am saying.  After listening to all the fat people, please like this and subscribe. All the fat people are okay, don't look if you are too fat, it is a curse, okay but a little because this fast is telling us the weight and height, I do n't know what.  Considering the times, India has become a very prosperous country, so 5 kg should be given here anyway, okay, if you are a little fat in this, then don't discuss it, it is for ladies or ladies.  I buy my saree, then how will my daughter buy it when she grows up, then I keep it with care, her place gets changed, she leaves the house, she becomes completely useless, she becomes a reed and I go to this woman.  It also means that you will have to maintain them on an express basis. When your daughter grows up, she will still have wealth and fashion in the country. She will not buy it. A man is very sentimental. If this is what you are after, then it is okay. But people have  Wedding sherwani is kept in it, it means anything can be measured only when the daughter is coming, it means it has been signed in the department too but it has no side effects but it is kept in it, it is okay, if you get affected by it, it means by then it will be someone else's.  You should remove all these things, they take a lot of energy from your life. Look at these things and write to someone about minimalistic living. I am sitting here, it was just household things, utensils like that, technological like comment has come.  The old technology that was there will be in the trees, it does not have a factory, that too remains, the old laptop, the old phone, that too and the new one is also being bought, the old one is not charging much, it is okay with you, these things are called you.  Don't keep it all, they take your energy, they take Lakshmi, then they are money minded, they have set reminders, this makes the money yours, so this edge is to be minimalistic about materialistic things and look at other things, whereas in investment I am  I see people have 30 portfolios in mutual funds, 35 35 ports, keep these separately, I have written three to four different names of different fund houses, I am a big fan of Pandya Maximum, it's okay, you people take Safi to you so much. No need to take much, total our box is around 6000, only 600 investment uniform debit, the rules and regulation what should be their market cap in 600 stocks g3000 funds, so many funds have been burnt, there is so much confusion about it, choose a good fund house and grab one lakh from it, you are admitted in one, grab it, this is the fundamental, son, to get hold of Kush, you have to take three to four funds, you have to take more than that.  If you are taking then there is no benefit because a Muslim invests in 50 to 70 companies and if the company repeats in it then someone will take your diversification Yuvraj Diode WRWR and diversification and  If it is okay then don't do it. Okay, in the same way, invest directly in Trilok shares. In your diet, 40 40 50 50 60. Someone told me. This one told me not to do porn. If you want to buy more shares than that, then you should not invest. It is better if you apply for the bumper draw of Mahalaxmi Lottery because you do not have any investments because you have 10 companies, 5 to 6 sectors in each sector.  One or two companies, Katrina investment, what can you do by applying for so much money, no monitoring is done to give license, slip did not come from David, eat from which company, monitor, get express evidence, money, you have to buy plants, you have to pay water, see, you have to monitor.  No one knows how to do this, if you buy fifty plots, you can give water to 10, then you will die, then they would say that we bought more because we knew that so many would be built, oh brother, you put there acts in all this.  Basket and was tagged very carefully so don't do so much diversification that I have taken 50 creative venture fund also buy 50 in shares also keep buying my ko basically in English volume minimum time pass many people these shares and mutual funds Because raising money in real estate is visible to the whole world and what are you playing with in Mutual Fund demand, your bike comes to know and someone else comes to know that a share  Only when you gain 50 weight, you all beat the drum about it and wherever that company is on the list or turns out to be a gift, will they ever tell me what happened to this company, that is why you yourself have to be minimalistic, do your study of them completely.  You have to know that company well, their product issues, geography are not all on their annual reports, you have to see the balance sheet, you cannot do at one point tank of more than 10 companies, in this also that shirt  You have to adopt the formal one that is my picture, if I want to buy one, then this friend of mine should be in your mind, then this thing which I have told about the material inside Mystic Living because I am telling about the same thing for investment, so now we are next.  Second Topper Kiss Gifts Like Diwali is coming, this is your operation, we give up our tips and we also meet, first I will talk about meeting, many of us many times go to such positions that we  People leave a lot and they come to give gifts throughout the year. The option is to show Yogi's face once or twice and he will come to greet him. Just like in olden times people used to come to the king and keep coming with tips about Shaktipat.  Different small emperors, our own small nobles, small kings of different kingdoms, all three are fine, they are brilliant for tampering, it is fine, so it does Play Store and  Makes favorite playlist, appoints in PCs, appoints in many institutions but everywhere tells that this is a person of my use, I have to do this, what is this matter, he is bringing us a shift in India, we take pause from him.  Even if we understand it, we should be very careful in this, it is not for us to take it, if you believe me five percent on this then we should not take it at all, this will help us understand our karma, what else is there, we are interested in having children, this can be yours.  is and field By using this gift in your life, you may suffer huge losses up to Rs 1 lakh 2 lakh 35. If you suffer more losses than this then it is okay not to give any gift more than this. Right now the economy is not doing so well that you should gift more than this to any person because more than this  Will do 2 Prime to him that it will come in the definition ok so no one was doing more than this, I am worried about this, this is the situation in this, do you ever get electronic items from anyone, you are enhancing Rahu, ok electronic items in festivals kitchen. gift from someone  Don't give gifts to each other, to husband and wife, to children, to parents, in blood relations, anything can be taken, that feeling is different, emotional love is okay, there is a lot of loss, friendship is that blood relation type, take anything, drink anything.  There is no hindrance but you are giving 20 rupees to a person, I am also aware of why you are going to someone in the same way, you should not do this but if still because of you then it is spoiling the Imami.  This is our business, those lines are the customers, even if you talk like this, you will also know the solution, don't just tell me the problem that you will not be able to do it, how not to do it, you should do it for the first time and not without, according to me, even if you have to do it, Gold is Jupiter, okay, his soul is full of gold, he himself is gold, Gold is Seth, okay, so he will eat 4 grams, the budget of two grams of cow's fifth, I don't know, a little is going on on the golden basis, now you are on diet, this is  Cutting the lineage is another thing Abhiyan whose indiscriminate thing which I will tell in the last is very important in this video, you will understand it carefully and you will definitely follow it IT Support We provide this sweet these days in the hope of finding dry fruit in Nagpur.  It is Saturn, it is heavy, don't take it and when you watch this video, give it a minute, mute it very easily, it is bad for sweets outside, we have to take some and eat it, oh brother, that's all I have to give.  If there is anything, you will make sweets at home. Tell madam. Madam said that immortals are not made after clay. Okay, I boys and girls are not able to make them, so learn them from the old ones. Learn them on YouTube. No, you cannot learn the mood to make them. So call a confectioner, he will make it well, the quality and purity will be good, it should be of yellow color, it should definitely be some sweet of democracy, make laddus, make laddus of gram flour and accept the same, tell me  Bring four laddus, I will accept it, no problem, bring 10, take it for me, do these things, it is very important, it is very important for prosperity, money mind is set, it is not easy, don't give out chocolates on Christmas, birthday. Take this opinion on Diwali, chocolate is colour, breakfast is chocolate, dry fruits are okay, these are these, these are these things, peas are required in our old culture, make this kheer, it is okay with that.  Make such things at home. Sweets are made at home. Jupiter is good. It is a request. All these things are good in your home. They brought processed things from outside and then made it food. There, then all the lights should be lit. Lord, we need them.  The side effects that come when you light lamps, if someone is Bigg Boss, then I will go to that side in a long video, I will not go to that side, the basic thing is this, tell me in the gas, if you are concerned about everything, then tell him or he is coming, call him.  all your people should come  Hello, if I want to come then please tell me brother, don't bring any dry fruits, first tell him and second and last thing, in the video, all the different tips you get, don't leave it, he gave this to me, extinguish it.  What do they do? I have caught this, I have this, the whole world does this. Yes, this is not right because if we do what the whole world has done, then being in front will be different. Everyone has some compulsion, issues, mental issues, issues at home.  from all this  If you lie, then it is the job of the channel to tell about such things which are normal, that is, everyone is doing it and we feel that it is okay, then avoid these things, do some hard work yourself, the things that husband-wife do with love while standing in the kitchen.  The energy that will come out of it will not be created, nor will it be used for the family like this. Now see how much speed I have given in this, I am running with money minded and if I go here and leave, then it will be like this in the videos. If anyone calls me classical then tell it in the share market. Tell me, I have so much interest in mutual funds. Hey, this channel support living good life, everything is required. You ca n't hold gas in your stomach, so I have shared shares and mutual funds sometime. So if you have any root in understanding all these things -  Is there any 20 correct medium expert, I would like people to write in the comments that Guddu would like that can't do, can't do, what can't be done, why not? If someone wants to understand a lot then it can be understood very smoothly in the open platform.  So you comment with me, I will also explain to you the logic behind this and please share this video Vikas, these things are known to you below because if you do not do then the world will watch this video of yours, whatever you expect, people.  They will come and go and forward it to everyone who is within our circle and don't care if someone is speaking wrong. Why are you speaking? What is the logic? Let me tell you. Disconnect the former Amazon WhatsApp. Then I will tell it. Okay, thank you.  vent