Hello friends, welcome to job series video number-12, 11 videos have been made, many are getting appreciated, the topic of today's 12th video is promotion is a curse, so I tell things a little differently, I come with a template, how much will you agree, please comment.  Write in the section ' Normally, the whole world is yearning for promotion. You know, so I have come up with a different take on it. There is going to be a change, a government job, a good corporate job, a job.  It should be fine and promotion in the job should be more light. Okay, so what is normal? Every person wants promotion. I have come up with the topic, promotion is not a curse, how it is a curse, we will discuss about it. Whenever there is a job, promotion is 22 23.  At the age of 24-25, any set up in any organization is fine, be it a corporate set up or your government set up, and when it comes to government, there are different levels of sleep in it. Depending on her performance and sun tan Government history Considered a time-bound How many years will it take for you to get promoted You must have passed your exams or at least There is a minimum criteria, if you clear it then you will reach this post, then more  Selection starts from Sir in the work and cooperation, the whole system is good from the very beginning, performance is quite good, so I want to explain to the audience that  Initial 15 years, power to promotion for your job and go for promotion is fine. Till 40 years, whatever promotion you get, try to take it as soon as possible. Do the work with great effort, do it well and learn very well and your  The world likes to play the game of promotion, but if after a stage of 15, 20 years of service, you are only looking towards promotion in life, then it starts following the law of diminishing returns, whatever you Google.  Understand by doing Islam what happens to Diminishing Returns is that for every incremental tribulation in your life the returns of the world come to you will not be commensurate in hence will turn free to you because it happens many times you will get messed up and many more  There is a problem in the system if you are not taking me, you have got a job for 15-20 years, now if you go for promotion, then those people who think that they are capital from the mess of job, will move fast. That in that track they feel that it is very depressing because they are moving fast, they stop at Rajdhani and move fast, so the Rajdhani which is a strike of carrier, they do not want to get down, they do not want to get on the goods train track while they are  Maybe there is more comfort and money and more quality of life in the goods train but the possibilities for most of the embroidery comes alike. Riding a Tiger Shop Don't go without Tiger meeting you in such a situation.  When you put all your body, mind and money into a job, you keep yourself alternative but you also give so much to the job that your personal relationships and networking, what is your network and money and share market and  Investment and that now takes a back seat, so you only have the decision to take up printing achieved in your life, you see job as the only way to grind and take the side of fame, so in that it is like  You will keep getting promotion when you go to Hare, so remember that you will become a big servant and you started as a small servant, you are becoming a big servant but you are a job, remember this thing, few people can do this, if I get hurt.  You understood that the only purpose is to take the country towards the west and towards happiness. My purpose in the channel is to tell people that I try to make you rich and try to make you happy.  I do something first and then the rich and then the rich and then the happy.  Or no one can ever be happy in a job, he cannot be happy even after retiring from a top position, because after that, after a year, he is at zero, all his sugarcane juice has gone out, then his yearning is for the government people to adjust in this committee.  Let me get married there, my friend, my employment will be set by my government and I will get 2509 extension somewhere. Quality of life is not there and you need that promotion which you get in your life.  You compromise on family, you compromise on health, you compromise on your happiness, that is too much, the golden age of any person in life is from 3738 255, no one ever tells this, today I am telling that people near the road think about old age which is 60.  After retiring after a year, it is not a golden period, remember, by the 37th, your children have grown up, their section 29 is to take care of their own food and drink. Riyasat ilaj White has started, he doesn't get irritated by this point, he accepts some of your words, you are ready to accept his, your body is working fine, you also have good money and even spyware, he is the last one.  In these 18 years, I have seen people sacrificing their lives for their jobs, thinking that if I reach there, my child, my wife or my relatives, I don't know how they will respect me and then I will call them as theirs. I will show that such a time never comes when people complete their 18 years of life, I have a different electronic chip, there is a big element in it, I will tell it in the store series or store winters, it cannot be done till thirty-six years because  The eyes are not open, 3600 are opened which is the activation of Saturn, in this 36th you can understand a lot but if you are sitting blindly that I want promotion in the job, brother, I am the next one.  When will I get a room When will I get an office When will my wife be there I am externally driven You 3536 Being cold is not a bad thing Because right now you think Them on the airplane What ever think actually matters New life If you don't know about them So every time you will get  Promotions You Will Find Where You Are Not Experienced You were below, you had become comfortable here, you knew how to do this work well.  If you have done the work well then you are told that now we will do this work, we take pride in it, whereas this recipe has to be added in my life, there is delay in foreign countries and I was like people, you don't take promotion even in India, now tell me. In SBI, I know many clerks or those in lower level positions who do not want to become managers, many teachers who do not want promotion even if they get it somewhere, Kusum has to leave her system. Whenever you get promotion, set time is over, you will not be made any more Jhala Adhikari at that place. If you get it then go there, there is a system of Jhapad, it is disturbed every time, it is always better. Now many people will say, you talk like Nazar, then promote us.  Click here, then I am here, the country is free, okay, I do n't think that anyone says that you should stop and do not forward but write down what the cost is, like the teacher had told, you are also putting the money of unit and stress on the return and get the returns.  are  If you have money then do n't just put the return in it. Unit on return and stress to see the money. So this is ours. Six bullets rotate and one can die in one, it is okay because it is an alternative part, nine percent.  How could an alternative story have been planted? That big mental model didn't say, "Okay, do n't run after promotion in the same way. This does n't mean that you should force someone to do something, so that you don't get upset, by the way, God." You are getting promoted, luck is yours and you are getting opportunities but unfortunately this is not happening. The competition has become so high in promotion in any department that only the person who is sacrificing his life can operate at that level.  Where the above ones are doing their set because the above ones too have done such a good thing then there is no increase in Scotland's semblance of good quality of life, it needs a holiday, go for a walk, this video should be deep. In this, I am telling from this point, I am not telling that, I will not talk about raw food security in this monologue, but you can write this in the comment section and convert your comment into a dialogue and tell other people about this thing.  We can tell that the competition has become so much that if you want to go home on time, you want your leave on time, you want to see your life in a work life balance, then it is not good for the people at the top.  It seems that they have never done this. Jha jobs are happening all over the place. Unfortunately, it has been the Play Store. Be it work in government jobs or in private jobs, the more a person improves his life, he will get the same rating mission and if you  You are sacrificing your life while crying and a sign is visible that your degree of difficulty will be increased every time. You reached here while sacrificing your life and you said, friend, you reached here that I will not sacrifice my life.  I will live life, there will be such a time in your life that it will not let you live, you will be picked up and sent to some cold post, then to stay on that hot post, you will again have to run like a treadmill, do not receive any wealth but  When she screamed loudly, it was expected that we would start this race and there would be so many people in this race that we should do them from a distance and focus on those things, focus on those things, like it and many good people, if you like it, then like me. Subscribe and whenever you are in a job, there is one or the other in it, do not shorten it, you will end it on retirement, it will end someday, all this has to come in the same compartment, the same question is in the same compartment, so till the time from here  Till then they have no value here and say in value here that now I was born, now I have become a vote, now I have become an elephant, you have to become the queen, now I have to become the king, it seems like a game of chests.  going on Like Song Yadav Restrictions in Life by Caste There is no need to give more than fifteen percent weightage to job in your life, if you give different weight, I will make a video on this, see, your help should also come in your son, ten fifteen percent should also come in yourself.  Then parents should come, wife should come, children should also come, some society should also come, different types should come, then investment, then money security, then business specific serious and share market gold.  I will make a bond subscribing thing roles video, so much is happening in the market, I don't know anything about it, I only know my job, rest I do n't know anything and then finally place number all over Delhi, we started life's OK ji Natha Singh and motion and achievement number.  Number one two: Relationship traveling will definitely have to be done. Today, if you want promotion, because you cannot do it by working, you will have to get married. In order to get happiness in the end, relationships have so many children. Also features: Yes, there is no template to get anything, no matter how good you are at your job, no matter how great an employee you get, your child can never benefit from your job. If you have reached BP here or you are a very  Reaching a high post in the government, your child has a storm from below, but if you are a lawyer from a truck, a smart chartered accountant, you have some work of your own, a system is running, a good architect, you are dreaming of something great, you have cooked that thing, your child. If you can give it to  This is the thing only you have to understand, what are you doing, if you are getting married in that job then it is good to give the job, this feeling of having one hand in government departments is the basic reason for massive corruption to a government servant, although it is normal, do not do so much corruption.  He wants but ultimately he comes to the realization that if life is gone then to make more worth, one day people will reach this sentence and most authentic and You will write in the comment section, if it is okay, then the girls are in corruption, they are also the ones who have started fasting, the salary is also cases, they have grown up in promotion, your salary is not increasing as much as the work is increasing, especially in government jobs. Your work will be tripled, your responsibilities will be due on 15th June and one increment of salary is given for each promotion. One gear is given to a government employee. He gets three percent promotion when he completes his basic salary.  He comes above him, one and below him, he gets promotions in him, he gets increasing and increasing in him, baking birthday and same thing like if at Howard's Law of Diminishing Returns, with this, when you get a bigger level, then he can get fired from a bad job and people who  Very soon people come to me for consultation, many times many people get caught in this position very quickly, after that they have to fall into the pit, after that they have nothing left because  Dev-Srishti and first, now after that, will he get such a promotion soon or will he get any further promotion in his life, and a card nose stagnant, because the person who becomes so accustomed to promotion, when he does not get promotion, he feels great pain.  And the man who is already sitting after mixing the milk does not feel pain in his chest, so I wanted to bring a different one to show that I am getting promoted in this video. I agree, Khushi, after working hard, if you are okay, please.  run after promotion butt  This and Sita's environment is that not only you but your wife and children also have to be compromised, your family life is not compromised, everything else is yours, then you have to see that don't birthday, you have peacefully reached your post which is in your  It will be a good post because I have said that till the age of 40 and till the age of 15, 16 and 18 years of service, one has to definitely do it. If something good is found in it then also it will be a satisfied advice.  That's the Time 150 Years of Age It's the Time 5245 Years in Job You Should Prepare for Living The World After Getting a Job You Shouldn't Be Doing a Job Messages After a Party You Should n't Be Doing a Job After a Party The Economy and The Amazing comment and subscribe Understanding with People Who Can speak in hindi english communication skills subscirbe apne sexual ter 2425 ke ke ban raha hai na he  You will not be so successful, I am telling you this percentage, so hard thinking mindset, I have a program to openly give everyone freedom from job. I will tell you these things a little more openly. In this sequence, there will be pregnancy videos in the comment section instead of talking about the cat system.  Let me tell those people who have given everything to the job since this childhood, brother, job is nothing, no one asks about your post at 76, he will come home and tell me.  Idiot said, he will name something because I am trying to get it done, he will say that you are a loser, ok these points mean people will do but proximities because we have to see what are you doing at what cost, everything is happening.  No, that's why you are getting automatic promotion, there are time zones, you have to do a normal job, you have to compromise, you are not studying, you are enjoying the work, you are getting to learn something.  It is very good, it is not bad, there is not much problem in posting, I am not getting change of place, keep it up, Munna Bhai, MBBS, it takes minutes, it is not a problem, it is not much and you are the one who seems to be a PRT teacher, first of all, she is A for life.  Apple B for ball C for cat keeps on talking keeps on talking since 24 years started speaking with years so they do n't even want a portion is that happiness okay then immediately the country has already said in this that every time you get  Promoted You command of head comfort zone and people say no I like to beau's examples and don't you like voice every time You are coming to control You had learned in this, understood that if you knew how to work, then you should not influence that work. Kujur, you are expert in that work, you are good at it, then you can test your time and things that are left somewhere else and make further progress in life. This Yagya is also a big message. Many times you will get company.  I will send you to the big road in the metro, for me I don't want a role, I know this work very well, I know that I will keep doing it, at the same time, command is also ambitious, this is how it is a big problem for the boss, sometimes even such people are told this many times.  No, this is absolutely useless, but now the company is accepting those who say, no brother, just increase the hate package by 57 cents as per the relationship and I will continue to do very well in this work and I don't want promotion.  this also  Add a new one on this, it is necessary, sorry, this is back time, increase, suspend energy, spawn time, things for the top, in 40 to 45, get away from freedom, do not get away from the stranger of this job, mother, if you get freedom from job, you will get it only then.  When you have time, you will have time and energy. If the green job takes every minute of time, you will have to work for 60 years. There is a lot of pain in a job of 45 to 60 years. How many of you are feeling that? Sir, please write more genuinely in the comment section. It is not necessary that you are 50 years old and you cannot apply what I say in your life. If you want to, you can still write here too.  Looks like you are doing the right thing please share it with people thank you