Hello friends, the topic is Maven Correction, many videos have been made on it before, but today I am going to tell you a very good thing in a simple way, many people make fun of it, no matter how much they increase the rate, they will give something bigger, so today let's calculate it.  I will tell you so that you people can easily understand that the people of Delhi still have a little more realisation, the people of Gurgaon are my old aliens and the villagers already have clarity about it and I will tell them what is the latest happening.  I want you all to understand, Mr. Malvankar Educational Type of Function. First of all, videos should be made on this. Today I am going to discuss it separately. I have also posted this video on how it is formed physically. I will give that too in all the gender sections. Watch it two-three times. Today.  I will discuss, I will tell you that it is a game of money, why these days even affordable ones are being made and many are expensive or cheap that people say that I have a crush on them and I am happy with them, listen to the old ones used to be made in the middle of the day.  There is also a hybrid construction which is not so bad on the side and not as good as the mind. Joint can be shared. These few cases are fine but I am doing a computer which is fine as you are making a flat from only 5 years ago whose position is 5.  It was done a year ago, okay Lal Inter College, so in the last year, if ₹ 100 was spent in correction, then in main it is 110, now understand carefully, there is a difference of not only ₹ 10, then everyone will say this brother.  Difficult ₹ 10 means only this much, so you have to understand it carefully that there are two types of cost in the cost of construction, one is the construction cost and material and the other is the labor cost. Okay, then we will talk about the structure because it will be discussed later.  The makeup you have to do, the tires you have to install, taps, fitting doors, that is a different thing, it will be common in both, let's not discuss it. If we talk about the cost of training, then the earlier builders used to build with light and level. When they used to make their cost lower, they used to kill ₹ 50, and ₹ 50 because the lever used to have a date and a note of ₹ 100. What is there in your mind that gives goods worth one rupee, add desi ghee, how much do you add?  80 rupees and how much was the labor cost? rs.30 or it was costing ₹50. Okay, it is costing ₹ 30, so you cost Rs. Even after being ₹10, 100 is cheaper than ₹10. How can it be cheaper? Brothers and sisters, because it is a complicated thing, cost of funds and time value for money, it becomes quickly for the technique, you can buy it every 10 days.  Madhavan's action can be made and three linters can be placed, so if there is a building of 30 floors, that letter can be made in 10 months, that is 6 months, then it starts coming out in 20 minutes.  If it is possible then in practice what I have seen in it is that it keeps two lengths in a month, technically you can come to the builder if you want, time watch is quite possible but is not used to how fast, many times it is in the liver but it is garbage.  I have gone many times and will give it to you, okay, you too, practically its normal conventional time is one month and that too is delayed, after a week it goes towards one and a half months, so it makes a difference that the structure is ready.  In Madhavan, you can get ready in 50% time, then if somewhere else it was getting ready in 3 years, then in My One, it can be ready in one and a half years, then in this the builder gets one and a half year more time, then he can complete his work.  Things get monetized quickly because things get built quickly and go very quickly, money comes quickly, and whoever is a builder also works on loan. Did you not know that the system also has a cost, so even if it is ₹  10 is going more  But when he does long term cutting, he gets his profit in ₹ 10, then this is a big advantage. In Madhavan, you will not see pillars in the corner of any flat. 12 to 16 square feet carpet area is Bachna Tak, carpet area in super area, so this is  Also one of our dentists, I have made the rest of the advantages in other videos. Now let's make a normal joke about valuation. Many people were not taking it seriously but that is the difference in tow.  Has it happened, will he responsibly tell his audience that in the next one and a half to two years, the joke will come that the audience is also intelligent, everyone has to take decisions with their own mind, people will come and explain, you have to develop the investigation, but today I want to tell you Madhavan.  And the difference of non y1 is welcome yours two fifty percent, so if the non veg on Dwarka Expressway is ₹ 5000 and somewhere six thousand then my  9060 became 9000 and this is - 9000, this is that project sentence, but there is a third number off the side, I taught you this, you will find it in my real estate education play list, please subscribe if you don't have real estate education beat in the play list. In that, a very nice read on Patria Super Area, please do check it out, ok, no need to subscribe, be happy, when there is change in technology in any field.  It happened, it got transferred inside the mobile and that spectrum disorder and disease happened to you, okay, in the same way, if you see, there used to be Kodak cameras and then digital cameras, there was a period of 4, 5, 6 years in between. Unite both the things, in the same way, power sparing.  Vehicle Unknown Person There were two more vehicles, but when the time came, only the money would be on its body, then black and yellow taxis would be made, so is this old in big cities where there is a choice, not even in small cities. When we reach the cooker, let's talk about this is not valid, the top seven is our tier one, only seven or six come to India in 2001, okay let's discuss them, there my one is the new thing, its valuation is the same.  Will be bought and sold, all the rest will become black and yellow taxis. You need big rooms, you have to buy Distic on rent from us because when its program will end in 10-12 years and  Re-cycle: If the redevelopment cycle goes on for 12, 14, 15 years, then here also the rooms will become smaller and the ones in these lines that remain closed will become vacant, so if you want to spoil the beauty of the rooms that have been lying for 10, 12, 14, 15 years, then take a turn.  Install a 2 ton AC instead of the baton. If you want expenses, you want water, like this Rao, buy things on rent, give people another distraction in your market.  It is a forced thing, isn't it, and I will also have a difference, this is when you turn 6065 70 years old, then you want that where you are and have retired, then the house where you live and not change.  But this will be lifted by 2030. Due to this, the question that is going on in your child's mind whether this is your job day or your wife's job day, this should not be the result for you. The atmosphere of the record here will also be good for the frontal one. You have this printer on rental which you can do, your style is your thing and 125 years of judgment like that 10, 15, 20 years of marketing and how old is the society, so these joke makers will make jokes but what is happening on the ground in the market.  I am telling you that the ground will be very dry and will come out from below. After the break, they will see how much it has increased and then if it remains three times and the difference rate is 50% then it will also become 100%. Now that 100% 2  In the next three years, that topic of discussion will be about awareness like us, they are spreading an idea at that time, laugh less, you can't stop it, no one can stop it, Idea at that time, this company's idea is about money, now this will be spread, builders will launch.  I started explaining about the end of the North Indian market and I would like to pat myself on the back for what we do like this. One and a half year ago, we have been spreading this awareness for 2 years. Even now, the level of awareness is  Right about Thirty Five 40% Chill Hundred percent is left to be Vivo As long as 60% is like that, it is less than what it is like or will go like this, even then it is money because when every person is on one side, then there will be no juice left.  So Abhijeet, 60% people do not have idea, 6065 people have 35 idea, so 6065 people who do not have idea, this is opportunitis, this thing is fine.  People will debate and counter argue, make fun, which is very ok, was there ever anything that came in the computer of India, what happened to this thing, do you know what it will do, what harm will it do, okay answer, whenever the destroyer knows technology.  It is as if the drone has arrived, put a small one inside the military and you will see big acids in Ukraine and Russia and I. You must have seen big acids. Okay, Times Aircraft Carriers, your big acids are located in this infallible city.  Thank you, no one had thought that this would happen, so now you people, my device will not go because of the poor technical quality, but I will tell you in bold as soon as the destruction happens, now you have seen that the Indian government has also started talking about search on a big level.  But if you Google it, Modi ji was also running Draw Certainly Technology People Release That Man This is the Future and as soon as it is fitted on the ground and the lipid comes to five-six years that first that Someone understands the technology and then produces it with a mask and then no one comes up with an alternative and then everyone shifts to it. Why doesn't anyone drive a non-power steering car these days? Essays are being made, why doesn't he run, he has gone into the cycle, just like as soon as his cycle has started, he will become mature, then you will release, what will happen to the validations, it is time to take calls. It is a bit difficult to invest, it is at a very prime location, so what to do, I have made videos on it, go to my other videos on real estate education, I have discussed it long ago but still you people have doubts.  Please write them in the comment section, I will make a fresh video for it. People have brought as much peace as you like. Hey Bhai Saheb's appointment, in this you will stop the period, it will be less than the drilling machine.  It's a matter of your tenant and otherwise he stops you every day. Let's make a museum by clicking. Okay then just take a peek. 1214 18 2011 If you have to become a heart-felt person and by doing it, your leg will not stop every day. Hanging LED, taking off the painting. The leg will not come off. Photo.  It is okay to insert and remove from S. You will get results on singing. We cannot do this. We cannot do this and we will get some such brother from there. Richter scale is above 15. It is very bathing.  From the latest people just told that Russia has demolished the factory and missile building and this building is also disgusting and all the programs are being conducted there, it is above because on a normal building, a person cannot put it on normal time.  I can say that the one is strong and it is working and you are getting a tablet, then just imagine that you do not have the complete torch light which is blast furnaces, nuclear fission and fusion reaction and all that happens in this too.  Like the case happens, after doing some complete Congress test, it is okay, then that is just inside this and this thing, instead of making fun of this thing, when you are in De Villiers, do research on it openly, talk openly, talk openly on the phone and people do not force anything.  So, who will sing a song, which one will we fry by force, that it is as if there are five without me whose value is not even five percent of the show, that means it is ridiculous, it is not a question of Hindi, it is okay if you write it. whatever makes you laugh He is speaking against it and first of all, I am not able to understand what has happened now, so now we have to discuss it, today you will get only this in future, not in low rise but only in Raees, wherever punctures are made above the floor. Only Kayan will be able to reach this level, if anything, it will not happen, tell me any project which is being built and above 200, four years ago, tell me now, subscribe, thank you.