Hello friends, today's topic is we will discuss about one construction. Old subscribers got to watch a lot of videos. Now new subscribers have also joined and there has been a lot of talk about one by one in the market. Let's take these things forward a little more. First, I had started talking about these things in Gurgaon market one and a half year ago or two years ago, then there was a lot of fast about it, a lot of people wrote against it, misconceptions were spread and at that time I used to speak.  That rates of same and further is the era of Madhavan, many people understood it, many people implemented it, many people benefited from it and that feedback came, so before starting, I would like to show you a small clip in the video. In which you have to watch that clip carefully for the first second because I have taken so much trouble to look outside and teach in the past, so it becomes a like, it is okay because you can tell me anyway, these paintings, curtains and all these things apart from these, you will also get to see them.  anyway  If you don't see anything, then if I took so much trouble then you have to click on it. You should watch this clip first. See this. G Madhavan's rendering in Maven Construction. Complete concrete desi ghee halwa is inside the middle of two aluminum shutterings like a roof.  Well, if you understand that the wall is stronger than that and it is shown with its top open and it is filled from the bottom with heavy and ultra-tech concrete, as if you must have seen that big truck of cement moving around.  Now we are showing it from another angle and this minimal shuttering that you are seeing in the corner is worth Rs. 11000 per square metre. This shuttering itself is very expensive. You will look at it carefully, even now I am in my  If you have seen the clip, then as I have explained in this clip, it is correct that the concrete portion is inserted inside the wall as you understand, so the wall is a very strong load bearing.  And even up to 8.5 on the Richter scale, everyone has the capability to become resistant through this technology, but above that level, it is okay, now many people spread confusion in this, these people write that there is Madhavan in Madhavan and they have added Malini.  If someone has not put the material properly in it then it is like petrol. If someone has not put the engine oil properly then the company is afraid of the one who finds a home in it, this is not cement, but my friend.  Badna is coming with cement, he is going round and round and pouring cement inside it and the supervisor of the builder is standing there, put the relation, don't put cement in it, it is not like this, brothers and sisters, the big guys of Ultratech are from the company there.  Let's go, what are treated water? Udaya is treated water and its grade is written. Their engineer comes. It's something which Maruti is making a car, so there are different items in it. We are even afraid that no company has a truck for it.  If the exam is being made by NATO, then when you wake up you feel that it is breaking, then when you answer NATO, if there is a problem with the engine in any of your buddy's ships or there is a problem with some other bus, then if its engine is made by Rolls Royce, then find the answer for Rolls Royce also.  These people do not tell, people do not speak, will not speak, did not say, these were and make it lighter, there are many players in the world, is it not possible or no, he himself put it, made his private limited, if you believe that you have told someone  If you prepare noodles and serve them, then if they are from Maggi then Maggi also becomes accountable, not like it is a corner country liquor shop, it is programmed, the whole brand is there, there is no need to worry, you can physically go there and check, now Haryana Government Spectral Designing  And structural standards issue notification. People from outside will also come and check. You can also go and check at different times when it is being built. Whatever apprehensions you have,  It is not going to go away sitting at home, many people who are on YouTube, they will sit and tell you that it can be done like this also, the builder can do 9 with this, make 9 anything by making it like a Runumala, put more number of views in your video, it will be ok in people's mind.  There is a saying in English that you get confused by doing an FD account. By recording this, you feel scared in convincing a Muslim. It is easy to get confused, then say four or five things. Who knows, I am like me, I can hardly do anything in the sun.  It is Friday after going somewhere, then it is not so easy, tell me, it suits those who are sitting with not mine, among you, retail suits you, this friend is not like that, it suits me, a monkey, but I am lazy.  Have you ever seen the property going to zero? Now people will say that what is this fear and fear or what has been created? The property comes to zero a little. Yes, if nothing has happened before then the weight cannot be gained by doing an electronic event. This is how you Google  Teacher, I have a lot of fun in explaining things even at the construction level. Different mental models seem to be there that we are 40 English gurus, it is okay, bring 360 degree perspective on a subject, only then there is fun in explaining and teaching, just because people think.  That there is no white, so until you have seen millions and crores, you did not see white and black, but the day you saw black, then you came to know that black also exists, so black and yellow taxi.  If no one buys Ambassador and Pet, then its value is zero. It is a matter of taking out the buffalo on one side or not, it will cost 30 ₹50. Kunwar demands but the fact is that take it on 56th Gurgaon exam, it is very society, Mehak exam.  That's why I am taking it or you are also taking the wall post in the society, it's okay in different apartments, we don't want to live in these, even with very close acquaintances.  Okay, so brother, their 1 crore 70 rupees are looking good. Once upon a time, the rate of flats is not seen in 120, now the location is strong, above that, the mine location, the location is somewhere else, the location is the location of sin, but they also take this.  The brother who had bought the knowledge worth Rs 10 lakhs will now be worth Rs 120 B because the brother gets broken for Rs 400005 a year.  The one whose rental is at 40 cents is sitting idle, having bought it for Rs 140 at Rs 150, he is not going to get recovery because he will go in the redevelopment cycle only for value realisation, which is a process of 12 years.  It is a process of four years for you to convince the people, to convince Ruthe like he used to show in the movie, he is not a builder and he is a few old people.  Do n't want to evacuate, then the hero comes, it's time to celebrate and make saliva, if he sees, it's a percentage of people, everywhere there are different laws, somewhere there is 6 thirty percent where people used to sign that society.  If it can be broken then it is okay, then four years are spent in sulking and persuasion, two years are spent in breaking it and getting clearance and getting F4 and approval and six years are spent in making it, somewhere it would take years to make it, the total cycle is 12 years. Let's take it, it is a cycle of 12 years and three to four years before that, it starts in the market at 8:00 in the morning, there is an eye on such people in the society, now people have seen this program happening only in two cities in India, one is  Apna aamchi is Mumbai and the other one is Kolkata, it is ok there, people have gone through all the process, which sentences are there, very aware after the system, how much time is there in the benefit tax, how much time is there in our place?  It is okay but now people will start seeing it, now I want to give interest to people by batting from the other side that in many places here also the truth becomes true on Fateh Diwas. There are many such societies in which I want to give front when I name the evil.  If I am not telling you, then I am not going to tell you the name even to increase the rate. Okay, so the opposition is formed from both the sides. If you don't know this, then why should I tell you, there are some societies in Gurgaon like today, the old ones are so low density and  father and rate  A flat is not going to cost a flight at ₹ 1 but you can still buy it. You have got the right. You have got the share. When it is broken, you will get this slip. The shareholders who are partners in the society are in line, then when  If there is redevelopment, then the deal you will get will be better or it will be increased. Wherever the main transport corridor is going, if anyone is less than 500 meters away then it is 3.6 rupees, he can buy you in two flats and  After that, you may also get some money. It is also possible that which societies are there in the society? There are such societies in Sector 45. There are some such societies in Sushant Lok police station and there are some such societies which are not the same among the people. Which song was Amitabh Bachchan 's, okay, there is my eye, so I am not giving it to you guys, I am open.  -Open it  Not many and sanity is going yes I agree my one is the thing no doubt no doubt ok but Jong Ye Kin is sitting with more money like that big ticket side for 10 minutes and the normal retail guy is the same wait  Can't do that Society Art will break in a year and then there is a program of 12 years to 20 years, I can't do this but the old money people are fine, whatever I proliferate, your old money ones are fine.  If you guys have n't seen my Old Man Consult video, then it's okay to search for it and watch it. There are people who can fold money. One is found to be declared as a great intelligent forward-looking Papa ji, Nanaji and Dadaji friend, this diamond of our house, what kind of mind does he have, he got appointed there also and writes that please tell me what I am.  That this year's children of today will not do it. If it is okay for them, there is no need to buy this on foot in the job or office. If milk is available, then do it anywhere. O Maayan, there are many benefits of this today.  This day is coming, what do people put in the condition that it is of double size, its specification is different for everyone, its make-up will be different, if it will have type on it, if it will have stone, then how will it have a fan, electricity, all that will be a variation but construction.  The mechanism is the same and those people have made a negative comment out of it which makes you laugh, you will be able to link it, how much will you have to pay for the drilling machine to install it and how many years will you have to spend, guess it is a good thing once in a while.  Not only that, you will have to call someone to install the drilling machine and or you want him to cut it and go to the neighbor and that wall will collapse, many people will say, hey, you cannot move your walls and renovate as per your wish, you should know this. new building  It is prohibited in the code where walls can still be built, there have been incidents in these, people were climbing their stairs in the drawing room, some people are fine, so these incidents have happened, this is not loud by the government, so it should be known to Chalu.  Those who make such videos that you demolish your bathroom, enlarge your kitchen, make something smaller, you don't have a body, you can't do curry, you can't do it anywhere, I don't know why people are not telling that this is illegal.  no place  Can you tell me one more thing 1416 1812 Skit's best take and best fielder dug wells, why are you interested in becoming an architect, if there are so many stoves to become an architect and do your own designing as per your own then brother, plot no rotlo and plot also.  To tell you the truth friends, even till 10 o'clock, we will take care of people's interests, nothing is prepared as per our taste, only veg sandwich is prepared here, you will get the staircase on this left.  It will be made like this, that is, you can put the kitchen in the front or back, to make it as per your requirement, it is okay, yes, now you can say, within 500 yards, I can get it as per your wish, there will be no pillar anywhere in Madhavan.  There is 1416 square feet carpet area in the house. When this child of yours comes, you must have seen that pillar hidden in the shelves. There is a pillar in the drawing room. Once a foot card is 6.25 of its own, then there is a pillar in it.  It is not a concept, all the walls are commerce clean, it is absolutely clean, okay, so this was an interesting thing, but I hope to get a little answer, some people may still make people, please post openly and there is no such question which I can answer.  I will not be able to tweet on this topic. The topic is very dear to me and there is a lot of distraction at this time. If you will not and you will now let's talk about the price differential between the two in Sector 102. 50% is ahead in G market, there was a broad times people and then 50% means this society is not viable in the same place, it can live with them, it has become possible to live once a kilometer, so how big is the sector, 122 kilometer sector, two products in it, both  There is a difference of 6 inches in the walking distance, it is okay and the rate of one is 5509, brother, the rate of the other is 9300 and I make it 9000 and this  I will convert the person of Rs 55,100 into Rs 6,000. It would have increased by Rs 500. It is okay till the night. So brother, this is the ninth of Rs 6,000, so it is 50% difference. Please check the difference in front of you. It is not like I am narrating this box story. Let me also tell you the place, it is Gurgaon on Sector 12 Dwarka Express, so buy it very thoughtfully and till now the question paper has not been leaked out in the market.  You can sell your old sorry efforts, then sell that before them and when will the time come, I will tell you Love for November 23 Till number 23, there will be no such person in the North Indian market, in Delhi NCR, to whom this is my and Noida.  There will be no difference in clarity and I alone will explain it when my videos are made. For the last one and a half years, you will also give the link in this. There are many videos, now I have started writing to the builder about doing aluminum shuttering and doing homework. Madhavan is the Malaysian company for this basic, many people said that this technology is not new, it is old, it is not born today, it has not come to India yet, people still don't know, four or five in Gurgaon market in India.  It got distributed in Mumbai market a year ago and has not yet reached small towns because brother, it is the work of desi ghee, in this you understand that the cost of one square meter of chutney is Rs 11000 per square feet.  So, builders are saving their lives in buying high-tech products. The portion that is used in which the normal molding is done, then the shuttering is like you must have seen in this clip too, which is aluminum shuttering, isn't that one square meter money, Amazon meter is 11 thousand rupees.  There is a cost and in this I will tell about some things, then those who are going to attend and those who are going to write will not get the masala, the fun comes in doing it again and that's all I told you, in this time you will feel the pain in your chest. Hello friend, then come again next month, I have complete data and knowledge about this, so in this video, I had to convince only this much, I had to tell only this much, now those who are going to throw misconceptions and say that it is not audible, the sound comes from above, from below.  How many stories are being put on, this work will be done that once the line is being put, the line will stop, won't it turn yellow, that means that one means only one purpose, spoon laughs that this is a survey, on top of this, many people tell on this like this  give That used to be heat, it is cement. Hey brother, there is no heat exchanger, there are blast furnaces, here butter is made here, it is made into iron etc. Now last but you must have heard in tenth class science, brother, that too, this is ours, that.  It is concrete, that is your nuclear fission reaction, fusion reaction too, you reactor would cry, that too is a similar matter, there is no heat exchanger, so if you cool down the inside then you will get heat from the outside.  As soon as the exchange takes place, thirty percent electricity is saved and if you heat it from inside in winter, then it does not get cold, which means that people have a classic example of this, there are videos on YouTube also, these are from the British, Indians, Sony, they share the knowledge so much, but  If you set fire inside a room, it is okay, then it will be damaged, there will be no structural damage to the paint, if you melt it like that, then everything will not start falling, meaning that the fire lasted for 2 hours, so it can be said with safety.  Time and other things meant that people should show them by making a room like this, making a whole concrete chamber, setting it on fire inside, the temperature inside is thousand degree Celsius and the outside temperature when it touches the wall is 40 degree, 30 degree and  There was a fire in the middle and there is so much concrete in the middle, so there is no heat exchanger, even in these very big things, the temperature varies a lot, there is a difference of up to five degrees, it is of such high quality as in the house.  You have installed sound proof and devils and good quality disciples, you have installed plus and minus, but Doranda Voltage, why will you tell so openly, if you will tell now, then still there is still 1.5 lakh crore worth of goods left, it is too late to sell, Greater Noida  So all the matches are being closed by the Aspire people of Amrapali, which match was made which was stuck for 10 years, only then people have read and no one is buying on their lips, no buying.  Marksheet Marksheet has been rejected Now no, we can definitely discuss on this that brother, this is getting Rs 60-70 lakhs and this is getting your gift, still there should not be that much difference, you can submit, I am also in between, if you  To the people who are very tough Mr. Old Money is going to be set tomorrow, I have asked some old money concept to make videos of those societies, then you can take platinum membership till then.  Make it for platinum members, okay then press the join button and take platinum membership, then we will take out such software, it is hidden, it will remain torn, but the book value is very high, what is the first thing, do you know what is the meaning of book value in share market?  Will you write in the comment section? Okay, so sorry, some of my videos are being made at such a level that perhaps the old subscribers may not understand the new kid type coming.  Hum Shor, I am understanding many things very well, I will keep coming back to this old thing, try to subscribe more in your friend circle, but now the level of videos will increase further, your resume, I have made everyone twelfth, now I have a graduation post in real estate. Graduation has to be taken towards PhD. Okay, I myself am more than triple P in real estate, so I have to take it to that level. I promise you all to be India's number two real estate charity.  Whatever audience the giver is, they regularly watch my videos. Ad openly on everything. Real estate course is on. Patti videos for platinum members. Have watched the videos. The videos are very short. The topics are very simple but when you do half a minute of them, it will give a very good picture. So you can try, go to the membership page, go to the membership page, if you click on the channel like this, then the membership will be taken to Home Videos Play List Membership for  If you enter membership, you will see videos and if you are close to Steven, if you feel like it, then you can take platinum membership to join that point. Those who take platinum membership can do it individually, they can click. Tell me how did you like the video? More, come by.  Pointing toe test is 20% at percent se remote come patna i will wait for the volume to bolta bus ok hai short in hp magar haq  If there is a need to hit a six then I will definitely hit it thank you when u