Hello friends, welcome to money mind-set series video number 62, the type of knowledge will be discussed about it, it will be interesting, 15 videos have been included in it, if you have not seen it, you must watch those things which are not taught in schools and colleges. It is a request to the children.  To forward it so that they can learn it quickly, whatever is mentioned in video number one, 15 minutes till video number-16, knowledge is of two types, whatever is mentioned is slotted.  There are two types of knowledge, one which works in real life, the other which does not work, the knowledge which does not work now, there are also two types of knowledge which does not work, it used to work earlier but does not work now and  We do not realize this thing, we realize that we used to do it once but now it does not do it, 70% of it is happening everywhere, it is written in books, in studies, in school, in college, on YouTube, WhatsApp, this is the only discussion that knowledge ever works.  Was not doing now and one knowledge another like this  Which never works but only sounds good, then people also go after it. You have to avoid these things, Jio 4G does not work for you, it is useless, remove it, no matter how much someone says, it is good, listen and see.  Read it, take it, you have to remove it in your place, which is a letter, 9ice is too much and one line is spoken in English, garage, there is no harm in knowing there is great harm in this, which is not of your use. Shelter Homes  It has also been said that discipline is attack's pure dress boxes are decorated with them, useless furniture in the camera which is not to be used, if you keep doing it, then what is to be used will go out, don't have anything inside it which is of no use to you  This is only to impress people because gradually people will not get impressed. Development will make them aware that knowledge should go after only those who do what. Knowledge also does that.  There are two types of knowledge. In the short term, time and time work. One can take a repeat of Rs 2 lakh from IIT for filing returns. The interest in income tax which goes on home loan. By doing this, the knowledge images work and one becomes long-term.  The knowledge which will work for 2 years or 5 years and you move on to that part, let's move ahead with this that the thing which you cannot major, you cannot, you cannot even change that thing, you understand again.  I If you are repeating things which you cannot measure, you cannot change like money, you can measure less, more can increase by working, weight can be measured, less is more, you can increase or decrease, it is okay for you in life.  Whatever things have become fever 103, you know that there should be so much of it, you can reduce it so that you can make it major, okay, then the things which are not major, the world is running after them and then the same song has to be made, isn't it us, from you.  love how much we don't  We know but we can't live without you. The whole world is running in this mode. Impress the village with this song for your beloved wife. It's a very good thing, but the public doesn't know. We don't know, but they are busy chasing drugs, useless. What will the next man think behind the chaudharah of the woman? Behind making the father happy, the mother, the girlfriend, the father-in-law, the mother-in-law, the society, how happy we will be to make them happy. Do you know that this happiness cannot be measured?  That's why you ca n't change it. You can't change the things you can't measure. Do n't chase the things you can't measure. Increase the things you can measure. When the by-product gives you positive results.  You will start meeting and taking this mindset forward, the rich man's mindset, the rich man's mindset, the rich man listens only to the things that are beneficial, in the beginning, I told you about two types of it, coming down to it, I am telling you about the rich man's.  The mindset is that he listens to the beneficial things. If you tell a good thing to a rich man, he will run away. He should not listen to good things. He has to listen to the beneficial things. This is the mindset of a poor man. He has to listen to good things. He has to listen only to good things. The mindset of a poor man is you.  If you talk about benefits, then do you like this video or found it beneficial, write in the comment section, whoever found it beneficial, write that benefit, egg white, one and a half benefit, and whoever liked it, write ACHCA, this.  Channel it's about giving father to you who is feeling good, it is very good for you people but the game is to benefit you in life thank you very much like share subscribe just press the button to say stop then people are increasing please  Increase Subscribe, Like, Comment, Share with people, I am, these are small things, these are very short videos, but if you click somewhere then remove one letter from your life. Remove Noida, the series will continue in future also, thank you.