Hello friends, the name of the video that I have brought in front of you today is Mouni, Appointed in Kundli, Her Only Melta, Subscribe and from that, I am going to subscribe, so if you know anyone in this group on appointment of daughter, then watch this video.  Subscribe to the channel and subscribe to this application which has 512 speakers applicable to middle medicine. In this, I have taken the decision that if any girl or boy gets married, I will take only the girl wherever she goes.  There are also things due to which the appointment is subscribed, after that now we will give it a number, the number is subscribed, this is your number, the appointment of this number, under that, what you have to do is the first attitude, shoot you, am I a collector, how can you help your friends, your child.  It is ours, many people will know it in corporate also, they will know it in PCs, I will tell you how to do operations in the government department, then the number of war will be out of 10, so if you believe that 10 is what you believe in your mind.  Set that if you will fight then subscribe with whom you want to do this subscribe let me know so if you are appointed 886, give anything, you yourself give yourself a number, in this your personality will also go with you, English speaking will go with ghee communications, everything will come.  Why should you look for physical activity which you can see in the horoscope, it is a big thing that how the soul was before, but according to astrology, in astrology,  I am not talking about the character, if I start writing about it then this is a person's job profile and the other is a job profile. So come, you have to do yours on this number. You have to do the same for the boy as well, if you have done this to anyone then subscribe and  If one of these is a professor, then 8 is given, if you are a lecturer then you are given 8. If you are a government teacher, you are given 5. If you are a private teacher then you are given 5. You understand the meaning of the number and if below that it means you also get a job.  If you don't get the number then four but don't give less than four to one. Look friend, one is this street number, then there are five elements of job. Four, if you don't get this job then how will you do four from one. Then there is no job in number four but you have the capability to do the job and  It is decided but we will do it depending on how suitable the boy is, then in such a situation, give him four numbers on your lips, even if he is determined to do the job, if his capability is less, then give three and one number will also be given to the one who has neither definitely anything.  If you don't know how to do it, then I am asking you to set your own parameters. Many people have written their own general templates. You guys are understanding, I would like to say that you have to decide your own, then it is yours.  Regarding the job profile also, how the job is done, the third point comes in the digital display. It is to be seen that what is the channel and subscription routine, whether personal hygiene, personal grooming all this will be there in it, then it is because with someone else like him also.  Different, it can be good, it can be bad, so you can also happen to him, whatever happens, take yourself with you and you can give him 42, any problem can happen to you, number 42, subscribe to the child, this number was given further, today's topic is bag family.  Fourth Sutra: Family, everything in the family, what is the source of your family, what is your best, how do you look, see how the parents look, it is very important for the girl and the boy that in 2030, the girl you are marrying is that girl.  Today, as you see, the boy is looking as big as he is and as fat as his maw, he has to go in the same way, do n't get out too much, we will make ourselves very physically fit, after the meaning of 24 kg, he is wearing 50.  By taking 55 lakhs a year, you will fight according to them, if you are a little late in flying, then sexually, you have to call the whole package as a family, which also includes money, how is this way of talking, everything, you can know how the person is from inside, but  Whatever interest there is, love marriage, this is a girl, hello to the boy's parents, hello, this boy is a girl, hello to you, ask openly, it is okay, whatever formula I am giving, it is always some experience of marital decision, things which are bad.  Yes, now before saying yes, read the premium feedback, it is visible, there is no need to spy on their benefits to find out, just find out what they are, these things are looking thick, whatever I tell you.  I am like this  I am telling you that anyone can do it in half an hour, so this part is done, it will take a lot of time to listen to your family and his most important family, but it is a very important topic, if you accept the bill of cooking skills, then eat each other's food.  Banana Veg-Nonveg Rice Rice Dish Purpose Pulses Vegetables Vegetables should be cut that means Banana is interested in knowing the screen brightness. If you number it, you will number it. If you keep reducing it in the same manner, then only on one side you will know the child. You will have to subscribe the channel to the child.  Don't forget to do and subscribe in this video, if you can, whatever water is heated, give one number, two numbers and a little bit of that, subscribe Chanakya Gaya, then it is okay, some answer numbers, both the numbers, then a good number would have come, this page.  I will tell you the drafting of this, if your daughter's age is this year, then it is 10 minutes and your daughter's age is 25, then it is 10, like above one year, it is 26 and this is the number. How to reduce 2728 seven number 19, boy and girl, if 242 is on this day, then I am not talking about it. Please subscribe to the discussion about it. But you should assume that after the marriage of the boy, the girl will subscribe.  Do your calculations first and then talk to others by talking to them and asking a few questions. You can do this on the other hand, there is an element in life. Open your table and have a plan and speak it in English.  MP3 It's okay, everyone understands that there should be a mission, but many people want many things in life, they don't have a plan and don't know how to get it. This is called the one who yearns and does this due to which it is very good, and the one who lacks this element gets the number.  We will give more yearning meaning that you have a tan everyone too much How to dress so that people impress me What do we think about me How many ribbons are there People's words are hidden in someone There are 67 questions like this, if you add then I will more  clear  I will show you how to do it, so in this you number them. If you have a section ribbon that tells you about small things like clothes, what to do, etc. In all these things, you have to do a little work on your child's lips, then you give a number in this.  If the child is very restless at the moment and has no mood at all and is completely under peer group pressure and the child is on social media, he goes into depression, if someone keeps saying something good or bad, he is in a cycle of like and dislike. Correct  If there is a Facebook page, then the recipe for all these things will reduce the numbers and the child who has a table and does his studies, a little bit ca n't be too much, the child Santa is a little bit towards spirituality and sometimes reads Gayatri Mantra with a little release - Sometimes Hanuman Chalisa, first tell the example, it will remain a dog's portion, if your child's father's father is fine, then from this we will get 70 marks, then in the week number, your child is late, is it fine, then if the child with whom you are getting married.  if his  Mental peace will not be achieved, listen to the numbers only then you should search only for the numbers because it is not a matter of zero, if the other person among your 35 or 70 also has 3010, it will also be very good, it is not necessary that it means numbers are all the problem, numbers are.  If there is a problem of miss match then because of vote then another percent prince to the match. If a girl does n't know how to cook, then she gets a good job, I do n't even do a job below, I don't know how to cook, never mind, that's it.  I was born in a rich family, so what I am saying here is that I will talk politically, I will not be clean shaven, I will not be diplomatic, but the meaning of this channel is to open people's eyes and tell the truth and you all also know these things.  What am I saying, okay, basically this is the top and this thing's life can also be added to those whose things have happened, you can add these tricks as to who is listening to what and where, but now this has happened on which it is fine. You can find out what I have to do in a week, I am a little professional, so I have kept 70 of them in the show because it is possible that one day I talk to them and they stop me from feeling professional.  If it were there, then there may be someone 's element that he wants a little more that I want to cook food on this number 15, only he will tell me whether it is okay or I vote element is less for me depending on whose day it is, then I would tweet to him and tell him to Swami.  I am you I also do premarital counseling find this front arm hole more in India can be on phone can be anyone's very nominal want very interesting concept back premarital counseling meaning a man you can't speak to each other  He can ask openly that man inside the shyness asks the boy if he knows how to cook, then he should call it one of the two favorite things in India. For the boy, it is the biggest thing.  Achievement is that what is the biggest good thing for a girl in India, why a boy is born, it is okay now but why kept the mess today, these girls too, who are good, before judging me, my boy and girl, both of you, I have many benefits.  Listen, it is okay, nowadays even from the girls' people it is heard that if our girls left us, now we have to make them equal here, this is ours, it is our responsibility to make the girls of this country equal, it is nothing, I had to tell them to run the house, I was 10 years old.  So it was always the same thing that if the boy is the eldest, then the boy is a girl, he used to go home, somehow it is fine, but son, if we are not less than this, then she will not be less here, so now the struggles are very high.  My biggest request to all the parents who are listening to this should be the girl's parents and the boy's parents, the biggest event today is on cooking which will happen to you and the rest, there is no one outside to cook all the food. Yes, first.  So there was no comment so people ate outside  Now if there is a fish in the middle, please show me how to cook. Show it to your girls and teach it to the boys too. It is not that if the girl cooks four for sure, the boy cooks only two. Teach both of them equally. Now another Netflix pack movie has come.  It was in it, the girl's father's love, this Air Force movie, the girl's work, the boy and the girl's love, I asked for this crossing sometime, do you know all this?  Do n't know lentil dal, urad dal and moong dal, do n't know their fringes and if you do n't know which one is the smaller one, then subscribe, oh job terrorist, it is not going well, if you don't know how to cook, then it means marriage, who will cook, who will cook.  If they come and get a job of Rs 25,000 or if they get a job of Rs 30,000 or get a job of Rs 60,000, if they come to do some work then they feel free to do it, okay, this is a new way.  What I told you is Saptamesh number, give your numbers, it will change with time. If your child is doing thm number four, then personality can always be improved. Okay, cooking skills can also be improved. Whatever exploitation of the family.  Yours is pending, these are decent people, if they don't do anything else then they can be free to try, they will not go below that and in the yearning rally, their numbers are in your hands.  If you have your Jaspal in your hand, if you are an old man then John says, 'If you smoke then opposites attract, it is okay, the girl does not know how to book at all, the boy knows very well this mask, shame and this bring to the merit, but the girl does not even do the job, even the household chores.  She doesn't do this, she does n't even take responsibility and just pretends that she is beautiful, then how much food will be paid for her beauty, how many days will a man remain beautiful, then marriages break in 3 4 4 5 years, then how come you did this, my request, all these things that I  I am telling you, get this premarital counseling done, you will come out of the village after 3 years. Is it true that after 3 years, his mother told me that it is his father who made me do this. Hey, the problem is that your house is not working because.  Don't have to come and the one who is in Islam and honeymoon period is 2468 I got down he wins on the basis of beauty Venus says best marriage when the train has a horse  Venus Marriage Marriage Moving Jupiter West Need Knowledge Need Love Okay, so if you have got some interest in these things, in this video I have told about the work I have done on this and I will tell them that this is from my Marital Series, this is from your lips, let's go to mine.  This is the first video and I want to make many videos on it so that people like Sukun Airtel, your same [music] subscribe, subscribe the channel, this video can improve the quality of life, if you tell this, you Subscribe to the children and theirs but those who are subscribed to their wedding can also adopt this formula and see this We step into the shoes of an anchor for a day [Music]