Hello friends, today's topic will be money can buy happiness but till till what point, today we will discuss some numbers and money, Daniel Khane is manual and react, he has just done research on it, so he told that the earlier figures were there or not, one point.  After that money development is meaningful, so research was done on it. The point which was mentioned earlier is actually far away and from that, I have brought it in the Indian context and given you an idea.  I am trying to tell you the figure but they say no, if you don't have money, then after earning so much, if you have less money than that for doing Haq dialogues, then please don't tell me this, is this correct, then in their research it came to light that if ₹ 5000 per year is earned.  If a person's income is ₹ 10000 and his happiness keeps increasing till 2 lakh 3 lakh or 5 lakh dollars, the productivity that has come in his life, he has the choice to do whatever he wants.  That thing has to increase by ₹ 5 lakhs, it means about 4 crores 20 lakhs per year, about 4 crores 20 lakhs is fine within the Indian e, but what are you doing in India, then the formula I have come out for India in this is If you are working Rs 1 Crore 80 Lakhs per year, Rs 15 Lakhs per month, then your happiness is going to pick up, after that yes debt money bill starts.  If you take an affecting, till the time you don't know about the money on 15 lakhs on a sustainable basis, please don't speak ill of this money, if Lakshmi ji bada maa goes, we will listen to you. At least they have done their research that the date is D. The figure on this shows mechanical coolness.  Whenever you look at their faces Mukesh Ambani ji Adani ji because the public is also behind them, you know look at the faces of both of them, how are they at peace, not as much loss as Adani ji is still hidden.  etc. and in daily valuation it happened something like you had ₹ 2 crores and I took your ₹ 100 crores, left ₹ 75 lakhs Something like debt, tell me how will your face be, do you see any difference on his face, if not, then his is too much  Hey, this is too much, right now the one with Rs 2 crore will have 75 lakhs and if it is Rs 25000, then the one with Rs 125000 will say that it is only Rs 75 of the Rs 2 crore. You already have 75 lakhs. Hey brother, whether it is a loss or a loss, whether it is a loss or not, take it in percentage, take it in absolute term, take it in time, brother, the quality of money exchange has come, people have made it new.  The spirituality of the system has become more special because you do not think of it as a big thing. Think for yourself, if a lot of money is coming in your life, it is coming regularly, then you definitely do not have to worry much.  It is not necessary to sleep because it is there, so now you have the science to sleep in it, only then you can think about anything else. Has anyone ever explained it like this or have you ever tried to understand that if a person is hungry?  Whoever it is, time will think of it as something other than hunger and food. If you are thirsty then you will see something other than water. You mean water and retirement. So once you are on a trip, you will try to go on. After that, you may think of something like an idiot.  something has to be done, something has to be thought about  If you want to think about something big then only the one who is not worried about earning money can think about it. Two people are not worried about earning money. One is us, I am the mother who has become a saint. Those who do not need money, they need their own.  Have reduced it but I think this is the easy way out leave everything so other way off note doing chinta board Manish you let's off it so both way is moksh and this one here is more sustainable and good because you After enjoying the food, you don't want it in one place, then say that you kept a fast, did not eat for a day, did not eat Dhoni, then you felt hungry, now you go to text him, then you feel craving, what will you do, now you have become corrupt, then again.  How will you live life but you have taken one life with you that you have loads lying around, now you don't want it, now you can't have such a cheat that you do n't want it, you have read a lot, now you do n't want it, so here is chess butter, but it is not told like this because classes will be done. Because most of the audience is poor  What happens is that if you talk negatively about the rich, then people guarantee, identify, like, subscribe and grow. If the market likes it, then on social media, on media and other knowledgeable people listen to it, it is like this, she is also like this because she is that.  If you say it like this then it will feel good, don't you want to leave it all, why is it needed? I said you left it why do you need it, you spent 10 years studying it but now you will definitely have to read it, so your 10 years have been wasted. So don't do this, the rich man will not go astray, the one who has money, yes, you are going astray, now he says, now he has to leave everything and I, you have to do something else, then do what he has to do and if he has to do it then he must do it.  It is not necessary that he should move away from 5. It is not necessary that he earns money by walking on this thing. Do you understand that I am the person who has been living in Guruji's family, earning a lot of money, living a life of luxury and luxury. some quality and relaxation  There is a way and this way is not as difficult as it is being shown. If I count my sleep too much and talk about it then it will rock me otherwise I will be called further in excitement and will be told but this I am telling you very openly that I did it.  You can go and look at any person's face to see how much peace, calmness and coolness is there in his face, then he has given something to the one who belonged to him, this is very important, write to me on this subject in the comment area and let me understand my words.  I am coming like this  No, I will not say that I am playing the bin and you guys are not playing the buffalo, I will never say this, I will only say that in my way of understanding, there must be something wrong which you are not understanding, so if you are not understanding then I will tell you.  I will tell you that there is no need to be so nervous, I don't have money, I have left everything, I am not going to marry, nor have children, nor will I do anything, and this one just got married at 45, then what about the child, then he spent 15 years and then he was also rich.  cannot be made because there  I was wandering for 20 years, not even doing anything. I live here. I have n't confused you. If you have, I have confused you.