Hello friends, today there is a very deep topic, watching it leisurely will bring a lot of pleasure, pain can also go away, you will get clarity and tell it to all your family groups and friends because India needs clarity on this topic and it causes a lot of loss to people.  There is pain and in the grip of something, it is okay, it is within this thought that today it will go away from you, the topic is relationships of more important and money, so which of these do you like more? Give importance, pause the video for 2 seconds, come and pass it and write in the comment section, write about the relationship, if it is M, then money is in this tense and I know what was the hot process of the audience before the DJ started the video.  There are a lot of things to talk about first, I will see later, I will not talk about it in the beginning, what is the relationship more important, is the relationship more important or money for the relationship, write more, for the money, let us write, okay, I have written to you first.  Or if this question is ever asked before answering, then look very carefully and see who is asking the question. I am going to tell you a very big thing. You will not find such original content anywhere, you will not find it in any book or on any YouTube video. This is what you will not get, no one has told you, what I am about to tell is original, pure, 100%, this is how Yudhishthir says the song of the cow, the song is absolutely original, fine and it will be very beneficial, so listen carefully, first of all, why are you asking?  Yes, who else is he, is this being asked in a general discussion, is this any relative of yours, your own child is asking, is your own relative is asking, is a friend asking, so before asking him this  Look, he is asking what is the game and then after that you have to see in your mind when you answer that you have to give the answer which I am going to give now so that the person also gets clarity. If you forward the video then you will get it anyway.  Will you go and see someone?  Relationships are a plant, a plant is a plant, a plant is a plant, pottery is a pot, and money is water, money is water, and this officer is going to whiten with this water, now anyone should ask whether this is important, this is important, if it is not done.  So you will not survive, I will prove it, tell you, I will understand that it is needed, but if you keep it, after quenching your thirst, the disease becomes a local plant, then this plant is no longer with you, what will you do with this water, you can also keep it.  So Manijar Resources Limited and in relationship Kandy Limited can be very very much relationships are not only water relative it is not only about your own family relatives relationship in the video made pimples and and that apply okay listen carefully very thing brothers in relationship can  It could be a mother-in-law, it could be a brother-sister's children, it could be an uncle system, it could be anyone's.  I will also tell you in which province I will give you the temple so that you can subscribe to this template and if you come here, then the trouble will end that why are the relationships big and this big situation is coming and I will tell you under this, the video may also be long.  If you go then a playlist of deep quick stopped and intellectual videos are the kind of things that people like to watch like this. Go to the list and you will get contacts. It is mostly original.  According to me, it is okay, you watch and enjoy them, then move ahead, you have to see that this water is limited with you, okay, that is money, everyone has a meter, how much water and its limit, okay, now I will put the piece in the second contact.  There are many Kanha ji in body, mind and wealth. Before saying this, think a hundred times before saying that we are with you in body, mind and wealth. It is not easy to keep this body, mind and wealth for very few relationships. Which one is I?  I will tell you and those changes also happen according to time, perhaps when you were young, it was one thing, then when you became middle aged, it was something else, when you became old, you became a senior citizen, then it was something else. I will tell you very beautifully, so many people  Who knows, we are only connected with money. If your maid's child is sick, if she works for you, then there is no need to connect her with body and mind. No one is connected with her. You give her salary or dance on the media or something like 1000 rupees.  It is 2000, by the way, you can give it, so here only you are connected with money and how much money you have given in your network. One crore two crore part of someone's plus 980, so it is only with money that you are connected and you have done it with many people.  You can connect with your mind, whether there is a relationship of friendship or a relationship or a new society, like I tell you, there is some thought process, there is some ideology, you get connected with it in your mind, okay, you get connected with that in your mind.  In this, you do not need to go there physically and do it like this, there is no need to improve, in many things you are connected only to the body, like a mother who is newly born, she has to connect with her body and mind to her disciples. How will you get milk from her with me, but if you start speaking loosely to everyone then you will need to connect with your body, mind and money, then everybody will expect this from you and if you see the commitment then you need to  If it happens then it will be quoted. You were saying that father, uncle, uncle, uncle, in any relation, whenever you have to see that you have to ask questions and this comes when you have some confusion in your life.  There is a feeling that when something happens while speaking, then tell me, but when something happens, it can happen at any time, that something can happen at any time with anyone and that something can happen with you too, then everything is healthy. If at this moment  My body is fine, my mind is fine and I have no shortage of money, so I can comment on this movement, but that is if you need any of those three things today, these three things are needed but 500 half a year.  After all, I do n't know what is the status of my mind, my body and mine, so you don't have to take charge of everything constantly, relationships are important, but you take out the money from the relationship and then see how much service it provides.  Because if relationships are important then they should survive. Make it absolutely zero to give money to your wife or buy a suit and saree for her and remove the element of money. Children who are above 18 years of age are fine and give them education.  You have made it like they kick in America, they get into your distick and student loan, love you all your life, make it absolutely zero, remove such a person from all relationships, then see how they remain like that.  I had given the example that a plant will dry up if it does not get water, then is water important? If there are no plants, then what will you ever do with water? Then you have to choose the relationship and make a merit list based on that, which relationship is most important for you. And I was going to tell in the priority list which is the most important relationship, that if the society is putting any bronze medal website or website, then the first thing we should take away from it is that when money and  If there is tension in a relationship then it is necessary for him to have money. For those who do n't have money then relationship will be important. I do n't have any money. I am in zero. I am a 18 19 20 22 23 24 25 26 27 year old boy, I do n't work, I don't do anything.  I have money, otherwise relationship would be important for me, how can money be important? I would have to have something to do with someone, but I would assume this.  The example I will give is the example of a person who has money, then money will come only when you do a job or business. Mostly remember that relationship is important and mind is important. Questions are asked only to big people, big people are those who are older.  are also big and those who have half of them, no person who has money will ever be asked that this button is important, those who do not have money, their relationship is important and the one who has ended his relationship, who is in whose relationship  Some money but still those who have a lot of money will never say that money is important but those who do not have money always promote this thing and big people can tell me that the system is going to be a pain.  People, then whoever has money, okay, now he has money, that is the limit and if he is a man for 25 to 30 years, then the most important relationship for him is if there will be marriage. Hello viewers, he brought him from outside somewhere and  Took seven rounds and this wife supported him. As many years pass by in the next 50, 60, 70 years, now people will not say that it was the parents who brought me up, I will make a separate topic on the parents, I will tell you how much importance they are giving to you too. Now it's okay to keep listening further, even if you don't put it all, I will tell you about it on volume, so first of all, and the day you have children, then the children are more important than the wife, because both of you have not invited them.  I had done this to my wife, but still I am invited. Today you marry me. Wife is conscious, the wife has stars, perhaps she could become your wife, if she does not become someone else's fun, then the wife will now be taken from the bottom, to the children, then to the little baby.  He has come to you, he is absolutely pure. 16 He means that he has come to you, so it is his responsibility and for how long will I tell you, then that priority is yours. Okay, you have to invest your body, mind and money in both of these. Now.  If you have any other relative or someone else, then if you are thinking of asking for something, then you should lend it to him because if you give him a loan, then you are giving it as per the rights of your child, you have to remember that. How much to pay, you have to make this top, I will make a separate video on the cutoff for decision-making, what is the cutoff, because it is never-ending, it is like, I had made a very good video, shot onion, hundred whips and hundred gold coins, address on relationship.  hee  It doesn't work, you were giving so much invested money, it was being given to save the relationship because the relationship was important, the money was not important but we were fast, it was never ending, now you think that now I should give.  If I stop it, the relationship will end, then you keep giving it again because you have given so much input and it is for you to see that as soon as marriages take place, the brother and sister become separate branches, the same in the free pre.  We call it a family tree, but its branches get separated, all the branches will come in those states and their phones will be installed on it and they will bear their fruits, then it becomes important, then as you grow older,  There is more money and it comes to you and your children, they settle down by writing, not doing well, it is okay, Navami also wants to help us, we are relatives and friends, so you can give us. Ministerial Staff Pure Water Wealth and Net Years He is your brother, she is your sister, parents want something, but sometimes what happens to the parents, as I tell you, there may be a different thought process of the parents, that of the siblings that they want to spend their life.  Buy insurance, don't buy medical insurance and spend the money on your functions. Understanding is right and don't be mentally very responsible. He should have been at such a level and he has maintained his level by spending his own money. Now if something comes in his life then it is okay and now he asks you to help him and then you go. Now this thing will help your wife in seeing the journey.  It has been in the relationship that friend, we do this like this, we do this, we also buy insurance, we also buy this, we make birthday parties closer, we do not spend so much, we do not have eggs so often, what is the Bermuda?  If it is someone from Haryana, please write in English. It is okay for him to have fruits and caffeine. I use whatever comes to my mind. Many of you are North Indian, you will understand. It is okay, so if he has such a relative in his life.  Is living and you are with your very own friendship in Investment Mutual Funds Property Rent SIP Life Insurance Mutual Funds Gold Silver and Gold Coin You are playing and the other is doing like this so now you have  So that protein will be more than that and in this bulk your children too must have compromised somewhere, perhaps they would have got better clothes and better shoes and some would have gone in the Hafiz order and some others would have traveled in a big car.  When you travel abroad and come back with some things, your family has been sacrificed, isn't it? When you are growing, now you have reached here, now the rest of the relationships are about checking out someone and someone is doing something at the same time, now you have this much father.  Presentation is when the person likes this yes uncle ji uncle ji uncle ji uncle ji I am my elder sister relationship grandfather ji Nana ji is it okay and how many relationships will we take any relationship okay brother not help chart What will you do by taking so much to you that  If you give it to us, then here you have to see how many days you have in such a relationship. How To's Dabi was telling the merit list, neither the one who has sacrificed with you has the biggest right, not anyone else.  It is the wife who has made the maximum sacrifice because now I am covering for it. The children have grown up, are settled and are earning money. They may be doing better than you but  Your wife has the biggest right in the wealth you have now. Hundred percent means complete right, because she has suffered the most with you, whatever deprivation she has faced, she has also suffered your compulsions, it is her right and you should not give it to anyone without asking her. You will feel a little pain that I earned, you did not earn, it was the family who earned, as long as the family was sour, it was the fate of the family, if the children left the family, the wife was a cost, then realize this thing and then beyond that you have to see that that  The right of your next generation belongs to your branch and if you keep the confusion on yourself, what happens many times is that those who are your sons are your daughters-in-law, it is okay, son, daughter-in-law and son-in-law are okay, now this is a view to water reserves.  Hello, you are not doing well, there has been some discord, there has been some conflict between mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, okay, due to such issues, you are not getting the feeling of being an ad and many times I have seen in this that the one who has two sons or one son or sons. Those who have a daughter will go to a bigger topic but I am giving an anti on them and I will also make them different that if there is something wrong in their thinking then their thought process also changes that we have daughters only if they are not seen in front of us.  Mind  There is indifference, North takes it up, this is fine and some people have a son, so it is different for them, but if the son's house has been stolen, then your caste is not seen in front of your family, because what do many people do and whose son  -If there was a different system there then it would have been on all three, if you want I will cover it further. I have hinted that it is the wife's right, there is a place for the parents, children should do that, but if the garland of parents belongs to the parents.  If I want to do something in the village with my pride and joy, then this is ours and if we want to do something then what is its limit, there is no limit on the rights of parents, if you have given birth to them, then you have to see that what is the use of body, mind and money.  The work that is done - body, mind and wealth - the first right on these three things is of the wife and the second is of the children, until they themselves become something, when the children themselves become something, then a man can take something out of his body, mind and wealth.  can go ca n't go  The mind should always be there and it will come. Okay, so you can still be there for your wife and your spots. For your spots, body, mind and money should be there. And the rest of the people will come and then when the time will come, they will ask such questions and by showing a lot of courage, you will be held guilty. Will try by putting You should have to talk and talk with very reasonable questions on this tweet and to your and supported You should be proportionate to answer questions urgent  It is a requirement because what many people do is to see who's emotional status is. How emotional status can be a very important topic. There is a requirement of having a webinar of one and a half hour discussion on this and in Mota I have mentioned the template.  That those who ask this question about relationships and money are more important, there is something wrong in their mind, I am saying this, it should not be asked at all, like widow copper.  I told you left field from each other that your relations are going very well, I am relieved that the architecture in Germany will work sensitive money making or will it grow up and you will have more resources and they will have more money 100MB more people will want to have  RELATIONSHIPS WITH [ __ ] WITH MONEY CAN BE EXCHANGED WITH POWER STATION SUPERINTENDENT RELATIONSHIP WITH POWERFUL SHOULD HE  There is a foreign problem, whether he is a human being, a politician or an influential person, then I want to have a relationship with him, even if I am a very loser type of person, who does not have the courage in his body, who does not have money and who does not have anyone to sit with.  I have a taste in talking. Who will go into a relationship with such a person? You tell me, this person said to you, brother, relationship is important. Come, meet me, brother, do something, why would you stand for anything when I and your breasts are of no use to anyone?  If your heart is not with them and your money is not with them, if you are with someone out of desolation and with someone out of respect, and if you are with someone out of money, then that relationship will not last, so now the relationship is more important, so this is the ability to develop. C Slide People Will See You But You Drop Test Cutoff Date If You're The Giving And Taking That Research And Relationship It Wo n't Decide It Won't Decide So You Keep Deciding How Much I Want  You have to keep it but only by power and people's will. Pune is better if you did not do it like this, my brother, Namaste, I did not come, I did not do this, I did not do that, you are not the only one such investor, break the relationship because we cannot maintain many relationships because our mind is attached with so many people. Toe elimination is with both of our body means physically going to dry them is imitation and the money we have is also limited. Okay, so these three things are our limited, these are the resources, these resources are this. Use it wisely, use your relationship widely. What I am seeing is that in trying to make many people happy, they are not able to make anyone happy and none of their relationships are surviving. This thing is very common in North India.  It is urgent that someone has put a son of someone's house to work. If the other business daughter-in-law has not been employed, then many a times he has to ask for all these votes. I have heard this from myself and from other works, I will take the name of a top politician or these.  Power for some years and the area witch is also belong to chhora hila diya doosra chhoda tha diya wahi like guys hey to vote maangna to this relationship is the truth of life is it okay or did did kar diya to suck your relationships very very very  Very careful by seeing the person who is after what of yours and for how long, okay a dates also from my my own years okay now more this plot is in my name  Do it then see, should I serve you to someone Grandfather-Grandson Spelling Dada Dada Plot Do it in my name Then see should I serve you to someone Hindi Old Man Booker Price Bichhude Quote Kitne more positive karta tha ok Subscribe Reality of your relationships are not working or not  Blindly Your Relationships And Relationship Relationship Is Very Important And Subscribe And Which I Cover Cover Sabse Badi Hai Ek Hi Rishta Hai Jeevan  What is there in me can be broken, even the good promises can be broken, the relationship with him over the lifetime can also be broken, it is not the parent-child relationship that you can subscribe, but it is the biggest one, subscribe on this and subscribe to remember who.  Sa relationship has to be maintained properly, how to maintain it, give priority and don't see, I don't break the Pacific, then if the rosary relationship is important then it will be kept on the brothers, appoint someone.  Subscribe to such a person, acquaintance in someone's family, it is exactly your family, but you have such a family on your side, two brothers and sisters, there is a question going on between the brothers, if you subscribe, then do it, you will see his relationship and which one is this?  It is important that you pay attention to both the things and if you do it as I explained then you will get peace in life. Videos like this definitely become big. Are you people in intellectual top ten?  If you have watched the videos then please type festival is ok otherwise please no. No need to type. This to-do list will appear in the play list. There will be appointed videos. These are very favorite among the videos. I know that the young generation is short on time. Things and so many Netflix and so many web series and so you can watch this, forward this thing to, don't be afraid, it is okay to forcefully ask these questions, relationship important pure cotton quickly one  I have a question, tell him brother, water, water and thank you.