Hello friends, today I have brought a very interesting topic. I will show you some examples and some patterns of the things I explain on Friday in my pet consultancy, how I approach different topics, so stay connected till the end. There are two takes in this.  I will tell you this and I will tell you in two recommendations in the ad. The name of the topic is Monthly Expenditure in a Household from 1942 2014, so in this we will take a tablet.  Will we go with the tablet I have taken? A Gazetted Officer 's group calls them the same as the top officials of the Government used to say in 1950, then the country became independent. By sharing with you the fish expenditure of 1969 3200 2014 or this mantra also. Your expenditure will not come from any loan, this income tax, this or our own things, it will come from the things that we consume, such as  Food, electricity, water, children's school fees, car petrol, this is what you and I do, basically, vote expenditure will come. 1942 A 20-year-old man living in Delhi, who had two children, will have 20 years of service in five to fifteen years.  His monthly expenditure was in 1947. It is ₹10. This is my very will start. It is cross checked. You can also prostrate this data openly. So, in 1950, his monthly expenditure was Rs. 10.  The family expenditure was ₹ 10, which is in 1960, the same unit of expenditure, if you read the expenses of other people in similar situation, it has become ₹ 1, then how much has become of ₹ 10 in this year. In 1968, the same expenditure should have increased ten times again, what a thousand rupees.  And then the monthly expenditure of thousands of rupees in 1990 increased to Rs.10000 in 2000 and the same expenditure now in 2020.  In a group of officers of any department in Delhi, he has been working for about 20 years, has a job, has two children, school going kids aged between 25 and 15 years, his expenses today are 1 lakh rupees, add to this the rent of about ₹ 3000.  So I want it in Delhi, if you get it, that's why I have taken a particular job. There are small towns and big cities in India. He will care for someone who has 15 years of service. He will also care for someone who has 25 years of service. Those whose children are in school.  I am not even studying, I am going to college and will take pea expenses too, I want to explain something to you by taking a template, I am explaining to you this thing, from 1947 till 100, every 20 years, ministerial expenditure is 10 cents big, this is a trend.  I have cross-checked it with those people who are in their time. It took a little more effort to find out 1948. 68th has passed very quickly.  12:00 I myself have seen the importance of Twenty-20. See, if you people also set the issue with something, then I will leave soon again. ₹ 15 has been in demand since 1968, now yours is 1 lakh, people are not paying the fare.  Those living in small towns who have got government houses, their true expenses will be Rs. 6570 towards the market. You can also do yours. If you find this interesting, then please subscribe to the channel. If you have not done so yet, and this  Please like the topic. It takes a lot of hard work to bring such interesting topics every other day, so it will be moral if you like this when you subscribe, then the result is those who are my subscribers who like the video. I request them to remember around them.  Friends, increase subscription by 5, new year is coming, any positive videos will fill my enthusiasm and stop because I am coming and they will be interested that they will also get free consultancy.  I will start giving that to that what is the air your door step takeaway, we have calculated this spiritual, this is a thick 3200 recipe, so you set the rock, then you do it is it okay is that okay now the biggest comment in this is felt  Tip one is expenditure increase is just that inflation is not just inflation in feeling if you calculate this thing increase 10 times in 10 years 20 years school  Let us see the percentage, it is on Greece, neither has it increased by 12%, this information is not on 12 cents, then it does not give the complete impression, there is aspiration in it, then how will we understand the aspiration, how to tell the quarters in the house in 1950, the weight aspiration of this family.  Such volume expression in End Twelfth, if the expression itself has changed in 20 years, then in Aspiration you have to put I in it. Bought a scooter in 1919, the weight expression is in 12:00, it was Maruti 108, so let's see, but it was Maruti, it was called Step, it was called Diet B, I am also non-official in Federation Cup Twenty-20, there is a side, the stopper between the two, it is  If the expression is correct then these aspirations are also increasing, so if we look at this, will the decision be taken in 2014 because the situation is from this year itself?  She is muting a big fat one of her friends, what will be the decision, she is very dutiful, but in the next tube, I would like to tell how high your aspirations will go, because aspiration is a desire, that will not happen, I am shaking these karmas. Delay will increase, Rs 1,000,000 will be spent but SP, if you don't earn then you have aspirations, don't travel, you will travel a little deeper, interesting mudrak on the video will stay connected then tell me  So I told that this aspirational game is an excellent example of expression. He remembers that 15-20 years ago, if any middle or upper middle class student was in tenth plus form, they kept telling him that something happened and then Ramdev ji told him.  He said that the plan is to turn around, it is fine and it will also improve the financial condition of the people, if people fast by giving them juice, then go to the houses, do not add it at all, not because of status, now give the garbage.  The thing is, do you mean these kind of trees are made in the factory? Now we will give juice, if it starts filling you with enthusiasm, then give it some more so that the sweet one is also not good. Constructed A is average, which is not the same, then it is the other one. That friend of the expensive servant came and edited, you keep a bar of fresh juice too, if the guest is in good condition of your house then you have to give fresh juice, then see this, I am telling you a small example inside the house, how it is going on. Now take that in the coming days, remove the organic special, there should be some English in the juice on the special court, if seen in this way then keep increasing the editions, we will keep discovering something new, so remember this thing that whatever game of money is going on. Yes, this is the trend line, so the video I had made a little while ago that the next one is being found at the time of retirement, friends, it is not much, it seems to be more, so I wanted to run with it, for whom that video has not been written then.  inches front  If you look at that also, it gets forwarded to you. Looking at the money, I had already told you that Nifty started with ₹ 10 and has reached 1 lakh in this year itself. Okay, so this is my first tip, money is the second.  Take care good lower middle class good numbers now I tell you the meaning of loving middle class understand this kg is upper middle class this one is brush this one is below that one this is middle middle class and this one is below that one and this one is in the round  Dance  If there is class, then this is above, this is middle class, this is middle class, this is blast, then there are these two in between, you have to smoke what will happen in this, I will take this and this to my audience, now which can also cover all the chords. So the rest of the people here should also sleep so that when they come up then I will come down, how to catch up thanks, listen about it, you have an income of ₹ 2000 and can work in the plate also, you work in the SIM that's what I came to know.  that your  If you have this status of society, you have found yourself here, your salary is ₹ 2 and you are here, the one who is on 6500 rupees is here, you are making 6 here, but if the wife of 6 is also less. Sixty-five society, both of them are teachers, this is the teacher in the government school, if they can get 6560 rupees, then this one will be 130, then it is you, but this is the tax left leg of both of them, we also have more of them, Shankar in this  If someone teaches tuition to a person then he has become equal to you but in status he is equal but in practical terms he is equal in terms of money so 10 people agreed but his thing is now these are the people who live at one place Malaviya transfer is not much and  Their expenses are not increasing much, both of them are working, the last one can get transferred to Bigg Boss, it is not your situation like it is at a specific time, there is so much pressure in the husband's job, he is not getting the money that If the children are small then I will be able to take part in it, then we are tapping these people. On the other hand, people must have realized that in the department in which you work, if you too used to travel in the car 15 years ago, then your  The lower staff had a motorcycle, the general staff had a bike and your special level had a car. Now you have seen that staff in the last five-six years, they have brought laptops, now the Desire has come, if they had been on the top position then definitely when  All that is clear, it is the people below you, it is on the design, so turning is you are sex post psychology click to go for r Now, for the next places, I want to tell the audience that what I will tell you in the recommendations for playing this game, it is okay that in that I will tell that  If you are playing a game with this book that I have put it in the mutual fund and put it in the balance, then it will be fine for me, this is not going to work, I am just giving the notification of Khajuwala area which is given below, normal Thakur friend, very Business Growth in Simple Now if you play the game then only those who are playing and they are tractor drivers and they live nearby and they have no shame in doing any work because Bigg Boss knows that we are doing something. He has a wife, he will do some work, you have closed all the things in your plant, that job is this will, romantic morals, in this matter, you do n't learn anything else, otherwise tomorrow you are free, you are retired, you have  There is time, energy, 25 more years to do but you have not learned anything, this one belongs to everyone in India, he is adding to the country's top leadership, he also needs to do even better, the lost schemes are also closed like this.  The upper middle school class will not feel the heat that Bigg Boss country has to pick up, many of our floor class will earn electronic money, the country will be coming and bring them at least, our average will now become average, our toh aand hai toh very  It is good for tailing and economy, the country will do a lot of good, only then I want to forget many people, these officers are the leaders, now do not put children in government jobs because in the next 30  Those who are going to grow for 40 years, they will go and send it because they will not get options. These days, only power is big in the beginning, it only seems that everything is clear, I have got so many jobs, I can stick with it, I thought, I saw peace and after that now.  If you do n't have anything then it is very full in the tanker, first of all my recommendation is to buy acid recharge heart to point and carefully scent but it is meaning of property only acid is a big thing so you will have to leave it because it  I want to tell people that this video player will go in less than 15 minutes, so I am destroying it here because you can buy Amit's mixed recipe, small and big, by doing all this, they are slowly coming up, but you have  Even now there is an advantage of taking something like this, I call it cold money, the things that the Gandhi family used to take and then their status never came down, the status of those who can come to their middle class like this will now come down.  Request This was my pyramid, now these five are here, Agyeya is having his day like this, this Sanam is becoming a little technical by wearing a mask, Video and Share My dear audience, premature by half an inch, this is my first one.  The second one of mine is that the family witch the stud near not to the junior group moving towards where you where very inclined place got most of that if means quarter in a house is ok so  I am in Singh Society in SIM city, 24 kilometers away, people around me speak very highly of me. When I do different types of cutting, I do it for children's career, I do it for children's family, so we don't know about the better condition of our child.  Don't know where will he go, what job will we give, your child will submit in seventh class, you don't know the limit, you didn't know but you felt the limit of even one subject, he will go after 12th, you realized after 12th, marriage.  Even if it happens, some girl or boy will spoon you or I will do it here, then you can be stingy with the job in the city that I have chosen this city, this is the poster of my life, among all the vegetables, the job I will get in this, we will do the opposite.  Let's start living together as the family does. Parents play a big role in this. Next, parents will think that I should stay in a small town and my child should do this project in a big city. So, whether your Delhi is small or middle class.  middle-income classes, you will start the lower middle well because you will change, you have to combine the resources, common driver, common vehicles, from commerce, one cooked the food, the other sent it, okay, do n't hide that, you have to stay close, not the mother-in-law.  The mother helped her daughter-in-law. The girl did the job for the daughter. The girl who gets support for four-five years, at a time when the children are very young, how does she get that job?  And the job was given to her by Kanit Pak 40 years ago. The girl who is 25 years old today has to work till her 75 years. Holding her, she needs support for 5 years, she needs her breath, she needs her strength, you need her all. So all these things will be found in one city when in India you have created a triangle and not just one in Delhi, one in Bangalore and one in Roorkee or Dehradun or Mohali or Kota, indicating that you can live in it.  If you tell me about the fans, then you do n't have any concoction, if they don't like anything there, then they will keep you roaming here, rent 6 places, both have different infections, meaning if you delete them, then the biggest takeaway in this is if the 10 lakh rupees in 2014  The expenditure being incurred by the state may not be yours, but if it is that of your children, then that expenditure will be borne by all of you, otherwise you will have to bear the brunt of your expenses.  It is decided that if you like this video then comment on how I liked it and no one related to it. Only one person has become my subscriber, so just like that I have added a live session on YouTube. If you would like a live session on this topic, please let me know.  Those who are my subscribers can connect with me on WhatsApp. In the suicide note, I will give them the link to the live session. We will decide this time with them and decide the topic so that the light is set for the live session.  I was waiting for a long time, I would like to inspect different offices, I would like to do shopping app, you can connect with me and subscribe also have, connect with me on WhatsApp and Rinku is recent.