Hello friends, today's topic is very deep and important, a little astrology will be developed, rest you can take science and English from above, whoever you want, where is this knowledge coming from, without discussing much beyond that, what is this knowledge and how it can.  Change your life. Focus beyond that, where is it written, why is it written, what is written, how is it written, do that for 43 days as per my advice and if your life doesn't change then tell me as a writer.  A man can only say that if there is no benefit then if he is my subscriber then leave him because subscribers are most important for a user, so listen to today's thing, how to improve your voice and how to have confidence. I will hold on to these two things.  I am walking because how people degrade theirs, improving is not the same as degradation, how people are reducing theirs, this topic will remain, listen carefully every time when  You call someone great and consider him great. In your mind you are reducing your life. You are spoiling your life by flattering the people and considering any leader as very great and considering any actor very great and considering any actress as better than yourself.  By respecting someone, hey sir, like this and including, I am saying to myself, hey sir, you don't like me very much, no no, do n't get too much of me, don't get too much of me. Whatever every person is doing in the public space, there is benefit in it, some are Uter, some are others.  Baba, is there any knowledgeable person?  Someone is a Guruji, someone is an Acharya, someone is a teacher, someone is a professor, someone is a leader, someone is a very big leader, everyone is doing something of their own, not to come in their O, not to come at all, not to come from within, from whom you can learn things and gain.  It is important that you understand the message. This does not at all mean that you should be rude and disrespectful towards people. What I am saying is that I am refusing to come in a blind eye. I am not saying to be rude, to be rude.  not speaking  Anybody Who Deserves One on One Normal Respect Let me tell you as an example, you are going in a flight, you are going in business class, you are sitting somewhere, let's say you collided with someone in economy or at the airport, then every time you see.  A celebrity celebrity means something, the first thing is to capture that thing on the phone, sir, take a selfie and that too in such an attitude or you tell me if you take a selfie with someone, what will happen from it, only this will happen, right?  You bumped into him somewhere, you took a photo of him and he is your friend, so he is not going to declare his power, you are not going to feel his power, the best thing is that if you meet Sambalpuri, then I will say that, I locked you in my dear.  There is more in life than what was young but it's okay, it's okay, I like you this and I respect you and I find your work nice and how are you Shahrukh, it's okay just like this, take my photo with me  Come on, then I should put that photo in the drawing room or put it on the wallpaper, then put it on the screen of my wife, my girlfriend, boyfriend, friends, parents, children, cute children, relatives, someone has to accompany them, has to capture some moment, all on me.  Because every time we live in so much of awe, sir, I am a big fan, whose fan brother, why a fan, why are you becoming someone's fan right now, he is the one in the awe, it is as if he is showing that.  Who is the cyclist, what is the flying beast, Dhoni, Dhoni's Dhoni, he is running his commercial venture, he is coming, I will not comment beyond that, videos are coming, views are coming, you see all that, you are a fan of that person.  The one who is a fan of someone else has also fallen, yours is also falling and everyone is falling. Make up your attitude of not being a fan of anyone, even if it is just a little bit, it will come, but every time I see it.  I am staying  Someone or the other is becoming someone's devotee. It is a different thing to become God's devotee by force, but if you become a human being, you will go down to the same level and what are you thinking that I should become such a servant to him and I should lie down.  If I bow down, I will get some benefit from it. You will not be able to get any benefit from it, it will fall to your soul level and you will fall to your level, you will be worthless when you feel so much about me.  Subscribers write well, everyone says something about me, do it like this, where does it come from, what is in me, what attracts so many of you is this thing only when I say I am the number one, many people think that you are  Who is your number one listener in the newspaper that I am saying I am the number one? Can you say that you will keep listening to someone else? You will keep telling someone else's narrative.  You will live in someone else's agenda. You are spoiling your sun. The sun is the soul. The sun is your glory. It is visible on the face of the human being. The extinguished light is visible on the face. The light of the sun is visible on the face. There is sparkle in the eyes.  And there is sparkle in the eyes, there is sharpness in the personality, it gives energy, if you feel for someone and you feel good then learn from him, today I am teaching you openly, don't be my fan also to me too. whatsapp 2 crores will come but even I get 550 100 messages O I am really a big fan too don't be my sun Don't spoil your sun Speak about useful things If you want to learn something you want to know Tell me if you want to understand about useful things then tell anyone here at any time  It is not a good thing to push someone down, to insult someone by force, to lower someone's self-esteem, to hurt, to be rude, it is all wrong, but I feel the feeling of being wrong. You all and the world know that this is wrong and should not be done, but I realized this thing that no one in the society is telling because look at the work of all the celebrities, influence politicians, people in power, people, the achieved thing is that you  Stay in their channel, when so many celebrities are coming in their channel, you are not getting any gain, just you are in their channel, as if it is a channel of flying beast, they are riding a bicycle, so they are in channel.  Dhoni, you are cooking a story about him and he and that thing should be taken advantage of, you are not getting any value added, now beyond that, if you want a separate video to give clarity, then I will make the same.  What is that phenomenon, what is it, without criticizing the creator, without making it directly personal to anyone and telling him what is happening, beyond that, I will explain this thing very clearly, but today my only repeated objection is.  This was to be done, don't come into anyone's off, don't even come into genuine o, and when we come into fake o, what is called sycophancy, you know he is a crazy butch and you praise him, that is a big compulsion, then in compulsion.  You have to do it, otherwise why would you do it, if you praise someone who has nothing to do with you, you will force it, even then it will be bad for you, it will be bad, the sun will be bad, your personality will be bad.  Do n't do it even in sycophancy, no no, actually I consider him inferior but he has to do it many times brother sir, you explain, you don't have to do it, don't do it, it is a big compulsion, it causes some harm at the soul level, first of all, no one's  So neither raise nor lower, if you do not like a person, do not like his words, then it is okay, neither lower too low nor raise too high, keep yourself like this sitting on your head and keep things as they are. Don't come to me I hope how many of you will follow this advice please write in the comment section because if you will fall don't follow ok if you will follow then I have these practical things lined up for you I will tell you further also brother  Where there are buyers of any knowledge then they will open the bundle of knowledge if they want to listen otherwise they will not open it, there is a lot of it where it is written which verses of which.  There is no meaning on the page. Do you understand? Do it for 43 days. Do it for one and a half month. Don't force yourself to be in someone's life. Just look at your mind. Where your mind goes. If you like someone very much, you like his words.  You are very impressed and if you get a chance to meet him then ask him that Bhai Saheb Sir Guruji, how do you do it? He will say, Amul Macho very easily or whatever, he will teach you something. Will tell if instead of interaction, take a selfie, take a selfie, take a selfie here, take a selfie, why is there such a craze for selfies, if you meet a top politician, then Namaskar ji, I listen to your speeches, it feels good, no, take a selfie when you meet him.  You will not take selfies and will not come closer then that person will give you space and time and he will also become curious brother, you come every day, you come, what do you want, you are not taking photos, don't want anything better than that, will happen that Is also the message because that person is also used to this only come and take a photo with me like this so follow this advice thank you very much