Hello friends, this is my first video of this kind on this channel, so friends, if it is the first, then watch it completely and do the comment section, we will discuss the movie, year after thinking, this movie which is Pushpa Movie, you can watch the movie anytime, any time at that time.  It tells the thinking of the people about this movie which became a hit, this is what happened, so many people liked it, whenever we like something, it is not bad and that thing is good, how are we, the movie is good, the dialogues are good, the actors are good.  Acting is good, it will last for years, it connects with us somewhere on the back, on our subconscious, that's why we like it, it tells us what our thinking is, I like it like this, then if in 1968 Bharat Manoj Kumar ji's  The movie used to come was called 'Traffic', at that time it was of that kind, there are 31 in the country and it was ' Jai Jawan Jai Kisan', okay 'Pukar', when the movie came, you can relate this app to how India used to think, so today we will discuss about Pushpa Movie.  That if you look at it only on the superficial level, there are many people who are more sophisticated educated people type, how is that nonsense, what is this meaning, it means okay, some smugglers and smuggling and what is all this on the superficial level below that.  There are subtle things, people like it, it is showing that today you must like this movie, there is a question about its template, if you look at this movie, what is it, then this is what I am telling you. If you don't give me respect at this time, it is very big. I am the one who discusses the songs, acting and editing in this. I discuss the second, third and fourth quarter of this movie. When he speaks, I will not bow down in the same way you do and with that style and attitude. Now we want to live with that ticket, we want to tell this to our boss in our job, we like this thing, if we are not able to do that, then what can we accept, should we become Pushpa, what can we learn from Pushpa?  are a joke  It is okay to see Udya I am not talking and toll off its story and theme and comment on it and fight and quarrel Autopsy says chhoot yaar can one live with such attitude so you have to see something that when a man is a laborer and he starts in a scene  I am sitting thinking that if no one shows respect to Bigg Boss then why am he not standing then I have come in the job of giving respect, that means I have come to do this work, so we can relate a lot but only in the center.  Vriddhi Stick Valve, he is a daily wage laborer type, so there is nothing below, no one will see it because someone else will keep him, but those of you who are in 68 jobs with a package of Rs 2550 75 80 lakh, the further appraisal is going to be a good increment.  Many years of woman ahead of your desire, can you do this, you can say this, it is for you to see, so what can we do now, if we cannot say this, then in woman  So if you do this then one thing can happen in movies, you can respect your boss or someone's coercion in your mind, you can reduce all the servant nature which is there for sale, reduce it a little.  If you can have an attitude, that one is difficult to come by in real life, it is different because exaggeration seems to be a figure of speech in movies, it is fine to convey something, then the program itself is different, its character is very difficult to be like that, Pushpa.  Do you feel like saying something like this because many people think of us as a tower? When we are crushed, it hurts, and then we feel like saying that I am not a flower, I am fire. It is okay to speak but to explain.  It comes slowly with this movie, if your emotions are awakened, something like this should not be written in the woods section, the motions do not have to be extinguished by pouring cold water, you have to move towards freedom and these motions are awakened with great difficulty.  Movies come every day which arouse such emotions. I have made 300 plus videos on the channel so far. I have not tried to make anything like this. If I talk about the movie, can I talk about the movie? 11 movies that are of good quality, then this movie came.  And it will go away, but what can we extract from it? Look, these are a lot of 25 to 40 year old people who are setting an average for it. 60 year old people who want to retire and do a job, they are not able to understand.  What nonsense is happening, the man who is suffocating is in his turn that my job is to give clarity and show this freedom to the people who are in the formation, that egg people are styled like this, that little child whom all of you who have seen the movie understand.  It will come that when that child grows up, he has sliced ​​me, if anyone ever gave me respect, then why should I also give someone 230 tables for nothing? Not getting to go, who is doing it forcefully in our country. Permission is sought when Bigg Boss sits on top, this paste should be commanded, it should not be demanded that he should respect me, do good morning, good evening, happy happy Diwali, elders are forced, don't force all this from your elders.  To force it is wrong. Only give respect to people. What you think is only you have to decide. Don't force anyone because force is not respect. Respect is not respect.  They are like, I am fine, you understand that respect is not where it is given by force, so if you were given respect then give it only to the person who treats you well, then only do it to him and when you have to forcefully give permission to people, then you  We were not living a good life, this channel is all about helping people living good life, making people release what is the difference between a forced life and a good life, ok, it does not mean fighting.  I have caught the illegal activities and all these other things in the movie. I have only caught the gang members, whatever that minister, the helicopter, their attitude, so that's five percent of their attitude. It's okay and that expenditure is my style.  Apna fun ki me jo ke song ok hai tum me holiday song meaning do such situations accompany us that we have to bow down yukt youth do situation and triad toe  Avoid being in a situation, you always have to stick to it, being very hungry will neither help you nor you will start having pain, so enter and along with that, questions come in the movie, you know, they don't love you too, good acting and dialogue dialogue dialogue popular because  As a human being, this is why I should stop in front of these people, maintain an equal relationship and remove from my life those who do not respect you, this is a big thing, we will do it if our own people do not respect us.  They give us many consistent money, it's okay, remove them too, life is so short that one day he will understand my Potter, one day he will understand my sacrifice, one day he will not understand my life, people of Nashik are most of the people, it is okay to be specific.  So please give him a new birthday, Google it again and find out what not to add, respect yourself and secondly if he respects you then thank you to conduct him you 0 to  Send it and someone is taking you to 30418. If someone is taking you to zero, then just award him, you will be able to live a very good life and whatever fear is there, whatever fear is there, it will be missed, this will not be my promotion, so you have there.  You have put your eggs in your egg basket, there is a maid, Pushpa example, this is the example, but let me give you an example from Gurgaon, okay, medico example, okay, she does a very tough job.  I turned on the light and said to my mistress, I was on my way and there was some scuffle in front of me in some other house, so she said to the mistress and went away, I don't come, you rude person who would have respected us. From North East Side, Pingle Side Door, is it okay?  And you know a little bit of their Hindi, they talk like this, they would have known, understood what they were saying, so basically Joe Megh notes that I don't own this, this is not mine, Reliance does Potter School and will do it, so tell me if you use ATM.  Are you slapped or anti anti or have experience from some other college? Your situation has been exposed by the case media too. You are so worried about your pimples and due to this you need a job with salary and your refusal.  You are not needed at all, if you know that you are so useless, then realize your value, do not indulge in sycophancy, because in sycophancy, your value falls in your eyes, then you feel that Sycophant, submissive, life moves forward with folded hands and feet, so then it is washed in you, then you feel that I don't know what I will get, oh where I have got that perfect thing which you thought, that post has been found and it is done.  You will lose yourself. If you have to be passionate about someone in your life then please don't be about your job. Be about your family and relationships and children and wife. I hope this is a little different and you like it.  People think tank about this, about the Pushpa movie which I had seen, since then I too have started sitting like this on my own. Okay, this has happened in one or two videos and on chairs and fennel.  If the hand comes like this, then tell me how did half the people like the movie? You think like this, a lot of people are identifying that movie. I talk about ID in my webinar. When we identify with something, only then I like that thing.  If it comes, then accept the fact that you like it, then question what is the reason, just don't mean that the person is good or the setup is good or whatever it is, it is there, we will keep it first, but what is the reasoning behind it?  Whereas the North Indian audience which normally watches double and South Indian movies normally does not watch so many movies, then why is it because that feeling is that it is on the universal job, this thing is very much  Universal has done this so please like and share the video. On this side, there may be some other movies which have been included in the old movies, so if you want, I can also make a movie series in which we will learn what is good and what is very bad in our iconic movies.  What was taught got attached in our mind and we have to remove that thing, so this video has a potential to take the form of a series and I can make two to four-five more videos like this because my  notes ready  That's Unmukt and he notes that those movies have fooled us a lot. Okay, so on those movies too, if you want a video to be made then I will definitely make it. Please do let me know. Thank you, thank you.