Hello friends, there is no particular topic, I have brought real estate updates about what is happening in this rainy month. I have posted the detailed project review of Signature Global in Sector-37 Delhi, Gurgaon on the premium channel for premium subscribers.  It is there in the appointment that it does not show any side effects but it has been explained very well which thing has to be taken for this purpose and how, which flop, which time and what world has to be done and it gives it in this.  So what you want to see is that you can become a member on the table with the joint button, it is of diamond membership cases, you can go and see that previous it's birth date you will also get edit WhatsApp group here I try to add a lot of welding that  There are configurations in the land but if there is use and holding, then there are many finds, you will feel that there are more than what is promised, but you will get to see my videos on the community page, you can like me like these.  If you can go to Delhi, you will get all the videos, you can understand from their topics, you have to take membership, you do not have to take knowledge, it is only eight per month subscription, come on Deliberately Kept for a Lobotomy channels, people keep a lot of them, they keep thousands of animals. But I have kept it low in caliber, I do not review in the open channel, I do not tell some things that the market- leaving thing is completely true, but that is my marking.  It is not to be raised or lowered based on facts but to be told to a few people because those videos cannot be forwarded because sometimes such things can be said which are very easy to make people crazy. By forwarding, my intention is to tell some such things.  Which I myself don't want to create a lot of noise for everyone, but those who are interested can go and see, I have reviewed 3070, this is Shapoorji's recipe, that scene is from Indian, this is from Shobha City.  And every week there will be one project, in the next three to four months, almost every project of Gunas will be covered in it with details of what to take, what not to take, why to take, why not to take, how to take, I will tell all those details in it, like normal. You see on YouTube, it is not like this, my face will be seen and my voice will be heard and you will understand everything in your mind, now you know the rate of MRP 106 on updates, thankfully it will come online in a few days.  I will come to know about Harold's and in that I am most organized and what I thought 31 which I want to share is that 108 300 are coming in it, many like you are giving my space with this letter, nowadays 37th like withdrawal also  It is being given, so it seems to me that you are ready like this in local also, this 193 news is needed, meaning there is a commercial on 6 affordable flats and I have heard that the market  There are rumors that it is very expensive and even mine was not given, so I was thinking that if you spend Rs. 10,000 or more on a shop in 6 houses, what will you do more than this, then how to calculate the lease of rights in the sales after 60-70 years.  Will wear equal, in every society there are shops, there are the balls themselves, at the back there is the bye, there is the rules side of 106, next to it there is the India Bulls, there is the procession next to it. Now the crotch is less and no longer visible, now the crotch is on the same road, it is absolutely touching, okay, if he is going to come to the mall, there is IF E D EMO deficient resistance, okay, then it is okay to see, this is the call ahead, the shop at the back is like the face.  Call for it, get validation done in affordable housing and it is okay that people from outside are not going to come and shoot, only people from there will meet there on the 13th, if there is some plot, then divide it and see how many people will take what place here too.  It has come out, it has been taken out, but you use your intelligence, obviously if you want to fold it there, then apply if there is no job, I will do mud treatment on it when it comes, even today it has come incomplete, so if he is telling, then he is covering a  There is one more thing that I want to tell you. Input cost has increased a lot in real estate. I was telling this thing when it was increasing because cement is such a thing that if you don't put it in the car like Ro Sakoon, then its rate is not known. Now of Haryana  There is one thing that he did not buy from the market but now there is one thing which you do not do every day and there are more such conversations now on select feeling us friends returned in this painting is maintained it is not a rate today.  If an article is written then the person writing the article is a boy or a girl, they listen like this, they follow real estate so silently, let them go to the President's Award, if they write on this, then they hit 4 Google and they come out with something like that.  He tells the things which I have told earlier, so today I will talk a little about my mother, whatever I tell, I want you to analyze and check it and tell me in the comment section that I was telling it in pet. I have been telling since the comment in the newspaper because both the things I am telling are coming forward and sometimes it becomes necessary to tell. From the Prime Minister to the Chief Minister also come and show theirs, every person shows his when I  I will be wrong on something  I will cover that also eventually, I had said it like this and it did not happen like this, the syllabus of the commercial has changed a lot, it has changed due to my videos, what has happened, what has not happened, write in the comment section about the commercial while keeping my hands with me. Tell me, don't talk about that thing in it, like my grandfather was 102 years old and was defeated 1020 times every day, tell him that if smoking causes early death and diseases, then he will have issues.  You will find people who will cut the conversation and no one will tell you the whole thing, why Grandfather goes to the fields to water the fields, used to eat desi food, used to pay excise duty and lived in not protected area and his life was all misery, the lady's vagina was open to men.  They will not stop that they will tell the whole thing, they will buffoon them by holding only one point, they will be called anti base rate, whenever any girl is told that she is medium, 98% applicability.  Hundred percent like, nothing happens, it is switched off, it shows the correct time twice a day, which is allowing it to work, if you do not have a salary, it does not mean that you say 6:00, the time is fine, show it twice a day, then something will be fine. Notification and okay then you can tell me in the comment section what is not that you are talking about from the commercial side, I want to make more videos on one thing and tell me that people are thinking about real estate in a very wrong way.  There are 170 people on social media and all the people are builders and home sellers who want you to be able to approach the related person in a particular way. In my personal concentration and destruction, I am telling you how to approach this if you  Want me to make a video for you guys on how to approach residential real estate. When the thinking goes wrong then whatever happens on the ground goes wrong and here you will get the level of thinking. But you are logging in flats. Have I thought about leveling you up? You are doing cosmetic things but you have to remove img34 order from your mind, sit quietly and see where the logic is, where the data is and that thing. What can be done daily on Google or in any government office or through RTI, can you verify this? Bhardwaj ji, Chairman Maruti has revealed that Rs. 18 thousand crores are being spent on the plant. This planning will be done to avoid 7:30 vehicles, will Pushp come, has he told them that Maruti wants to leave their three hundred acres of land vacant and have more than 18 sectors? They are even toxic and what effect will it have if you do all these things?  If you want, I will make a video. If you want, I will make a video on 10 sectors, I will also make it because 109 tractors have been presented in a very wrong way. Do you want on that?  Someone did a traffic impact assessment and told you all that you have to tell my audience that I will not release such videos even if you want that this will not be a photo of the road, it will not be like any other news channel that here  But the ad is coming from the builder and another poster of the same Twitter is saying that do it for the builder but tell the people there that the reason they are in electricity is because of the government, because of time, it is some other Shudra.  Problem  What happens in life, Alice like me, let's see that 100% methane, 90% truth is told and 10 cents add some flavor of your own, the answer will not be known and that flavor itself will impress the game, it makes an example of 102 sector.  The video turned out to be very English, Achcha Goli Maarenge, just like BBC's Prakash Bhar, when that impression is given to the people, it is also of good quality, it is spoken in harsh Hindi. Drone shots are taught, very high quality videos are shown and all the things are shown. If the anti-person truth is told in the elections, then people bow down. It is told that there is water a little below in Sector 102 or the roots of it can be found in 20 minutes.  The water will increase, there is no use of taking it there and she shows the lake which is of Sultanpur but she did not tell how much distance is there between the two. 90% of that has gone from there. Love to the king from here. 34 Everything is right in that. Only 20 seconds of the video has John in the content, rest of them are very good but how can that video insure the people, now the Bhinders are cutting each other like this and that is until a builder comes to that area. Moriya is bad and when he comes to this area then it will get better so it means for the area and it is ok for the area and the one who is not there is also a stupid proverb in Peshawar about the sun, ok the proverb is for the tortoise but the problem is right there.  so i  You guys have to make up your mind that everything else is in gray, both the learning related to the minimal mission in black and white clipping, this is the thing, this one is good but this one is bad and this one is just bad, how bad it seems to you, then you take a decision, then this one  If you want this kind of quality videos, thank you, believe me, I will make it, but my request is that you people should subscribe and add a little, because only by subscribing, there is power in adding, so that the person you are listening to likes this kind of video. That breaking news operating content want that too much to be told on five in the constitution that it is a game imprisoned inside reviewed the mechanism is being told more speedy it is told that if telling in one go will not be fun then that is becoming the new regular exercise  The story is such a dynamic situation, you can't think in the list, you are okay brother, real estate face one point and because your life's earning is one crore, then today's days have become such as if you call it a budget, then these crores would make you feel shy.  They say that 1 crore encroachment free and good listener is also good, keep a little budget and let me tell you, it is okay to come more in one, so look at it factually, how much money can be earned, jobs worth Rs 40000, perspective 30 40 50 that according to that.  Look, friends, if you had a monthly income, you would have been happy, then if you decide, then look how wrong it is like 17 years, then do it and if you have less savings, then it is Chalisa, friends. That you are very serious that I have to teach these things which are very important, I will show them in Vaidya Nath to those who are watching the ad forward webinar, if you join hands with these and if you are not connected to me by carat then do the webinar and type my and you will get Vyas.  This month I am giving it for free. In the month of Sawan, I am not charging for All Winners Shastri. I have my own astrological consultations. Sometimes, I used to have the table not only on Sundays but that too not for many days.  Let us tell you that those who are connected, those who are connected, we do not need to do so, they get the notification and because I was like a teacher in the webinar, I am in real estate, it is understood behind you as if on a black board, that thing is done by doing calculations.  He says, I want to eat like that, I want to reach that level, many people have joined you like this who are not interested in buying but brother, you will spend 2 years and learn and then ask for removal of conviction.  Things go together a lot, one should know what to see, what to understand by seeing and how to approach him, so go to good, use best products, pocket and maximum question goes to me. I am very thankful for innovative who.  Always get confused, there is softness in the menu, I don't like two years' words that Sir, I trust you, you tell me, it is like that, posted on your site, then take this, happy, okay if you  If you want to press in life, then do it only with yourself, there is no need to trace anyone else, there is no requirement, there is a requirement to report that a disaster is coming, that means you know the matter and you should not invest any money where the matter is pending. You pimple your money wasted interest and related this time to uproot and trust medium I teach a lot of marketing people to schools opposition leader humko bolta hoon awards english words and trust also less whatsapp  Set Rashmi, there are no difficulties, today I will tell you the inside, this is human psychology, brother, there is a need to open, I am a bachelor, I am the 2nd in the organized trust, Modi ji is the Prime Minister of India, this report is in the trust only, I know finance. Country Captain of Indian Trust in the year I have to go to I want to do you know it and it comes to do not meet Jhar Peer Trust which extracted from me explained  And what cannot be shown and which a 12-13 year old child himself cannot understand and is talking about at a level above that, then you should understand that that thing is not for you and secondly, the chilli in the commercial is laced with arsenic. Let's give it in some other video, I won't give it today, today's video is about what kind of videos do you publish, which ₹1000 do you want in the comment section, because now I have made a base by giving some space and product to every state. Level with not s old s of mine No one is going to add to this that having the patience to understand my words at that level can be the change in which arrogance is seen from the professional in everyone because I talk and explain in a royal way that this is my  Planet so that a 12 to 14 year old child can understand and there are 10 to 12 to 14 lines, if he is big then his patience has been hammered since week 2 and he should put it in this box.  Don't need because I do 68th different things I he religious I ask dua okay strange associated with them back ground so he was here greatest could so matriculation pass notification logic real estate this kind of things and loot someone  There is not one thing that does not hit on this in itself I Sudesh me add peas in relationships which you have defined how will go in a very urgent aap mujhe ek banda dikha to  Not just by talking in 5 minutes, I can tell that only he can take the bread, he only needs to see his horoscope, people have to give him the horoscope, you ask more, how many will you see even without the horoscope, okay, you get to know, okay, so this is such a video.  Subscription is Subscribers you can increase Hey you can write in the comment section Previous Song Mode Own Words You Will Find Something New and Interesting Coming Positive You Are Interested Ka Hour  Or butter paper and this also used to be there but by applying different types and different flavors you will get which poetry do you want, you can write in the comment section.