Hello friends Mi G 106, the time is over, how many applications did it come with, I will tell you which one, tell me something about Twitter, tell me something about Fall 455 Singh, I will tell you something about a little gimmick, so stay connected in the video.  Those who are watching such forward please subscribe and if you like other things then please like, share and comment. Maji is about 106 and about 1000.  The chance of application is with you, one of the 13 seniors, about 13 1467, less people did it in every tit and more in the wish, for many years, the tweeters did it in Ae Mata Ji also, so what should be the strategy, what should have been thought about it?  If we discuss about it, then many people did Hanuman Ji and the number could have been even higher if someone had marketed it or there were incentives. When there are no incentives, nothing happens, then it is just told once and first.  There was no discussion after two days, there was no mention of it, nothing happened, gradually people kept doing it, many people felt problems, write about it in the comment section and there is also an appeal to the government that you have opened it online, very good.  There is a thing, but along with this, the application was normal like earlier, let that thing be there, there should be facility for both the things, it is one thing, there is no need to give the other, understand the reason for it, there are very educated people who will experience this problem in their life.  Violence in these educated people, if I feel educated, then this payment has been done with those who are not so advanced in technology, it is showing as pending, do not make the second payment, whom should I talk to, who will be the phone number, who will pick up and  Those who will solve the problem, faced a lot of problems, put it in the paste or not. You don't have any dependent in English, but if you have to put the name, then this kind of stubbornness makes you feel the properties in the comment section. You people write only then that ghee reaches the residence and forward this video to the people as well because press as many problems as possible so that the people coming do not have to do this. Second thing, if yours comes out in which cent, then the draw of both is your first, within a second of the weekend.  It will happen within 14th and 15th September, the results will come, then whoever has applied for the question in the test and their MRP is also out, then you have to take the midnight in which debit, there are chances of getting out.  2BHK, these two extremely high applications, which have been installed in 2BHK and it is certain that one hundred percent of the family will get it, even if one has been installed, it is too much, it did not even get people's attention, which tweet got maximum attention and above 3BHK, it has chances.  It is around 25 cents, then in 2BHK plus duty, the chances go down to 3335, there are good chances to get out and in 2BHK,  There is a very high chance and it is Mi G. I told you that the chances are lost 232 14%, so in the coming time, some affordable ones will still come, but you can award some affordable ones whose names you do not know and whose location is not good.  There is no need to forcefully solve it, you have to understand the possible. If you have already got any affordable pass for practice, then you can tell me which one you are getting, as long as you know.  This thing is needed so late, like a train, a post is running 3 inches, people say that they take the money in three installments, but it is not written anywhere that it will be given within 3 years, the master has kept it under RERA.  There is a date, if there is a delay from that date, then only the government intervenes. There is no cloth of penalty, so if you delay the money, interest will be charged on you, but if the builder delays, then the builder has not seen it, it is like that and he will give it.  The comment itself can give him a penalty, you can't do anything about it, you read it, it is not right to hear about affordable housing, it is not right for those who live in this city or not, but it is true that the price is there, there is subsidy, you should think that you are free from me.  You will get it in 5 years. If you are a good winner and do not have good returns, then maybe you will get it in six years also. In the time of Rona, the same is given by the court, so you should follow the date given by RERA only so that they can get it. external  You paid the money and when you got the flat, we consider it as time, how much time it took, because even after getting the first one, a lot of work is left, so many people are happy, there are many types of affordable ones within 103 sectors, know the depth. It is definitely a matter of discussion but the practical issue is that there is a practical issue in getting the plot right from the entry of the first person till the last person in any project. It is seven to eight to nine.  month  It will seem to be the best way but with one drawback, what I have covered in my earlier videos, everyone does not understand the extra charges which are for talking because the polish has changed in the meantime, so now it is foldable, yes, it is a good product, better ones will come in future also. We will tell you that the judges who are good will do the review in advance, like they do in the movie, when it is about to be released, because you will comment on it, not many people are going to cover it further, but the statement that will come now.  Deendayal Upadhyay was the day when there was a fight in the chanting table, so Deendayal Upadhyay was not there, now only Deendayal Upadhyay is coming, so it will be told from him only what is good and what is bad, but this does not mean that it has become double bad, it is affordable.  But you can increase the table by that much, 95% where to get maximum 5 question projects and very  Eager degree of time dependent and location and jacket show that now people are getting Reliance when people are looking at Deendayal's rates plus one car parking policy, there is a small heart-sized amount of cement in it, the rest is not complete. Red is 25 lakhs, now it is 6575 40456 We women, this is the truth of the world and life that when something good is happening in front of us, then so much more is going on due to its negativity.  It is a matter of great mercy that we will have a car, we will put a car worth Rs 24 lakh on the road anywhere, anyway, it is an affordable one, so everyone has the other thing to work on, wherever there is land or there is more space in double, like there are many projects where there is high tension. If Banjara has left two-three acres of land vacant below, then there is space in such a project for six percent. If all the people who have got it will grease it, then the builder can sell them car parking, then that is a facility that they can get.  From  I can't go into the reason why, especially some projects have been launched recently in which some physical space has been left, so this is a web about it. Now I will tell you about the first and second voting. Sapne MRG saw well and put seven-eight times applications in it. If you had put in the contact also, you would have got a chance to get out. Is that project much worse than the market? The one that was taken for this is very expensive and the entire project remains the same, would you not have taken it as per your wish, yet the chart was in pieces in the MRP. So much  Commission has been deleted everywhere so that those who remain calm may have an issue with it. I want to ask you one more thing carefully. MRP is 106 technique reaction oil because there is another road, it is here, it is Sono and if it is a wish then it is here.  It has been heard that the 13 shop letters are coming and are coming in 183 shops, if there is a multiplex in those shops then the movement of vehicles and all this will happen there due to which 109 sectors will be affected.  But what will be the effect, I have discussed it in my video which I have put up for premium subscribers, you can see the join button below it if you are sure. 9 Again you can join and watch that video. You can watch the videos of premium subscribers on the community page.  You can go and see the topics to see which videos have been posted, which are price stick things, telling them may cause some controversy or may kick someone in the stomach, I would award such things.  I am open about why I don't normally review any project, but in the coming time, I will reduce the number of some projects, but mostly the reviews have been done on the premium channel, I have reviewed one more prostate, which is new and it is new.  I do n't even want to put on premium in which you have summer project 1 hour review if you can clear that AC to tire to see everything is there and by default between 126 and two three in that  BHK is coming, how to review the breakdown in one hour, what is good and bad, there is a good example, if you want to see it, then you can connect with me, I will give you the link directly and if not to anyone else, then do not watch it on YouTube channel.  Will get to see the matters in the job, that too Delhi is Greater, why premium compliance also, not everyone will understand the whole thing as I have done in 1 hour, so those who will be interested, there is one particular thing which I have recorded my talk.  If you have done it for 1 hour then you can watch it and you have to watch that in life never make good enemy of better if you like something better then do n't look behind the output never make best enemy of good if you are getting something good then take this faction. I want paste only, so what are the best quality and chances of getting it, it is a loot for many people and my specialty is in lemon juice, you people have applied, yours will come out and who will be from the set ones, once I leave.  If you have it, then you will take it in MRP, so in which shift, whoever is wait-listed, I hope that all the weight lifting people will be cleared. Out of these, there are 150 confirmed meetings sitting at home, then the shortfall will be 100 to 120 cleared because those 800 people will be cleared.  It will turn out that those Muslim majority in the city have applied and carry the daughter of End Probity in your body, at least a hundred people agree on what I said.  19 years of age will be released, those who have it will also be released in the market and how will their energy loss be solved? Peace will follow, they will cancel and some may also be in other AC coaches, husband's too has gone out, wife's too has gone out, so if you  If you get the waiting list then you have to keep it in the contact, the original one may not be so clear but the sure mistake of corn sand is not even in these green tow withdraw your application from me.  According to this, the waiting list of the contest will be cleared in one and a half month. Thank you have a