Hello friends, welcome to money mindset series video number five today, before starting the video, I will request all of you who are watching this video that this is my series and my channel, that is my request to your children to subscribe.  You are older than 15 years, you are older than a child of 15 because I am spreading the facility in this, this is the thing which is not told in schools, colleges in which it is not told and children.  I don't understand it because there is no education inside the school, so my request is that the children should invest their time in IPL, they are using a lot of time in things, so if you subscribe to my channel and watch my videos, there will be some benefit.  The channel has just started, this is only the fifth video, so the sooner you add it, the more interest you can get. Many people take the child to a career counselor and sometimes even take him to astrologers to tell him about his future. What will the child do, how will be the career, how will be the features, I want to tell you, there is no need to go anywhere, look at your child's YouTube channel, what does he watch, why are he subscribed, what is his interest in the graph, where in Facebook, how much.  Is he wasting his time or is having a war match? Look at his WhatsApp DP. You will not get messages from his friends because there are privacy issues even for children. Tell him about the privacy of the child. Do n't show me your beauty. Who is the friend circle? Just see his DP and you will start understanding it automatically. You will start understanding it just by seeing the DP of us children. This reminds me, I had to make a BP video. If you guys want, then this video will get 50 likes.  I will make you a very interesting video on OTP, so my request is, get this video liked by 50 people, please like me, I want to make a very interesting video on DP, it has not been made anywhere, I think till date no one has made WhatsApp and WhatsApp on YouTube.  Deep inside I feel like telling people on DP, but if they show a little interest then I will definitely tell. So coming back to the topic now, the topic today is mutual funds, is it right? So I will tell some things about mutual funds which  Maybe you do n't have the idea, after this you decide, then I will tell you according to the example. You came to me, you told me that it is ready to move in, I want to buy a house, I want to buy.  This is what I got you to buy from me, that house at one percent brokerage is real, now Haryana Government has imposed brokerage at one percent, you cannot take more than one question, this thing was very very good at the portal, so I got you that house, you liked it very much. You bought a house worth one crore, you gave me one lakh rupees. Good bye bye, thank you that you are living comfortably in that house. After one year, I come to your friend's step, call you and say, Sir, what is your 1 lakh rupees for? Makers  Please get it home, tell me in the past, get it here that I have given 1 lakh to your office, keep in mind that if I don't get it, I will have to give it every year, every person will say this against your use, no, tell me, like it if you like this.  I have understood this much, I have understood this much, like it, write in the comment section, there is one more thing in mutual fund, you have invested two to two and a half percent expense in mutual fund, the fund manager can do whatever front church.  He is taking two and a half percent from you every year. Even though he is taking 18896165 crores, he is taking 20 lakhs. If he is increasing at 20 lakhs, then he is taking two and a half lakhs from you. If it is decreasing, then he is taking 80 lakhs. So, he is taking two lakhs every year.  He is taking a year from you, wherever your money is invested, you know this, you don't know this, and this is when you have put it in direct key, if you have taken any intermediate key or broker in it.  His trail commission is coming separately, so this thing is very good, friend, say no but 2 cents, you see in 15 years, I spend a big amount on 10th birthday, I spend Rs 15,000 in 10 years, that is a command, this is two and a half percent. Complete thirty percent is the return of murder and when you sell it for 10 present government but in the text it is mentioned that it is government, then it becomes 43 percent.  14% is the sum but in any fund you also know that everyone remains connected, sometimes you buy, sometimes you sell and then he says it has gone bad, it has become good, take another one, it is called Children's Inn, in this also it is launched every time because you have a united entry.  This is also the case, you put cents on your 10, 12, 15, 60 cents from childhood onwards in your 10 years. I am not at all saying that equity investment is bad or that equity investing is bad.  It is a very good thing but I am telling you the story that mutual fund is good, nowadays the bread has also reduced and now they have started looting because of the returns. The second thing is long term SIP in long term mutual fund. 15 to 20 also means that you will earn good money in 15 to 20 years but 15 to 20 does not tell you that when a marriage is breaking in the fifth year then there is something in the long term.  No, it does not mean that you do not know whether the marriage will remain, the job will remain, you have started SIP with the income tax person, you can withdraw money from the income tax person, the children have lost their jobs, now he used to say that only then the government will not be there to extract this cream, brother, you are this.  Leave a reply to the comment, you turn off your other scheme. Backstreet is a separate tax, so take out the taxes and the youngsters should go in that direction also. But the future of their children is also not clear on Bigg Boss. Regarding jobs. I have set reminders regarding marriages and relationships, that is why I am telling you that click is mind-set, you have to have a very specific mindset, only then you can earn money, then you can invest Rs. 4245 in mutual funds at the age of 50.  And if you are putting money into the mix, then my belief is that if you have any major expenditure like marriage of your child or higher education, then the timing will come as per your wish and not right now, the market is very good for you and you  If you can easily leave then he can come anytime or these can be in the market, that is your 15 lakhs invested in the bicycle, you see his height of 28 lakhs and he is at 19 lakhs, this one is at 16 lakhs, so now I want money.  It is up to you to see whether the children will continue to do this till the age of 22, 23, 24 and 25. This is the ignorance you have acquired about mutual funds at the age of 42. So, even though you are engaged, I just came to know that you have to take the call, it is a personal call, so only after talking you will know how much to put, how much should not be put, but I do not force you to refuse, I say please put, but these things.  I have been reading, pay attention to these things, buy an index fund, check a tracking garage, track is near, there is an instrument which is linked with Nifty, then index fund is given to that flat and interest is given at 10 cents. Nifty gave an organization at 10. If one reading gave nine percent and the other one gave eight percent, then only one track is near one percent, the other has two nutrients, the one with less tracking network will submit this data today. The one with less tracking network is good fund.  House's Express Ashoka is less, index funds have less Express Bishops because money is also there - there is no one to put in the mind, the way the whole company is like clay, those people are in the same countries and so many people put in the brain, then the expenses are more.  It happens  That if they are doing activity management, I will give them G name but their fund managers have packages up to Rs 40,40,50,50 crore, have worked in companies in India and have to do manufacturing. This brother is not so much, he will just invest here today, he will invest a little in such a way that he has formed a team, tell him how much money will be given to him, salary packages are not yours at all and you are the CEO of this. Look at these, we are soft managing them, we are also managing this fund, we are also doing this, now we are doing 3 thousand Chanakya, you guys have to invest 600 rupees in this and after that you have formed a team of 1115 closed roads, that is five and six.  Sher does research and brings it, it fixes everything, but Hare has taken it for 10 years, look at his track record of 10 years, how do they do statistics, every time they will create a new front, then at some time someone will  The performance will be good in the period. Add it like astrology, when will it end? Will you try or will the villain win? By making 2 crore predictions, 22 crore predictions will be correct for someone, otherwise make so many fronts, make so many funds that now it has become bad for me.  That SMS like I am making that Banaras Samosa, I made a group, it got spoiled, Shekhar Bhai Fat or the other Manali, someone will make it perfect, then show it to that person, hey, art is everywhere, the manager who Look at all the funds, one fund worth Rs 12 crores, Rs 18 crores and Rs 10,000 crores, one was closed, another one was made, while the money in the company is being fooled, how much can you become, according to me, India is your paste, one is what is best, but in this you will get  You will have to read and write and I have given you the details, you know, you have to listen carefully to one more thing in my mutual funds, if you are a mutual fund owner, I have given 10 per cent in Greater Natural, then two and a half percent.  She has kept her own which is her main charge, okay so that charge is 7.30 cents, well the government will take you a percentage in it, if you send it then you get BF with a lady at 6.50 per cent, so you have to collect this much.  What is needed is to calculate how many returns to achieve, while for the economy, nominal GDP plus inflation is the growth of the country. Nominal GDP is the nominal  GDP Effective Growth GDP Growth Rate Plus Inflation Index Minute GDP then add a little more flavor of 45 cents to it, if Khanduri was attached one percent, if you protest then the companies will increase the growth a little bit to 20 cents, that means meditation and agricultural in your dish and these other things.  Those who have to pull it back to the tree, then the companies only in our A long term, people have shared this hut ownership comment or by clashing with the growth in Share price did not fall due to Bhatnagar. If the ownership is increasing in equity. Very good thoughts of the country. You should take shares in mutual fund but only positive FIR will be less. Because of its gender, pressure used to come from this point, its value is little.  It will be lower but ultimately the share price is not dependent on whether you make money in the company in the long term, Kumari, it does not depend on whether you buy it, Rishi, many people have bought it.  This is a Kunjan situation, this one bought it, the teenager will grow, this one has to think about it, it doesn't have to be shared, it has to be thought about, this one bought it, then this one bought it, then this one bought it, so not many people are going to move from here and there is no home and mute that story. So I have made the video number three, which many people know very well but perhaps have not seen it. You will see it. This is my base of the whole series. If you people have watched it from three perspective, then you will understand this.  Mary has not come Set the request heavy, vote for that video, play it in every investment, mute it, if the video is applicable everywhere, then watch that video for ₹ 10. This means that mutual fund is not a bad thing but you take it directly, its rules are different from direct skin.  It will cost you at least one Friday, a little second ritual and even more, that is why the request becomes the biggest coincidence. Second thing, look at the index fund, open a demat account, see, it is okay, you will make direct investment in someone.  And please keep this 15 20 25 followers mother, it is difficult to manage, God forbid, if something bad happens, then the rest of the people at home and the family do not know how to wrap up the raita, so it is my request that you do not do this. Other upcoming videos.  I will make many more videos on real estate insurance, your taxation, your gold, sovereign bonds, what types of bonds, now I will talk about everything, whatever has its advantages and disadvantages and you If you want to tweet, then do it, there are so many options among these five-seven things, but how to tweet it, you have to increase your level of knowledge and what you are doing, you have to change it a bit, not to change the fund outside, you have to get incentives and money.  You also have to put in that 15 15 years have told you that you have taken the third app well, hence you will not invest your money. They used to say long-term long-term. Earlier earlier it used to be 2 years or 3 years. Now they start passing. 15 speaking They don't have the courage to do this for 15 years, that's why if the market cycle gets completed in two cycles, then in two cycles you will earn money, in 15 to 20, they will be of good use, so whatever child is beautiful, my video is this and a new job has been started 22  23 24 years old he you are in paste position you next two days later in sacrifice God will do very good and growth but the man who is 45 50 years old  Whose expense line is there, now I am further awarding another mutual fund and am putting a lot of money in it, Safi is putting in it, so mine is open, I am not refusing to drink it because you will not be able to take time off and if you have to withdraw the same money then  Then you may have to remove it at 9. You put it in your normal PS. If you put it in HD, it would have cost more batter. That's the only difference. Subscribe to this channel, like it. I will bring more desi videos, thank you.