Hello friends, welcome to family series video number 76 videos have been made, they are very beneficial for the body. If you don't want to watch it, go to the play list and watch it. I will also give the link here. Today let's chart the topic of video number 7. Parents don't listen to us. One before this.  I have made the video 'If children don't listen to us, then that was the point officer of the parents. Today's topic is periods, if they don't listen to us, so before starting this, I want to tell you a basic rule.  I say that whenever someone in life does not listen to you, then do introspection before taking out the fold, which was my previous video when I had told the parents that children do not listen, you must watch it. The understanding of this video will increase further, so if you watch this.  When your parents don't listen to you, then what is it that you want to do? Do introspection on it. Are you getting approval from your parents that you want to do something with your ability and they are not listening or are you period?  There is a big difference between wanting to buy something from someone and wanting to get it installed. Let me explain with an example that you have to buy something from your father after selling it and he is not listening. So it depends on whether the father is more intelligent or you are more intelligent.  What is the situation and what is your pass track record? If you do not have a pass track record or it is bad then most likely parents will not listen. It is also possible that your proposal Actually the uniform is not enough and if the uniform is in then you are not able to explain. Whenever you put yourself in such a situation with your parents, then you should not paint them everyday, you should vote for them like a venture capitalist that you  There is a stuff person, you have to tell him some English or Hindi, take the present type to him and tell him and if not he will understand then it is his money, his property, he has his accounts, he will not do it, you do not need to be very worried about this.  No, how many children become so sad because of this very thing that they do not do whatever they are capable of and those who can do it on their own, other things, many things like this will come in which you have your own money and  You are getting their approval to do the right thing in this, as they say in the house, one should ask the elders, one should consult, it is absolutely fine, but you should see where their expertise is in this, what is it and how much is it, I have told many cows earlier also. Once covered in the video of emergency employee's dilemma that his father is in Bhiwani, the boy in Gurgaon wants to buy something, in a light tanning quantity plan of Rs 12000000 and he himself hardly has the money unlocked, 45 lakhs, then he had to take his father so that his  If father could enter, he would say, why don't you have even one of this, then why do n't you take 25 lakhs from me, then this father's job is not money.  To get back to him, he will have to take a front 6078, he has 15 lakhs, parents should not be listened to in many things and parents should be listened to in many things and then you will say that no, if they don't let me take that, then don't let them take it. You have to see whether they have the toe power in practice. If you feel comfortable taking the money, your job, and you should not take it, then you will have to look at the practice quality because your opportunity cost for tomorrow is  You will see the consequences of it, your father will not see it, your mother will not keep you, he would have seen the village, he would have understood you, then comes a different situation in which the parents do not listen, even oily, you are in love with a girl, you want to marry someone, he does not approve or someone.  Such a thing, you want career choice, anything, you basically want to do something in life, he wants something else, then this topic came up that parents do not listen, meaning this is such a situation that if in this  If you listen to your parents, you will remain unhappy, whatever the parents want to say, and if you do what you want, your parents will become happy, that is, if they have to be unhappy, then today I am giving a lot of clarity in this subject to all the people who want to listen.  Keep in mind that whenever you are in a counter situation and choice of the fact that a man has to be sad, either you have to be sad or your parents have to be sad, you have to rely on this thing very well that you have to allow yourself to be sad.  One should not make one unhappy, it makes the parents unhappy, it can be called an unfortunate situation but it does not matter that one is unhappy, it is okay for everyone to understand what makes you happy and after doing that, if something goes wrong, then the parents should take it as their responsibility.  While awakening the paint element, the child should forgive and should not say this. We had told you, I will make a separate video in you, how should you be, does not talk about you, about mother, about ghee about about.  If you want to know how a father's father should be then I will come then you should see this if you will do yourself to please your parents then you come worship and that quota of happiness will keep decreasing.  Ad: It may be possible for parents to come next year when a demanding program comes, then it becomes a good for system that if one thing is accepted and it does not make them unhappy, then now I accept the other also, then they will not be unhappy, they have to be unhappy, remember this.  Listen to whatever population you want.  It is below 3548 that Paris has to be unhappy with you. Actually, he is not unhappy with you, he is unhappy with himself. Development, old age becomes the cause of problems in itself, so sometimes what happens in India is not understanding love and control.  That has been done, it has been mixed, if it doesn't listen to us then it doesn't love us, if it does n't listen to what we say, if it doesn't listen to us, then it does n't allow us. Okay, so the children are Indian children, cultured children, they have a lot of control in the name of values.  This is being exercised. My work is Apps Social Reformer. Okay, I want to pitch myself that the Himachal government is doing this. If you have seen the awards this time, Padma Vibhushan etc. have been given to people from all walks of life.  They are working in the same way as chocolate works, then red chilli, liquid of some thing, keep busy on these things, keep the society engaged, lots of topics for discussion, put all the children on the family group in your WhatsApp. And talking about this video, we don't agree at all, in many videos we like it very well, they do this to their parents, how is it okay, so they are like, forward it and you can do it by writing below.  It's a simple thing, you have to keep the elder generation, if you don't talk then you have to see why such children are not listening. If you show them too much dependence then they will not listen. You will achieve 24 milestones in your life. Give one to your property.  Ambulatory  You will earn money in the stock market, you will improve your health, you will not have bad habits, alcohol-cigarettes, friend, buying a car, Shobha ji no apparent will give money to the child to just fly mode, this is a fact, it is okay, stomach, when your track record is 5 years.  Will they see that the boy builds a property, takes rent, takes cash positive, takes income tax rebate, knows how to take a loan, then he will see that it is okay, there is nothing wrong in it, boy-girl who  That's also fine and you will be able to give you Manish Rakwar So first fix your track record, fix yourself, fix your knowledge base, when you will increase yourself, teach your knowledge base, increase your confidence and who will give proposal articles where you will  It seems that the parents should have listened to you and they were listening. If you try to make them understand again and again then they will do so. And if the parents don't agree then take them as devil's advocate and see if your parents also understand anything.  If you agree, then you should also think a little, otherwise sometimes you get so excited about some proposal, it may be so tight Mukesh, when you are not able to convince your own parents who are of the same blood as the man, then you may have to look at it.  If there is something wrong in that thing too then it is okay then you have to see the track record of your parents also that they are unachieved Indore Live. If the father has only cheated the grandfather's money and has not done anything else in his life then then Listen to all the words of the father, listen to this thing, you will have to see for yourself that even if you don't listen, there is such a thing, then there is no need to take it to heart, Paris will now always start listening to you, if you have a good track record till then.  Please have a good record in this track record. Now do not try to convince the starting parents that by sending some payment, I will become a tycoon myself. I will also bring the best study on this, which I have done in this pattern. If you have seen those studies also being done, if you want, then mention below in the video that study Jha has practical experience of consultation, in that, how could I understand why the parents were not listening to the talk in excel and that above generation.  He was not able to understand then what I actually told towards intervention is that brother is not listening so if he wants to study then that will become my next video. Watch this video for full time. Yes, I work to unite the family, I do not work to create rift, but such things are told. How did you like the video? Please tell me or if you have not subscribed to the channel then you will subscribe and do press the like button. Thank you.