Hello friends, I am asked a lot of questions, Guru ji, please tell me about yourself, your struggler, so today I am finally going to tell you a lot on this and you will learn a lot from this video and you will enjoy watching it a lot. Those who will come and enjoyed it, then definitely write it. It is okay then we talk about the struggler's elder self. Because the struggler is the struggle of others, many people get to learn more and we have given so much biography to all of us. Biography and all these are also there and this is our template relief, so today I want to tell you that I was born in a very, very poor house, there was a lot of struggle in my childhood, I had to eat a lot of food, but the meaning is  There was a lot of struggle on him, he was not able to study. Hey, all these things are nonsense. Don't expect someone's story like this. By expecting someone's story like this, you start enjoying it. You start linking up, I will never do anything.  There were such shop stores, I am the one between the silver spoon and the gold spoon, the spoon was born in it, it is okay to think about it and it does not matter, someone sat down with a small spoon, everyone lies, whenever even a small influencer tells a story You are seeing that he becomes a member of Vetiver and those above him also become a star or something, we have seen such a struggle, everyone lies, ask the poor people about their parents, yes, they have made them poor, so much, so much.  I was crazy about you, I have seen people laughing like this and I am telling you this, so don't follow him, today I am going to tell you his reason, don't enter into the lives of others, do n't follow him, one reason is that the whole truth has not been told.  Like there is a lady, there is a lady and another lady asks her, Yes, among Mrs. Malhotra, Sharma, Mrs. Sangwan or whatever name you take, you make very good cakes, teach me how to make cakes, that thing is not in the society and the circle and which  I have also done this and you are making a love cake, that woman will never tell you the complete ingredients, she will do one thing or the other and after that it will be like this, oh it is not made as soft as you like, I did not tell you anything, she has changed the temperature a bit or  There was something she had to do more quickly, what she had to do, she won't tell, don't ask like this, do n't tell anyone everything about yourself, so yesterday it happened or was there someone's support or was this the reason, I am leaving you here after telling you one thing. question paper  It is different, don't copy, if someone tells you his four's, then you will cheat. Those who have cheated in their childhood or have seen it done, the paper was distributed that 'O Fee's is true, tell the result, what is its fee?  A's you are that's, tell it like this, do it like this, listen to TFT F, write it down like this or keep it there in the bathroom and go like A, no matter how good the copy is, it must have been sunny, they could still have done it because the papers were roaming around us. if he had lived  You have an intelligent friend and he is telling you that it is true and if it turns out to be true then you will get a number, okay but then life is not like this, do n't even peep into other's question paper, everyone is writing their own answer sheet. No, my brother's question is different, my intake is different, that means everyone's situations are different, today even an astrologer, if I tell you, the life story of twins as per so called horoscope is also different.  And even that is different from caste to parents, leaving on time, there was a difference of two minutes, it is okay, life is still different from parents, so why are you copying when you cannot copy till there, you think. Hey brother, whatever I have done in a particular time or in the particular time of someone called whom you want to copy, there will be a degree and difficulty for it, if I had started a YouTube channel 2 years ago. If I had made an effect setting on some subscriber growth then that explanation would have increased. I made it in comedy after Covid, which means even during the time of Covid Thakur, I got benefit. Earlier, I would have got more benefit. Now you are starting now in 2023, so there is competition.  And if there is anything else to follow, do I have any further knowledge? Actually, those who were earlier subscribed at the time, one lakh two lakh subscribers only.  We were sitting in 2017-18-19, they directly went into millions and then directly because Ultimaatli when people started consuming it during Covid, I am telling you with an example, take the example of my YouTube, you will find such examples in many things early.  The system of mover advantage is that in chemistry you understood that there should be an environment, temperature, catalyst, moisture.  This is from that element but they react differently in different environments. Now it had Lord of People, Lot of Things, Don't Follow, Ask and a lot of things. It is not necessary to find out anyone's failure. People say let's successfully fail.  Why did this happen? It is such a dynamic world. Everything is changing for people. Even your film actors keep thinking that sometimes their pictures will be a hit and sometimes their pictures will flop.  This is the next one, then they will follow it and then it will be back, so even they do not understand that this picture worked like this, this one worked, mine also worked, then I did it again and then it did not work because people changed again, so the formula is changing which is time.  Do not get in, you generally have a lot of struggle to know, brother will add extra to it, there is no shop story, it was like Dhirubhai Ambani's story, people used to identify a lot, why did Guru Bhai go to the petrol pump, the picture was made and  Those few strugglers have entertained Mukesh, now two stories will be made of Mukesh's children and not of Mukesh Bhai's own Mukesh Ambani because his is more Pak Pak, I am not till the last, hey, he is more of his own struggler, look where he is taking the food from.  The next generation and that son, Dhirubhai ji created something of his own, how many zeros did his son add, how many companies were formed, how big did he make, oh so what would have happened to him, what would have happened otherwise everyone would have had their own.  The struggle of one person is more important because the reason is to say that you come from your similar story, there are dates, whatever banda the story reaches, the captive reaches the caste, boy, girl, man, woman, whatever, so they want to keep a story like this that a peacock  Of de Marsis can connect and when you connect give you have numbers, I make videos in such a way that my subscribers should keep me because I believe that those with 5 lakh subscribers should give 2 crore things to this butter.  I have understood and this YouTube also has to say the same and it also benefits from this, I am not just fooling me by telling you, there is no benefit in numbers, there is benefit in quality, after some time, initially number is required, then quality is required.  You need some numbers and then you need full quality. Understand these things, don't forcefully follow people. Bill create story. Very they bill, they had a lot of strugglers, so yours too are struggling, so please identify that friend. It has reached here after struggling, so I am also struggling, so maybe I will also reach, this is water hope, maybe why it did not discover the bypass, this is my thinking in life, my belly system is one that there are many things in life.  There is no need to grind; Where you are getting a lot of things, leave it. Fear Bill B. Fear Bill B. Situations and things where you do not need to do much. Blue Ocean Opportunity. There is no competition. I am a believer in this.  I will say think because believer because these beliefs also change due to the situation, it is better where there is not much competition, it is more easy and the one who reached there first and that thing is good, then it will attract other people there too.  And there will be competition there too but science is there, you are first there, you have more experience, so you will remain strong, what do people do, there is competition here, it is considered good, very much.  And here people consider our such and such struggle to be very good, it is not because there is a struggle here, people are already sitting in everything, you take this, nepotism seems big in nepotism, I say very good, come again on this sometime.  I will explain well to you that there is a place where nepotism can be created so that no one can open a shop there. Quickly find such an opportunity for yourself. No, I want to become a doctor. Your father is not a doctor. What happened is okay, then your child will become a doctor, he will enjoy it, you have to struggle, be very clear, this is the only thing you have to understand, father does something, grandfather used to do something, you are doing something, children will do something, I have figured out then.  I will also tell you and I will hate even telling this because in India it is difficult for people to understand. Well, don't get carried away by it, friend, how did you like it, my struggler? How do you like it, I am a struggler, it's okay, I don't have any face, if it is like this to you.  Motivates, wants to be motivated by this thing, through my struggles, wherever there were strugglers in my life, this course should not be like this for anyone, Shakti, I have lived for so many years that there should be no struggle, but wherever there were strugglers, I did not get anything out of them and where at all This is how hot knife in D butter is extracted, that is the best thing, after giving this much hint, I am leaving it too much for me to discuss my personal life. Today, nature is not my nature, I don't tell if it is my personal life. I have to impress you only by example, give me my Guru Tatva, I don't have knowledge, many people impress me, they will show some of their car, some will show their house, they will show some other thing of theirs, nowadays the financial influencers show the complete statement of their demat account.  Let's show that look, I have invested so much, I am doing so much, every person is doing so much, so brother, then you must be singing, why is this a wrong thing, don't show, anyway the public's vision is not so straight.  There is no need to show it in our country. Now if there is any truth in the matter, then if it is not there, then even after showing it, people say that it is showing wrong, it is showing a lie. There is no fear here, this is never and date is also great learning. Never try, you know later, take things forward with your own strength, which is not necessary for your life by showing too much personal because like I said and finish, everybody is having a different question paper, its answers are different and you only  You have to write and you only have to solve the question paper of your life. Well, here you will definitely get help from the Guru Matter guide, but you will have to learn cut copy paste bill note. If you want to do it then please share this video. please like thank you