Hello friends, today I have brought a very interesting case study and for such an interesting original case study, please like it in the beginning and if you have not subscribed to the channel then do so. Many such case studies have been posted earlier also and you guys like the content.  Do you know today's case study is The Sister-in-law Factor in Marriages and My Great Findings on It One of the Jobs Which I Do You guys know  I am a marital consultant. I do marital consultation. Okay, so if anyone needs it, you can connect on the number given below. Now let's start the Nanand Factor. What is the Nanand Factor? Who is the Nanand? The boy who is his sister's.  The relationship with the sister-in-law is fine now i.e. the daughter of the house, the daughter of the house who is the daughter of the husband's house is fine, now many daughters-in-law are tortured, this is fine, now they say, what about the daughters now? We should get up, we should go, now what should we do if we get married, we don't stay, we don't come, a pattern is visible, tell me how much you agree, don't you agree, tell me. Sister-in-law's development in her brother's marital life is a subject of pain in many cases.  Have you seen in which cases it has happened, it has been seen in those cases where there are two types of cases with sister-in-law, either her marital life is very great, she has kept her husband under control and Nanand's mouth doesn't even open. There are no issues with Nanand's husband and her in-laws. She has a lot of time and energy. Now she has to capture the other frontiers as well. Just like there were no old kings earlier, our own kingdom is going very well, but even the neighboring kingdoms.  Let's have fun, if the cat has killed us, then trample it, life is going on, we are having fun, this is the first condition, the second condition occurs when the person has no marital life, is divorced or is not married.  Both are extremes, which means the work is in the middle between normal, where the husband is struggling, the husband is not happy, the in-laws are pressurizing, mom and dad are also coming and going and a little bit in between is that work, if that work is there.  Then there will be no interference because he is not solving his question paper. Now either you are sitting after solving your paper, who sits at the same time during the exam and knows everything?  The one who has done the paper is sitting idle or the one who doesn't know anything, okay, there are only two cases, rest of the people, most of the people are struggling, write something, pass, get the marks, then see how many excellent examples I will tell. Because only when you understand this, you will try to find some alternative out of it. I am not telling a case study by taking any one example. There have been many such interesting cases, so I am making a juice out of them, so in this I am telling today.  I will not include too many characters otherwise it becomes a study of a particular person. This one is my combined one. Many people see these patterns in both the cases. Now, why does Bah have any problem with two-four things that this daughter comes?  It is not right for her to get involved in everything, it is not right and she goes away after doing so. Mother-in-law is only a breath, she has a little role, she comes and creates dissatisfaction in these losses. With respect to daughter-in-law, sister-in-law has just given birth to one and a half.  Within two-three-four months, the fielding and bowling was set, runs started to be made, the bowling got warmed up, whatever has happened, she has come and spoiled the game, within five days she has come and will spoil everything, this is not right, how did she do this? Mummy did it like this and he called his wife and the sister-in-law, he did not understand what happened to you, this is what happened, it is fun, okay, it will seem like a comedy, but this is also the pain of many people and comedy seems to be the same thing.  The pain that happens even in stand up comedy, the things that we cannot say but our pain is the same as comedy, so look at the pain, how are these two things connected, pain and comedy, what should be done, where you see a lot, you have to understand first, mother in law. Father-in-law, he has to understand that daughter and daughter-in-law are different things, daughter-in-law is like our daughter, one should never say such a thing, it is a very dangerous thing, daughters can be beaten up, data can also be taken and daughters can also go away saying something on the contrary.  daughter-in-law can You can't listen to your daughter, you will even tell your daughter that there is one mother and daughter, there is some confusion, but mother-in-law and daughter-in-law are not the same, then they fly away, okay, so first of all both the parties have to understand, mother-in-law is also the daughter-in-law.  Also, you are not a daughter, daughter-in-law should be given respect as a daughter-in-law, and the daughter-in-law has to maintain the same decorum as a daughter-in-law, and the daughter-in-law should never commit any mistake. She wants to treat her mother-in-law and father-in-law as her parents. Why if if?  he is so  Aise ki ke late ke nahi boli mummy re mummy cha diya na ek dacha si ke dacha badhe kecha banai mummy tane can a daughter-in-law do that to the mother-in-law tell me daughter-in-law can't do this daughter can do so first understand this difference daughter can do all this  And get away the sister can't do second thing where there is a lot of conflict and she is very much her issue, the girl 's brother, the boy has to see whether these parents  And this is me, so if you are living in their house, then that house also belongs to your sibling, brother, enact an act, enact the Hindu Marriage Act, Succession Inheritance, all the rules are there, she will also come, like your sister too.  If your wife should also go, it causes disturbance to you, so you can't cry, you don't have money, you are saving money, that's why you are living with your parents, stay next to them and if the parents are in their home, it is your home.  And  Your parents are living together and your sister leaves every two to four six months and it becomes yours. You have to take a call, you have to tell the parents that yes, she is the daughter, I am the brother but she is the wife.  And this is the etiquette and this house next door is on rent, if you can't give it then I will give it, then there, now what is the problem, many people want to take trouble in life to save money, but what is the hurry in heart.  There is a danger of death due to attack, do n't think that oh my money will be looted because of my wife, because every man wants to control the wife, why should you improve, my money will be saved, these parents are making nonsense, sister, you are making nonsense. She says why should I do sex, then the husband says then I am crazy, I, I, I, I will spend to keep you separate, yes, you will have to do it if your wife is not agreeing to you.  If your parents are not agreeing to you then you will have to do that, you will have to tell this, father, you spend your own money, stay separately or in father's house, most of the cases are my audience and you people are my audience, it is not poor but mine.  The audience I speak is middle class. In the middle class house, it is mostly seen that only the son is lying there, to save the rent, the parents have their own house, the parents have their own house and the daughter is three years old.  By all means, she has every right to come on four festivals. You stay there for 365 days throughout the year, so can't your sister come for 10, 15, 20, 25 days and three-four durations in a year? This is addressing the daughter-in-law who faces a lot of trouble.  That the daughter-in-law comes, my daughter comes, the daughter does not work at home, I do, why does n't she do it, because she is the daughter, the daughter is not supposed to come and work, that is her holiday.  Yes, she does it in herself, no, she doesn't do it in herself, she doesn't do it there too, then she must have been in Ganga ji in her previous life that she has such good karma that even there she is being kept in full view and look at her now.  I don't favor anyone, you see, neither am I here nor neutral, nor am I pro-girl, Nana, pro- boy, neither woman nor man, I am Guruji here, I talk realistically, if you are jealous, anyone can be jealous of anyone. So think brother, complete some deeds. She may or may not be very beautiful. Many people are jealous of beautiful people. When a person becomes very beautiful, especially a woman, people become tolerant of her nonsense. This is also a fact and the shapeless women.  Now only Guruji will come and tell, no one else will tell because this is too much, no one will say such a thing, it is sexist, you see why this is happening, there are many crazy people, he has done an inter-caste marriage, the daughter of the house has started a business house.  In Ditch yours, the caste system that exists in India, many of you know that there is this caste, then this caste, then this caste, then the one below this one, then the one below this one, the one below this one, the daughter of this family has become that caste by marrying into this caste. In my view, if you start using it, then you should start using it and they are from a rich family because they can also be rich, it can be a businessman, some of them are cutting their cards, here you have married as per your customs, same community, same person.  and your chucky  If you are feeling jealous then ask this question to your father that why are you doing this or ask your destiny that how did I become or tell your husband clearly that your sister comes and does this on water.  If you are living in his house, then the husband will say, 'Dude, I earn so much money, look at this, I earn so much money, this is the money, this is the child's expenses, these are the fees, if I have  If I paid a rent of Rs 335000, where will I get it from, then the wife can say, Darling, if I stay with your father and mother, I will not be able to live, I ca n't breathe, I will do a job, I will earn Rs 70000 and I will also contribute a little, let's go then husband.  He will say that friend, if she is doing so badly then she is really suffering. All these things, all these ideas have been told and implemented.  I am not telling you in a fanfare, brother, if you don't have money, you don't have choices, you can't work, then who will be the guest in your parents' house, the boy's parents' house? Tai ji will come, uncle ji will come, aunt ji will come.  Aunt will come, uncle will come, you will have to do everyone's duty, in this world you will have to live according to the mistress, the mistress is your mother-in-law, you cannot cry in her, you are her house brother and she, you do not greet her, you are seen in the morning.  No, they don't do any work, now they call their people, you have to do the work, do n't do it, don't cry, if it is too much trouble, then leave the house, if you don't have the courage to leave the house, then life is a flag, but still, what is there to be proud of or not, this is their house.  No one has come, neither their daughter nor the mother-in-law, her sister can also come. Why can't a 65 year old sister-in-law in a brother-in-law's house come to meet her sister? She has lost her illness and asked to stay. relationships too  Those relationships will disappear just because your relationship has come, you are daughter in law, you are young, you want less, you need space, you will not get it, you need space, then different when and if this program is being done by the parents who want to stay in the boy's house.  So take a call, which one is that in this, it is for the parents, we have to do all the requests of the parents, so see the program, you can call, if you ca n't, then rent a room next to them, tell them, call the one you want to call.  Why do n't you keep grudges, I can't afford. If you ca n't afford, then you have to see what they have to do then how to do it. How many people are there in the case study? Identification, first tell me the solution will be very tailor made, case to case later.  R Cases when the girl got divorced, the daughter of the house got divorced, she will stay in the parents' house, yes, now the son is also living there, now the daughter is going through depression because she has got a new divorce and  Anyway, she doesn't do any work in the house and her sister has to do the children's work, this has to be done in the default setting, now she has to do some work, even then do it for her too, now she doesn't feel like doing anything, she doesn't do anything, this is also a lot of trouble.  So, if you keep a divorced girl, if the father will not give you shelter, then who will give shelter to the girl who has come after being divorced? Now she is teasing the brother a lot. Why did the sister come? Is she crazy? Why didn't she play with him? Someone has given up on divorce with his own happiness.  wants to get done  Now what to do, then this problem is also there, you have to understand that the daughter has the right, in every case, the case of sister-in-law comes up only where there is brother and sister, now the festival of Rakshabandhan is over, so where there is brother and sister, the case comes up.  Other wise, two brothers, two sisters, one son, one daughter, there are no cases, so in today's time, there are approximately 20 to 22 cases where these are combos, there are five combos of children, two boys, two girls, one boy, only one.  There is only one girl and only one boy and one girl, these are five things, now many people do three things but that is rare, mostly these five things, there is only one boy and girl in these five things, if it is happening to you then you have to talk and  If your sister is coming, by all means, she also has the right, you stay with your brother, then you stay with your brother, okay, you cannot say in your parents' property that sister will not come, she will definitely come, her house is her right.  It is there in many houses  The room is also declared that it is hers, it is always empty or the mother keeps her belongings in it. If it is the daughter's then the son and sister feel very sad that they have a child. Now three of us are living here in that room.  Why do you keep it empty like this, should I put my child's belongings, these are also big troubles, so wherever there is a problem with the sister-in-law, that problem is because you do not have money, you are helpless, you have to eat something, you want to wish her away, others.  She is not wise. Why is she evolving in your house? Because you are living in your parents' house. You tell me, this is your independent house, so what will she evolve in it, what troubles will she do? These are her parents, this is your house.  It is your husband's house in which you live. It is your husband and it will be called your house. It is the couple's house. What curtains will be used in this house, will your Nandan decide? She can do this in her parents' house, right?  Work is the biggest detachment from here, if you want happiness, then just what food will be cooked in this house, who will the servants come, when will you wake up, who will sleep, which guest will not come, your relatives will not come, the daughter-in-law can't decide, the sister-in-law can decide, she can't decide.  So Nanand can only come one of yours, if they are connected here, then they can do it to you only through them, but they cannot do it directly, so it is like a time bomb or something happens, they cut the wire in it.  Aake Hero, that was Shahrukh Khan's movie, Jab Tak Jaan Usm Bomb Disposal Std, they come like this and cut the wires, so the solution for those who are consultants like us is to cut these wires, we have to cut the wires, there is no issue in cutting the wires, as long as they are connected.  Tak klesh ho ka vam phatega you say no no no no I can't cut this string then then you have to accept it I also talk about reiterating in every fifth video  I tell you brother, there is action in life and there are consequences. If you cannot change the action, then accept the consequences. And if you cannot accept the consequences, they are giving you trouble. If you do not like it, then you will have to change the action. You will have to change the action.  It's as simple as that I hope you guys enjoyed please share like thank you very much