Correct Is Ok ok good evening to all of you The recording has started and today we will Do discussion for about 45 minutes and then some Queries I'll Take This Will Be About Naukri Sukoon Paisa and General This Thing Today 22 Jan: You saw in the morning that you are fine. Ram ji's life prestige is very big It was a good event and a happy occasion. There is a chance for happiness, happiness is sustainable I don't want to talk about anything and from my point of view If you enjoy then write A A A G. People A A G Ok anywhere A Write to Admin Giving Because There's No Way to Interact How will you do clapping the other way my wow Brother, if I unmute everyone, everyone will be in trouble. So many people are connected, around 700. People are connected, it's ok for now I haven't even started yet people I am writing now, it will come, it will start now Do If you can bring paper pen also then please bring it. Because the recording is just platinum Will put common subscriber's information for members If you don't want to post it for free or it's okay then it's free. Well you can hear it but platinum This one will be posted only for members, ok Because everything is public Big platforms are not ok. Because those who understand what is there in India It's hard not to convince, it's easy to persuade And only the work that is easy is done. why would anyone do difficult work ok understood ok start doing life i me this tell me india Which of you has a job in Are you happy whose job is a student? And he will not answer whose job is yours. Are you generally happy or unhappy because of your job? If he is happy then write S and if he is sad then write D Write down who is happy and who has a job. If you are happy because of then write S then write D I am getting answers ok sd sd sd Coming after SD SD ok, at least some good Some are happy, some are sad, okay, that means this If we say that not all people are employed Everyone is happy and neither is everyone unhappy. Understood ok stop stop got one we got And this is a fact because you people half the people replied You look confused, don't know what is happiness and what is sadness on very good asar ok ok so now stop Now let's do it for those of you who are married. has been married has been married of which You are very happy in your marriage, so write H. If you are a little unhappy then please write. If you are happy then write H, if you are unhappy then write U If it's okay then write it down Well, this marriage is full of happiness. Ka to badshah hoon india number one noise shut So the one who has written H in marriage and Many have written U who have written H His partner is unhappy, ask him He either doesn't have the courage or doesn't have it and The partner of the person who wrote you Happy Jitan enjoyed it so AG Now you can write like a poet for a poet Is this the one which is wide? You are writing 'H', right? Ask your partner how he is. What about happiness in a happy marriage? If you are happy in your marriage then you are Are you waiting for your husband or wife? Remember who wrote depending on? Only one man can be happy in a marriage if Happiness is going on the other way, marriage was going on. Good in the breakfast till lunch time It will be bad at dinner, it will improve tomorrow. She will be fine by evening and then mom will get worse. A call has come. Someone's mother has called. it will get worse then it will be better if you do something It will happen again, if mom comes then it will get worse again. And if you live in mom's house then brother Then see if he is a boy, he is 28 years old. Has a 24 year old wife who lives with her parents. keeps his mother grinding the mill Aish comes after leaving his job and is robbing the food. I get it, Papa brings some vegetables. If there is no responsibility then he is happy whose I am not going to leave my wife, there is no pain every day. She is stuck doing her happy and ya who has got a husband like this Now many people have started enjoying I am neither a friend of girls nor women I am a friend of husbands, am I a friend of husbands? Ladies, I will tell you both one by one. Now you tell me what comes in it. I'm going to speak, first I'm going to listen. I want women to listen to me have been So write F even if your husband is with you. It is a different matter if the son and the parents are together. Is any woman listening to me? Write F right now Give it so that I know there is some F too The women who are listening, the husband is sitting no problem im alone no problem No, I want the student to go to NIT. One student left 150 messages. I wrote in favor of a 20 year old student. you can go i can't I help older people a little more ok ff write whatever you are listening to now Sorry you are writing 20 times ok F Fffff write it down ok now ladies Let me say one thing now only for women Only for women who wrote F is ok Okay, now this statement is about women. Because I am happy today In bliss I am sometimes I year I do this two or four times otherwise 823 people are listening ok Now listen carefully to the ladies I am a I am going to say something, listen after that I I will give you a choice and you women will reply again Will do whatever Nekha has about women I'm coming for You and I are here to enjoy life to everyone and some things If you accept then you will enjoy or something More reactions will come Women have two situations whether they will get a good husband or You will not get a good husband. You will not get a good husband. If I get it, I will keep crying for the rest of my life. She will cry, she will cry, she will cry if she gets a good husband. will make you cry will make you cry If women feel hurt after hearing this then drink it Write down the other women who enjoyed it. If you feel happy then women write age. Hey husband, Mati has started getting pleasure from husbands. If he goes then I don't want to do any sexist thing. I am pained by women Someone is calling Swapnil ji true? I enjoyed it, now tell me something is wrong Women also have to either cry or make them cry friend what is this If it happens then it will be like crying or If you want to make me cry then the syllabus is like this one out. Women have done it and when a woman cries So he in front of his sister she will cry, she will cry on the floor There is no shame in crying for a man. What is the problem now men ask I am asking men, men I'm talking about what's the matter with the man? If a man's wife is harassing him She is troubling, she is not happy, she is suffering There is a problem in getting along, there is a problem in the relationship. So men should go to whom now? If you tell your father, he will tell you. You don't know how to keep me, you are a slave, you've seen How are men and their offices? I will tell someone in my friend circle that Brother, you will say like this, ok, sister-in-law is angry. oh well she will show her smile that a man cannot go and tell anyone about himself The cry of a man, the cry of a man in his own heart. S result is heart attack for many people. We have heard that a woman has a heart attack. Would have been 35 years old, 38 years old, had a heart attack in the gym. It has happened to one in a million men. One in thousands is becoming one in 100. How many men are suffering from this thing? Only Type A men do it due to situation. I would ask if you disagree because of the woman's There is no question, the woman is not asking. Men tell me they don't disagree no no no We can cry for our younger brother You mother-in-law in front of your sister, you in front of your mother-in-law. Can't tell the woman, she will cry Your son does this even in front of his mother-in-law Who will she marry even in front of her mother? If it is done then it will be a love marriage and it will be cool. She will cry in front of someone if there is any commotion. Will cry in front of police, will cry in front of NGO She will cry in front of the TV or in front of her neighbor. Can a woman cry in front of anyone? Tell me, you tell me. Tell me if everyone is doing Agri then this one One half of things are being disagreed with and the rest is being disagreed with. guys yay who is the bachelor you are laughing at Some are making me laugh because married men laugh You are a bachelor who cannot do these things. You are laughing, I am not even marrying you. Brother, why are you jumping? You should have gone there right now. You are trembling like this, getting distracted How many bachelors are there who are listening to me? It's not a B-day marriage, there is a girl out there. BB must be a bachelor too, so write friend Abhinav why do you write trip 50 times man one Write it once, then you have written it 25 times. okay many people are bachelors too There is a second, a few people, some people, no scoundrels. Joined the free one, this is what happens brother Your energy is wasted on free ones caste then you have I have to remove those which I don't like That's why I say, keep paying, dear. I will give you the knowledge if it is okay if you come and disturb me. Many people are bachelors, how many bachelors are there now? ok bachelor I am going to ask questions and I will also answer I will tell you the rest because there are women Married people are there now and there are many bachelors too, how many Bachelor feels that if in life they did if they got married He didn't achieve much in life Will be able to do but will not be able to uproot much Long live the bachelorhood. Long live the bachelorhood. Bachelor Kitne Hain Type Jad Jad For Zindabad I am not asking how many are true or false. As many bachelors as there were, many people wrote zindabad. Very good very good Ra Zindabad also tells Hey Swami Vivekananda Yogi Ji Modi Ji Saare ji ye saare ke saare ke saare ji ok so me Today let me tell you the truth about Bachelor Hood too. The truth is about to come in front of you, the dark truth The dark truth of Bachelorhood The dark truth of Bachelorhood For all of you listening 922 People are hearing the truth for the first time today! The Truth from the And Only Number One Clarity you want to listen ok So if you want to know then type J Everyone is excited to know this! Bachelor is very upset Big hero, today I am going to tell them the truth. Before I open up, someone will say Bhagat Singh first. He will say Chandrashekhar and then something else will be required. So now I will give the names of some great people Vivekananda ji is Ratan Tata and what is this? My name is Modi ji, this is everyone's name. We neither take ladies nor children for marriage. If many are not doing so, tell them their truth today. If you put the bachelor in line today then I will I am not friends even with bachelors. I am not a friend, ok come now Tell me one thing, even Rahul Gandhi is a bachelor. I am going to tell you what is the difference between them. be careful Bachelors Do Marriages Make Us Achieve Something Great Yes, Kalesh's wife stops me from doing it. If found, brother can't do anything but its The answer is not just in bachelorhood because Kalesh's wife did not come to bachelorhood but mother did. Father, there is trouble, what have you uprooted? 30 31 35 years old, parents have to live with troubles. Not giving as great a man as I told you Everyone had left even their parents, so you Actually if you want to go on the path of greatness So you will have to leave everything, when you leave everything then yes The chances increase but what is left now? If mom doesn't leave Rahul Gandhi ji, Brother, I can't find that poor greatness. He is also a bachelor who is trying his best. Bachelor Salman Khan is also on and film acting going in so much happiness You can't tell greatness like this in a movie. So many people are hit and many are getting hit. It is a hit for married people too Akshay Kumar also has Shahrukh's name. Who else is there, Prabhas and all that. Brother, if you are married then it is no use being a bachelor. It will be okay, mom and dad will also have to leave the wife. Are you afraid to bring intelligence, conscience, awaken consciousness You are here and I need to wake you up, I need to go somewhere and ask If you want to become great, then you have to become great, Mama. Mom and Dad don't leave me there, Mom and Dad. Give me dudu and she like that in my house I have to stay here, it's okay if my shorts and vest get washed. And I can get food cooked and Outside they say come and visit Thailand. And talk more rudely, oh Guru ji, when milk is available in packets in the market What is the need to keep buffalo? You need to be nurtured because STD is sexually transmitted You get the disease even if you don't get an IV. If you use protection then Basler Cy Phils Gonorrhea is a bacterial disease by masturbating you Dopamine serone gets messed up in the brain Shakes cause sexual dysfunction Then there is neither the power of intellect nor the power of conscience. Chetna Jakti Na Kuch Aur Jagata Bachelors Aapke I am telling you from experience. I am fine, this is my experience. After consultation, he comes back as much as Now devastated after hearing Bachelor Dharashai means looted, collapsed, D Write, those who enjoyed it, please write. I am asking the bachelor and others too I am asking, are you okay married people? If your morale increases then type M or something. So go ahead, you are living life to the fullest From our Lord Rama to all the Lords Den Hanuman ji, everyone is married. Mostly with all the married families So marriage is always there in our culture. Not married to you If you don't have a good family, you are good for the world. will you do it hey four are doing it hey this You are great people, you told me the names of four or five people. not great you are not great is mine to mine to mine to every that mine Access the webinar recording Hey sir, who needs freedom from masturbation? Get this habit into you, this will be a big habit, all these habits Who is the bachelor? If you want to get rid of that habit then it will end a bit. I will take it in the query session ok ok someone is saying it is still having Better Life No Matter You'll Have Worse Life Letter on It's a Simple At Look Every One What happens to many men when in life There are five or six phases, remember this carefully. Childhood, youth, middle age and old age these four There is a thing out of these four, yes also 498 I will tell you who among these four is asking? I will tell you about 498 out of these four. Two are average and one is very good. Is a very bad thing comes out on four things What happens sometimes is that a stage is very bad. If the girl comes first then she will break this much for the rest of her life. It is said that the good one never comes. It is also a fact that sometimes someone is too childish. Well gone are youth and middle age. If we go normal then old age will be bad for many people. Childhood turns out to be bad; youth and middle age turn out to be bad. grow well and grow old well I don't know what happiness children can give. Remember these four things in life Bhiru Bhai Ambani has not changed anyone till date. Take Mukesh Ambani or take Salman grab khan shahrukh grab some prime Minister, catch some person in four parts Someone will have to live a complete life. At least what can be defined about it? A man should live a very short life and enjoy it. His leg did not survive, these four things Are very wattled life average average and Lots of happiness, extreme happiness, all four are to be enjoyed gets it but if someone gets happiness first He gets the strength to bear the pain. Because when I was getting happiness, money was forward in FD. The bank balance is done, the relations are done. If something is found then it is also getting deleted. If he is in pain, he will bite, but what if he bites at times? Sad only if one of you is very sad right now If you have this thing then write this knowledge down somewhere. If you feel good about it then you are the one tell me ok Hello, please tell me this thing so that you can understand it. Tell me that you do Agri, it should be like this There can be two averages and this every period Mahadasha And I am not entering into your situation right now. I will not make astrology out of this and all that. There will be a period of sadness too, there will be a lot of sadness in it. Period will not be painful There will come periods of good happiness and which Your period of happiness and that too of all happiness There will be some sadness and average in that too But I am telling you the general template. Do you understand the general template? If you are going through a bad time in your life then bring things stay down don't break down and a lot You don't have to do much, you have to do something If you are not getting it then do some learning wait because they put so much force People get tired at their wrong time and Then when the right time comes, there is no energy left. You understand this thing enough to do something. people are done i have ok how to know watch Phase is this, it is not known on its own that If you have been engaged for a year then the phase is with someone. Do you want to go and ask how to know which phase is this? These are the things I will tell you carefully now Listen, many of you are having fun. Opening is coming, let's go ahead. I asked whose job is happy or unhappy If it is there then we should find people happy in their jobs and People got sad when I talked about marriage. Those who get married may be happy or unhappy. Something is right and the bachelor is saying this We are happy, some are saying something, not all Some are saying that they also want to get married. We can know this thing in life now me Tell me one thing, ask another question and then I will Look I will prove my theory 21 I am the philosopher of the century, the first one Do we read philosophical books these days? No one becomes a philosopher type I do not tell the theories because so many You have become smart, who will come and tell you If you want to teach us then come and speak loudly. It seems as if I have become a thousand in love with you. It is not more than a thousand, it is a full house. If it's okay then I will tell you about me. Listen and I will talk practically. tell me one thing anywhere i'm talking I still have to ask for myself somewhere. I feel like this even though I am Guruji from Gurugram and I will write all this Guruji Guruji, I tell myself, but what? I like this traditional conventional your Baba I feel like listening to Guruji type. Do you find me practical or not? If things seem practical then write P. If it sounds like two more Baba type things then write B. Give if I'm talking baba type yes This is how I am talking practically, friend. I am talking about boys and girls sex happiness sadness all talk If it's okay to talk practically, then someone is needed. Nor are the practicals here even at this age Talk otherwise everyone would have said something like this It sounds good, then let's talk. Hey friend, if it doesn't happen like this then it's nonsense. If the tax is fine then it means that we have one country or You are talking practical about this thing. Someone has increased my moral a little. Baba didn't tell me, that's a good thing This is what I wanted to hear from you guys now listen carefully one thing from me tell someone you have a lot of money Is Those who have a lot of money are unhappy and happy Will we get happiness through wealth or money? Noise shot or may be sad may be sad it may be a possibility it is a possibility If yes then please type P and if not then impossible. It's sad to have money and not get the type. Yes, after money it is impossible Correct Yes, many people are saying that it is possible. Two or four people may be sad, they are saying If it is impossible then I will tell you my theory. Whatever my theory is, it's fine now. Many people get mixed on theory Results are ok, impossible, very few people speaking and we saw many people You are unhappy with money and so am I. I say maybe listen to me carefully I am not employed Both people are unhappy, even those who are employed are unhappy. are sad, they can be sad for any reason What are the reasons for being unhappy in a job? I am not enjoying, I am getting less money. Not getting promotion, not getting respect The boss is dirty, there is too much work Anything can be a region, these can be regions. The one who is not getting a job is sad I know why he is sad, it's okay 1.5 crore reasons to be unhappy in marriage It is possible to be okay and even happy You guys can also have reasons for money If told, it means that Our happiness is happiness, joy, whatever. He actually wants to talk about these things So it depends, do you agree with it? This Theory If You Agree With This Theory Type A And If You Disagree With Type D That Actually, if in a situation Both things can happen then that means If you do math formula or science or Physics or chemistry, you will say something about theory theorem or whatever formula that He became independent because if People are unhappy even when they are in a situation and not is still sad then it is not the Reasons for our happiness and unhappiness Do you do Agri and degree then many people do Agri? We are doing this, at least one should disagree, then someone should do it. Who disagreed Raj Raj disagreed One did the land, everyone else did a blessing If Haja disagreed then who disagreed? Did he can write? Two people speak. Those who disagree are speaking on the remaining 99. Is it okay that they also have disagreements? I will be a little lacking in understanding and Let me clarify and tell you again what came. M trang to se e if you don't earn p so you are sad money on hohi Earning is not necessary if you are happy then do it This is how we will understand the absence of something So it becomes a cause of sorrow, but I If I cross the level then it is not necessary that I If I am happy then there is importance here Write down how we make money It is very important not to earn money That's wasted money brother. You can be a man or a woman today without earning money. There is no respect for anyone in this world, father. No matter how rich you are, it's okay to earn money. Which is earning money is a very important Thing But More Important for Happiness i how you earn money because if you are earning Money in a way that your life is going out of you Your soul is being mortgaged like this If it's happening then you can't be happy and Mostly this is happening not in the beginning It seems later because in the beginning Got the phone, got this, got that, when your Bread, clothes and house are sorted. You are 35 years old. You are done, you have a wife, you have children, there are demands. Parents have something, boss has something, everyone has something. There is a demand program again middle age Crisis comes at the age of 45 when a person suddenly It's like it's going to slog over. He is scoring 48 runs in three overs and he Not batting like Virat Kohli and When I see him losing the match then it's a man's ass. Pim, you are thinking about startup ideas. Don't tell me to anyone here in the fairy Okay Sharma sir, idea of ​​startup. Tell me, I will start tomorrow itself, father. The money is fine whose dad owns his startup Don't give him money and don't even talk to him. You should not do this and I will consult you I will take it and tell you, it's okay, I remembered it. Had to announce something important for everyone If you do one thing in this life, You, I was also making a video, come too I am going to tell you all a theory. I am all of you, you will be on the spot, if you are on then you You will not earn money, your productivity will go down. I'll Have Myself Release It in a Harder Way as a Result for All of You Who Are Listening to Me I'm Available Now Onward Only on telegram on that same number chach all of you know and this is that number People joined me, many lakhs of people. Those 2800 messages are connected to 2200 15 messages of messages 20 messages at the same place Go where money is money because when Start enjoying money in life That is the real happiness, money does not give happiness. money starts bearing fruit Let me tell you a rule about money. I am listening carefully today to what people say That money if you are earning and a lot Gone and you are not enjoying like this but Not going bungee jumping What's the point if you're not doing Lamborghini? Then the only way to earn profit is to earn money. The advantage is that you know you have a lot And as important as those around you There are people in your life that you know. You have more than what you need Treat you and the security you get you get a lot of it, that one is successful The reason for life and fun is just these people Have decided to go out and make a push By eating this and that, they will get everything only then middle The class keeps crying, Rich is so happy Because the work that the rich do is the work that they do. The middle class can do whatever it wants at any time. can't work again five Once a foreigner went to a star hotel Went to the country once and bought a car. go somewhere once in a ship Got sweet dish massage 00 something for 7000 One cannot repeat it so they You don't find happiness in experiences Because your soul knows this Duplicating will save your life and make you rich. can ever because that money so much Well given man earned that work He looks happy whenever he does it with such calmness The photo has remained true, it has been fixed, it has been returned. I haven't seen my dirty boss for four days. Look whenever you are taking photos, right? You know by doing this in the middle class That friend, this is just a matter of time I can't own this llama photo I can definitely draw it but I will develop it. I will put it but I will put it but brother this My boss will see and suck the happiness out of me Will you know how many of us are there? You Know Ri the Great Ri Type Yes, people bigger than that are riding bigger than that. People get irritated by Ri, a lot of people get irritated by Ri. This is a wonderful character, more on that separately. I will make a video sometime very cute Character is there, it is in your face, it is like this are rich people and this is wealth and middle The class feels like chilli, oh he did it hey hey and his good luck the rich man He was born, now he just took photos These photos of all the actresses are available here. This is how he holds the hands of boys like big chillies Oh everyone else, why are you kept here? It is from him that people have not come to know till date Who is she like? What is her great height? I am so small, this is how his beard is, smile He is making money for the same thing. Brother what does he do is a liver liver What is left is what works, I work. Upon my self it's like it's like that Should what do you do you work for some Job is like Lalaji, company is like its profit. He works for himself by increasing his life. does and that's how much it is marketed on social Media everything is done, every buddy is Interested in every buddy hates him yet every Buddy is interested in him and the moment you Become Interested in Anybody Who Will Make Money You Will Not Make Money Problems Most What is it that causes you to be sad and to be around Everyone seems to be earning money or are more people You are not getting the same pain from you. The reason is instead of learning how you do it Please teach the man gets cheated and like this Some are like that, some are influence, some are like that. Only such people attract people in real life. Let's take this scam, that scam, he got robbed this made a fool of me you tell me Thousands of people are listening to me in you How many people get this constant feeling? or yourself or your immediate loved one to that You are being fooled constantly How many people get this feeling that they are stupid is being made constantly whether Politician Business Influence World Type B and you are saying no no no If you don't fool then type no idiot It is being made, everyone is also writing ok two or four have written no, rest all have written no Idiot, let me tell you one thing on the recording. If you don't run away, I won't mind. It seems okay that I should tell everyone who knows. Many old people know what to say You're not going to be fooled. Everyone is stupid, took advantage of that stupidity going like i tell you listen carefully to what people say Britishers Now now the fun has come, you will tell me friend Means good night at 7:30 Ram Ji Lala By saying that we have a nice holy day He is insulting at 8 o'clock, look at those who are being insulted. I feel like you go away, it's a full house people. There are 10 in line, 10 will go, 10 will come. The attitude is fine, you should not be above a thousand. It may look like a forest, but listen carefully. Come on, don't go, it's okay, it's hurting, two or three. So we left as soon as we said it's ok, nothing else No ok unless I do ted talks I wish you could enjoy your life, my friend. boost you listen carefully how many of u because today is the day I may be a little sensitive but then again I would also like to say that we have heard many And it was told that the British had divided End ruled and separated us Hindus Muslim separated how many of you agree With this theory this is a common theory Britons divide and rule if you agree Type A and if you disagree then Type D Because I am going to tell you something very amazing. I will link you and I with Saas If I cause pain in your life then how much? Of you agree that British divided and rule So many people are doing that in my old They are going to do something, okay, okay? so most people are doing agri ok Okay okay so I also call the British Britishers. I am also saying that the society was Already always divided they just use the Divisions such as between a mother-in-law and sister-in-law I use that, not divide and rule. Mother-in-law who has two sons, sister-in-law There is no way to divide anyone between sisters-in-law Can't do that, they manage those things. If exploited then it's like nothing There is something stupid in all of us, are you all? Am I not a fool, am I not alone? I'm not an idiot, I'm also a man. I am a stupid person There is intelligent man and there is mix Don't let your stupidity be exploited. Intelligence is not fooling you Greed is aroused or fear is aroused These two emotions are very good, remember them. Mom is one thing I can't do without. fomo is ok I want to buy FOMO property Want to buy some stuff or buy a phone? If you want to sell anything then there is a concept. Fomo is fine, fear of missing is fine. When people are in the market like real estate now If you are going then you are creating a fume. You are the one who calls someone like me, I am one. Okay, let me tell you how many things. U Agri Der Fomo U Understand Type U FOMO Fear of Missing Out This Marketing I also agree that the skill is there, but it We will understand, it is okay, this one, this one, this one Understand all people not one half Doesn't matter, maximum understands. It's okay, you understand, very good. So we can call this that FOMO Can I say this indirectly? No sorry directly not even that Indirectly if any old book story Listen, the lion has come, the lion has come, it means something. Means he had to get some attention or do something When it was a lion came, a lion came and then it was no more a lion This could also be an analogy. So if type H can exist then what is type H basically something has happened or Fear can also be called fear, isn't it a lion? A little more directly from Fear Fear so I I am also telling you directly from I Dint. A little in Hindi if I tell anyone Should I tell you something to explain it to you? The lion has come, the lion He did not come again but friend, the lion did come once I went, I want to tell you, now I I want to ask you brothers and sisters, this is childhood. Remember your 5 years or not 8 10 12 13 14 It's school time, the bus is coming in the morning and Mom is shouting, it's here, it's here, it's here, it's here. It's about to come, it's about to be missed, it's here, it's here, it's here So this bus that has come has come was a fear was it fomo yes and No, the bus comes at 7:30, it comes every day, brother. Sir, there was no FOMO, it was actually just coming. You were not ready, mother. I was thinking, get up, you will be late for school. I will go to the exam Mother will go, otherwise when mother is there, then fomo No because why would mother do that? So if you want to send me to school, then do it when mother does. Sorry, there comes a time when we enter youth. our parents go Actually changed from childhood to FOMO Something different from life enters Moves into narcissistic behavior And those who are like us from outside It doesn't seem like anything to you, maybe he will give you the right advice. Let's go out Life is very complex People fool you and you fool yourself too. Let's fool the world and this This kind of life in this crazy life I can never be happy when my Those outside are also cheating. Every Buddy Is Waiting Like Vultures Too Exploit your vulnerable It is a very very sad situation to do You Guys Agree With This Athlete's Type A And There is no disagreement in this. Respect Yuv. Understand it so type A don't degree Type A friend can also mean wife Parents, mother-in-law and father-in-law all drive their agenda. Politicians are doing it business builder Influencer, parents, wife and children too The child is not less than an 8 year old child. Manipulates and two more years One and a half year old champion They are crying and yet someone is looking at them like this If he comes then immediately and if he does not come then come In a short while all your movements will be fulfilled after one year. Neither does he drink water nor until he The soul depends on purity. Months as long as B keeps smiling His soul is pure until he sees you The day he stopped smiling, that's all. That's your energy going away slowly. It's okay because you don't smile See the baby when you see the baby Why do you enjoy it because you The state of nothingness takes you to the state There is neither fear nor greed because it is a matter of happiness I am talking deeply, I am understanding everyone. She will not come and if everyone comes then it will be beneficial. It's okay to ask each other what's going on When you go to a state where Which was that song where such sky Under the pretext where this is not there, that is also not there Kishore Da's song is ok so you understand My point is that the main job is to pay the state. of those like us that you never reached Because who are the biggest manipulators biggest i you tell me you 1000 people Be and I am one and people listen to me Stay brothers and sisters, if no one else is running Who can manipulate this situation I can do it or you can do it, whose power is it? I have power, I have power, I have power If yes then write Y O U and your possess power. If yes then write me what power do you have You are neither visible nor audible, you know you If you can fool you, you can be fooled. It just means it can be taken advantage of Emotions, emotions, anything that arouses emotions. can go and there is someone in every person Emotions will awaken in poor people. Will wake up as you become rich Emotions subside a little and you understand things better. Do you understand what I say? I am myself saying that I will I can, brother, I have a power of 1000. The game is going on, thousands of people are listening here Somehow I show you this story I can play a game of chess in front of you. I will play on whatever side I will play. Will win and till the last move when I checkmate I give it and it seems that the next one will not win. Even if I make him win, this man is super. man and whoever has the power to Whichever side bats, that team will win. There are such tough players in the market and this I'm training you, I'm training them too I give training, you are a big dick sir. So you are the devil then you are the devil I am a consultant, anyone can pay for it Take knowledge of these common suppliers who Would like to manufacture this May there be peace and there is fire somewhere in life. Only if you keep busy will you buy weapons. Everyone will be happy. If I go then who will buy the weapon? Tell me one. How many security guards are there in the mall? If something goes wrong at one place, a bomb will explode. How many people need to provide security for the entire place? If you look the other way then there is security in yourself. So there is no use now that he is inside the ship The man was slapping, what about the pilot? Pilot has a knack for slapping people What entitlement did he have to go on that honeymoon? Everyone was sitting, even the children were crying. Women must also be feeling sad He must be having some trouble like this What happened that you went and slapped the pilot? You see what I am right now True to Tell You People I of Happiness I am going to tell you a secret, you listen now Want or how come everything is so free Let me tell you, it's ok if you get a stomach ache. But only a thousand people are listening, okay a few platinum will listen ok jin jin I don't want to become a platinum member. Write on Telegram because I am right now Many grades of platinum have been poured and Now the level is going to be higher till 799. Do you have membership so you can come and watch? I have to do it so I can tell you something right now I am going to tell you, write carefully with paper and pen. you can take out you can take out paper pen So don't take it out, just do telegram. Brother 00 messages come because now my I want to see work messages in Kogram I want to see only those messages which I am just telling you clearly that I can earn money. I like useless good morning messages best. Wish Messages We Love You We Hate You These Messages Don't see how you too can do this in life Many of you agree that Telegram is the better The ones I stuck and these whatsapp-web make this and send it to your morning If they do then come on Telegram because You know you don't get dirty messages there Religion has to meet, politics has to meet We are meeting according to the agenda. You will be meeting. Talk of money is part of the agenda here. Do it in Telegram 10 in Telegram Add a person, you just know how to connect with each other. that all these rich people and I have nothing in life How to move forward if it is growth oriented? Many of you agree that Telegram is correct, friend. one at all There is no telegram yet, she is still a short wife. Okay, it's not that contaminated. So you can talk about other things I went there ok telegram The public is educated, it's okay, just a lot People did not come on Telegram and they will come No because that's fine ok ok so now I'll start, what do you guys like? You have to take out the paper for happiness, you are fine First of all, take out the paper. You ready, get paper from somewhere, 30 seconds I am giving time Everyone and now these 999 people are listening again Sometimes it becomes a thousand, then it becomes a thousand now ok you my platinum membership How many people want to take because I now I will go to very high level things because my stomach hurts I have things to tell you even though I'm still high I will tell you about the level but this recording Only a thousand people will get platinum in If yes, then think about it, he is telling this for free. So what is this that I am telling you today? I am going to tell you the truth or it is very strong. Those who are useful influences like me are fine Listen carefully, we are like barbers Hair cutter after cutting hair I will massage it a little like this and say brother Sir, if you want something else, there are many people there. I will be happy and others will get massage Will take 200 00 and will get his hair cut Get less money and 10 minutes of massage Let's see more you know okay But the fun comes only in massage and cutting hair. There is a hygiene factor and the fun lies in the massage itself. It comes, many people do not do it, they think that hey this is Sitting for this is nothing but a means of earning Nothing else no no that Sandeep Maheshwari So he doesn't do it. Oh brother, he does it too. You don't know the model, ok? Have you ever joined IIT? Membership will have to appear for IIT exam. To join, write P to Telegram. I have to do it, ok, I have to telegram. Many people have written this here. Telegram I have taken the paper I was given time to bring it, the paper has just arrived. Write first and then write your whoever gets married sitting with his wife and who He is a bachelor and can write alone. Both married people can write first Write What Makes You Sad, there will be two-four-five things in it, Sad Sad is different emotion then write what makes You are happy, the second question is ok, write the third one. What Makes You Tired First What Makes You Sad What Makes You Happy Then What Makes You Happy you are tired what makes you frustrated And someone will do something better Emotions of anyone with whom your emotions go is being talked about What makes you angry and when does it happen? So no, you are suffering from sexual dysfunction. You have to meet a sexologist and You are sitting as your boss and your juniors are Specially venting out frustration I know many men on women Those who come in their 40s, the poor people wander around crying. Roam around and then this problem emerges Actually he is having sexual issues which they are not able to fix because He is not getting time and he gives up have done it now they want that their Everybody should have an issue in the office If you know such buses then this type If you are identifying with the situation type Id this situation se aap yaar mera mere ko It seems my boss is in such a state, I suspect Is it happening to you? Type ID is happening to someone. The one who won't let go will insure 11 will call you at o'clock or say that the group But I will post it if you haven't read the message. Get away from the boss boss guys Get out, no one fires you these days I'm telling you about my day at work. It will not be easy to get scared, it will be so easy No big i job interview and this More consultation in recruitment and all this I give a lot of life to us so much If our family gets whipped someone has to be fired or he leaves let's go and we are leaving more and more The laws regarding eviction are not being enforced If it happened then I am telling you an inside story If you are being held too tight yourself Don't quit your job, be shameless, fire someone If you give then you will definitely be troubled, you will definitely be troubled. No one will vote, it's all Rahu and Ketu. No, Ketu bites, it is actually real. Pain is real, pain is never false When there is a toothache, that pain is a pain. And hate is not the only real emotion of life Everything else is just a fluke, so fear is scaring you. ok ok what makes you fearful Being angry makes you angry. Makes you angry, happy becomes sad Gone Te Jao What Makes You Get Into This emotion of fear: Whom do you fear? You will lose your job, you will lose your relationship, you will lose your boss. Parents will scold you for not getting promotion, Jalil. Will you do it or will someone get angry? What is that? Write all the things, write all the things, write all the things And start living your life accordingly Do and happiness is an equation in life. that enter its constant from you Most people are unhappy because your Everything is a variable in the equation of life. We will do job somewhere, relationship somewhere else, face somewhere else I will kill you, okay I will leave the city anytime Will change house anytime, will not buy house we will stay anywhere and eat anywhere Okay, I will drink anything, routine, anytime. I will wake up anytime, I will sleep today When an average 25-30 year old comes to me any good consultation for pass consultation For Guruji from Gurugram I want to contact you on gmail.com and I am very There are high fees which is very dyspareunia He should also tell you how much is the consultation fee. I am 30 months into my platinum membership The subscription is 50 minutes from me. There is a fee to talk so that's why I'm saying Learn from me instead of taking consultation from me. Take consultation from me rich man The one who understands everything and is 50 years older than me Will do a lot of good for himself in a minute Because my aim is to pay that fee. I will do good to you 100, 200, 500 times. So if you ABC kids come again If you go then you will say that you were cheated, okay? why is viveka badra getting whipped Because he got into the wrong audience So why would we kill him and sell him there? It's not okay with people like Kurs You should have sold it, it's okay, there's some substance to it But you are getting fined at the wrong place. This is how you are opening a dining restaurant. Where is he now among the people? They will understand what food they are eating. You are selling Sashi there. What is Sashi? It means that after doing Sashi Sashi, I will also come like this. What is Sashi? Sashi is also not eaten cold. Rice is ok ha Guruji from Gurugram gmail id correct then it is My ID because I just changed it this year I am very busy or my phone The expensive phone hangs and took another one. I took the phone once, what should I do? This is the only thing I can do What have you done? this ok yes so all this you wrote is ok with you We have to know how to juice relationships that make us unhappy. The job itself makes us unhappy, the money Lack of money makes us sad but money Having fun is also a skill than job. to enjoy even the things that make us sad There is happiness, there is a technique hidden in them. Must be able to extract it like coconut To pluck, to extract juice from sugarcane, to cut. Do you want to prepare any vegetable? I can give you a simple recipe. Let me tell you something, okay, I am simple. Let me tell you the ingredients. woman do it four man do it take yak Give everyone the same kitchen, give utensils and Give him the ingredients and tell him to make it brother. same ingredients in same sabji and same thing Hey man, who's doing this with this record? C There is no harassment in this free one. going Is there anyone who can stop this and that right now? I don't feel bad for any bachelor. put it like this if anyone bothers me So brother blood will come out my Rahu is in that of the house where if I scare him like this then he Very strong astrologer becomes real don't do it now i don't want to do it now even if still hasn't come So it starts in 10:155 minutes Whoever has the courage to try will go. now you can try to harass me I mouthed it, okay, you are scared, do it. try it now try blood it will turn out fine Is someone saying I was not there I said are you ok i just did one Now someone has troubled me 10:1 At this time blood will come out, try it and see it has to be done right OK If yes then I am this why should I not disturb? If it happens then I will have energy inside me and Flow hai vo todta data yaram, now it's like The guy was singing a song, now look at the song The man sings the song in unison Sings now I am the one who will slide He will read something by looking like Nar Varik Someone created the content. Someone created the content. Someone made the presentation, I saw it Tell me, you guys are my audience. There is an audience, there are all the people who tolerate it 25 30 35 40 45 50 Government Business Here I am sad and I am in the business of happiness people here mutual Do SIP of Rs 5000 if you don't exceed your fund. I will reach here one day I said why don't you do it for 990 years? Why do you say these 10 20 years old bo 90 fix the year like this ok ok so sad us ingredients If we gave everyone beans then tell me Will there still be a difference if the vegetable turns into beans? If there is a difference, then type F and beans will be formed. Type S Hey, the cake is not made, that's the same thing. Eggs, all the same things, all those things, flour It's the same and the baking is the same and the oven is the same The temperature is the same and the recipe is the same. But brother, still the same thing does not come. The water of Gol Gappa does not match the same. If you go to the shop they all say 'ours' There is a secret recipe in this recipe Too If you understand then that means this That's why people earn money from this stock market. People are investing their money in this stock market People are losing money in this real estate People are earning money in this real estate Some people are losing in this marriage. Some people are very happy, some people are very sad Some people are unhappy with only one partner in one marriage One is sad and one is happy, is it possible or Otherwise tell me if it is possible then type P and If impossible then type I is only one marriage. come to me for marital consultation I ask them separately to tell me about marriage. Brother, is it never the same in marriage? Both said he is happy, it is impossible. This means that if the husband is happy then the wife is happy Has to be a happy brother and husband is Happy end if wife is happy in marriage Abhi is very happy and then you look at the husband And then you realize that yes their problem Understand what this life is This is life, this is how it is here You will have to decide to marry a demanding wife. It has become auspicious, that's what they say, isn't it? Guruji will tell you how to handle it Rajesh Khanna's song to Manglik Biwi Which song do you want to apply? The old one is my student Remember Rajesh Khanna's movie Ugana The name is for my life partner Tanuja ji Rajesh Khanna sang that song For my wife's sake, I will tell you again, wife. What a fighter's wife she can become. who is energetic Oh yes, if you hold my hand then it is mine. Which line is it, I have asked you for the world For this, please forward it to me and tell me. When you protect your wives and give them feeling No husband's friend, you protect yourself, you are right. Whenever I get an energetic wife, I am proud. May you find a wife who can scold you, may you find a demanding one. What is it, she will take all the responsibility Even the curtains won't let you do anything. Where will the children go to school? What will your parents tell your parents? Will be given a gift only she will tell about the wedding There will be functions, what does it all have to do with it? People say that there is no better wife than this. There is a problem in marrying a Manglik Manglik should be searched for everything brother She will take the responsibility, she needs the feeling Just do your job comfortably. Relax and say that he asked for you You hold my hand for the world I can change the world i.e. you are my hand First hold on, then I will go to change the world Give such a feeling, it's okay, I enjoyed the taste. Manglik husband is here, it's more fun! Manglik husband to default husband Settings set to do everything eat and drink Protection, just tell him about it. Just keep clapping manglik husband Clapping when you leave the house, clap when you return hug me i was going to tell you one more thing Now listen to me very carefully I give advice to all men by the way I have also given the recording in the feed. It has also been given but also for free because many New people have joined now so I am giving this I'll ask half a question then we'll finish okay First I want to tell men I am and women will answer this I gave the right advice All Females Listening to Me Will Type S If I gave this advice right or wrong then Write GA is wrong and right and man me Tell me that if there is pain then write P and If you enjoy it then write AG but a little. write after listening and after understanding a little Don't write immediately as it may hurt There can be pleasure and the woman can also enjoy it. Listen carefully, first tell me how many today People want to know this secret so type r this Enjoy platinum, you got the chance That you have entered, thousands of people are desperate for this There was a queue to enter the webinar What is so good inside? What do you say about Nirmal Baba? Isn't that a gathering, isn't it something? no what's going on Many people want to know the secret Are no no court no grace no say anything There is no gathering, nothing else is said, not even satsang. Where does satsang take place, man, that environment is not even there. Not Even a Sermon or Not Getting the Word Right Many poor people do this Now people like me very much I keep saying this again and again, how can you say this? Why do the poor do this and that, why do they do this? If you can't say rich then why poor? Can't say rich people are dirty then Why can't poor people be dirty middle? Why can't the class be dirty? Everyone can be dirty, I am not saying this I am not saying that all poor people are dirty. I'm not even saying that all rich people are dirty. That all middle class people are dirty and I too I am not saying everything may be good Every class can have its own stupidity. Your kings and fools are none of yours He is going to open the slip and is happy with that. People say that the middle class is in trouble. that poor people get their slips opened You become happy in Bhageshwar Dham and this Who gave you superstition and nonsense I told you to become a moral science teacher or a teacher Be happy yourself, he is going to her The slip is opening, he is having some fun They are saying what is there in astrology The question is, ask me now, I have become Go Bhageshwar, I will open the slip. I have to see your time, I have to see your dedication. Every question will be asked and its answer will be the same. Just ask, it will get done because most of the time If you ask any question whose answer Brothers and sisters, you may be in yes and no, but at least 50. I have the same chance to be right and If only I had got two paisa in it If I had some sense then my chances would have been 75-80 If there is a 75 or 80 chance then it means bat. It's a bat, what's the problem, everyone is at 50. Brother, I will get married. If it doesn't happen, it will happen after two months. What? Is the possibility of this happening at 50? Because whose outcome is yes and No, anyone can become 50, at least a little bit. Something comes to you, may some blessings come to you. May you get a little hit, a little something If you know the technique then the chances become 8090. Baba, you can also become me. Come, become me. Let us tell you that anyone can become a king Let me tell you that it's over with my buddy Confident first before telling the secret I talk a lot about being overconfident. People who don't show confidence I call myself an arrogant person too. You can say that it is okay, many people like me too I make mistakes even though I am not B I want to tell you something very big This middle class finds it very chilly when a man talks like this I talked, I said blood at 10:1 Turns out a man was harassing me Then he might get upset if he didn't. Then I may get humiliated but there will definitely be blood. If he is sure that it will come out then he can do it. may try to harass me Yes but there will be blood but I said so So whether he did it or not, now you You will say many, you will say many, you are a hypocrite, you will say many, Many will say nonsense, this is attitude, many will say. Overconfidence: Someone will say I am arrogant. want to tell you one thing whenever life I will tell you about your wife's or your operation. If you want to get it done then what kind of doctor do you need? Need a confident good confident I don't know whether I want it or whether I want it doubtful. Will not be able to save, hands come every day It's like today, it's Tuesday, so maybe we'll be saved. Don't consult a doctor on Wednesday. What kind of doctor do you like? If you want confidence then tell me. Type C and whoever wants it like this, I don't know How many marks have I got in 6 years? I have been doctored and I was like this and I So I have become a copycat and this is how I found it. I need a confidant, don't you? I need a confident guy, right? You are sitting in a plane, one of your engines stopped. How do you want a pilot in the air, Dhabang? Want Confident Want Lady German One Engine Have flame out we're 120 miles high is This We Will Be Preparing for Landing Please what do you say Crew to Station Titan You can kill English by doing this seat belt or that. Give you confidence no matter what and He is not speaking to you. You can see the engine running. It was going on, it stopped after steaming, then you got it. How does that guy on the Hudson River want it? Landed, do you want such a captain or You want the Doubtful one, we also want the confectioner. I want good laddu if I want to get married. Will make us eat better when everywhere If you want confidence then show that confidence Why do you hit him just because? you can't show Confidence hey tell me in life driver is driving is your driver Is there fog or is the road bad or something? tell me how to do reverse parallel parking She is your wife, she is reverse parallel. is parking you are asking him Will do will do and toot toot that green Line and this line are coming in those trains Where it is coming these days is Trim Lines People knock there too, it's okay and those who If it happens in the old one also then you What will you say if you don't know what your wife is saying It won't take you, it won't take you two minutes I will know the result as to how I am. Do you want a good or confident driver? If you want confidence then type C. Do I Want Every Buddy to Clear This Thing Once and for all you give money to someone If you ask 100 times brother, the builder will run away. So no brother, the house will be built brother. My one construction is brother this Specifications will be fine, invest somewhere do mutual fund subject If they market it, they would have said it. Still you ask, you will get it at 12 but at 15 You will find us everywhere actually Need a confident man but a confident man If we collide then it is not good for us Looks like we need a humble man, how far can a humble man be? Someone has arrived, which man do you want? He stands up and says he has a 56 inch chest You went and measured 56 inches chest. 56 inches Must be stitched, brothers and sisters, so that it becomes like that. Whatever happens, do you want this man or this one? He is telling me to see how to do it friend see anything anyone do anything yes see Look, everything is good, no, you see, you see. Brothers and sisters, you see it like this, see it like this May this not happen in this 207 2100 Hey so you calculate I How old will I be but you still have the story So you are looking good, the guy is confident I tell you this as a story teller dreamer overconfident Confident person is much better than some buddy Who Don't Have Story Who Doesn't Have Confidence The Kind of Father and Man and Husband You Will Be Want Jo Doubtful Is Booking In Everything Do you know if we are going for a walk? I don't know which one I will live in, I don't know where I don't know how long I will eat, I don't know how long it will last. No, I don't know when I will come, I don't have reservations for coming Don't know if you want a man that Brother, this fighter movie is going on 25th. Homes Mall show is being released at 10 o'clock This is director's cut, this is the seat number The ticket is Dal Bhati Churma, we will eat the picture. Will watch and review later Don't know whether planning is clear or got ticket Didn't find it, went away, what kind of person do you want? You tell me if this point is cleared. Then from today onwards we have to focus on these only. When ever you find a confident man Just see where his confidence comes from Confidence also comes from stupidity let me Tell you comes from foolishness as well as from knowledge Now how does it come from knowledge and How does it differ from stupidity? Brothers and sisters, we want to do it now for free I won't tell but I definitely know that Underconfident is a trick but everyone A confident man is not necessary, he is useful. but hard Finish Will you do it yes sir how the passion high sir So maybe someone will do something and say how are you I don't even know if you will do it. What to do? Are you this army? Will save you ok so understand carefully Okay so what was I going to tell you about? Told Many Times Again I'll Tell This For The man and the woman should listen to it and we will finish it with this up to the woman who is your wife Is You can give him happiness or sadness People both can and give anything Husbands both give but be very Careful She Will Make It 10X and Give It Back then if you are troubling him then give him pain. If you are going then you should be mentally ready 10 times If you are not capable of taking then don't give. If you give happiness, if you give respect, if you give feelings then don't give. And if you give him fear, insecurity If you give me the regions of jealousy, you will give me 10 times more. Time Will Be Of Our Choose Place Will Be Of Her sucking i have many women 20 25 30 wait for a year see 20 25 30 years which redemption picture The name starts with S, tell me Shana Shashank the riddle waits slowly slowly and then time The husband comes from The Empire Strikes Back Doesn't know what happened underneath it The family has been against him all his life. The way he worked, he created assets and earned money. The woman endured a lot and slowly everything The property was registered in her name by her husband. Thinking this would save me money on 2 of my registry Will go and the fare I will get on this I don't have to pay tax and I am a businessman I will take the benefit, I will take it after that He says do this and if the woman says then it's mine How to do this, my husband will not do it. She says, I am telling you who you are, daughter-in-law. son with him son in law with him daughter with him grandson god all with him Dada Nana it's like what happened what is this This is happening in many of your homes. It can happen to you at home too This world can be a very careful man they feel like they are driving it If the house is fine then many people do not marry. If you don't want to do it, the bamboo won't play the flute They have their own issues, I will talk about them some other time. I will cover under webinars then platinum Webinars remain free for members If you want to take platinum membership So call me tele we say do it then Telegram me, I have to say this. Will you speak or will you speak via telegram message? Have I not spoken yet? So send me a telegram message. Please do the number I gave you. Telegram is ok so astrology they are learning they are doing well it Recording We Can Stop Some People Answer or one half of some people People Can Rage on Recording Give Hands and Ask an Intelligent Question if it is not very intelligent Question Now Many People Hit Dialogue No No Question Can't Be a Stupid Answer Can be stupid no question stupid i Also agree with it but then you still ask a few questions that If it is good for the others then we can stay for two minutes. Let's not take recording. so that you guys can ask comfortably ok those listening to the recording Platinum Membership Okay, that's already. If there is only platinum then there will be Mashhari too. can't do this