Hello friends, it is a bit deep topic, freedom from job is a big topic in itself, but think of it, we will talk about it from the starter perspective, when India was not free, we were slaves from the country and the British were ruling us, then did everyone have this feeling of slavery?  If everyone had it, then everyone would have been a freedom fighter. There were many people who were born in 1867, 1875, 1880 and died by 1940, doing nothing and eating and drinking comfortably.  It's okay but many people went to sleep. The fight for independence was fought by those who knew that there was something wrong. There are so many people in the job these days. Now it is not accepted because when you accept it, people  This thing is very deep, there is something wrong if you cannot have lunch at 1:30. Whatever job you do every day, write yes and no. Is it okay? Are you feeling sleepy at 3:15, then measure half an hour.  find  When you need a holiday to go somewhere, if you book your ticket two months in advance, then you know that hotels and transportation are also cheaper, but are you able to do this so much in advance that you have assurance? If the answer is no, then yes, you are a gift. It is enough to understand this. When he used to be in America type, he would have known Shweta Shweta Slavery before that, but we are sleeves, that feeling was that he was his in us.  There was pain but that feeling was there, today that feeling is not even there, when there is no feeling, that is the biggest problem because when there is no feeling, if you will never prepare to break that feeling, then is job a wrong thing, not everyone should do it. Many people say like this, you will be able to leave the job, I don't have a job at all chhudwa, I am against the job, I am just against the feeling that don't celebrate the job, I got it, meaning you have to say like this, go mom, I got the job, I am a servant.  Either I have become a government servant or I have become a government servant because you know the word job or I have become its servant. Either don't celebrate it like this or I do n't understand what to do in life. Experiences are games for yourself but they are a thing.  Don't celebrate so grandly like it is done in the media, as if after becoming an IAS, you have cleared UPSC, garlands are being made as if if you become a minister, then it is understandable that brother, you have become that, you feel like becoming Yogesh.  Are you taking him to the next level, if you have given him the feeling of a minister when he is 24 or 25 years old and has got a job, he has not worked even for a day, has not even been to Mussoorie, has not even received training yet.  It has happened that you have already given him the feeling, so now he is left, does he have the same motivation as in the future, so you have given him everything here, then he goes and comes to know, okay, this is this, this is the game, and then also tell someone.  Can't and ask again how is it, it is very good. Never ask any employee who is not very close to you and is not your own, ' Brother, all this is good.' No one tells the inside story of his organization, no one is like that, do not stay away from the employee of his job, do not celebrate the job with the employee, it is important to do the job, do whatever you get, but remember that you  What if you have to take someone else's permission to meet your wife and children? Brother, I am on leave for four days and I am staying there. I should leave. I am taking my mother to the hospital because she has a stomach ache. I should end the day early today because I have to leave.  If I want to take it out, if my audience is mature, there is already a video on Pragmatic Series, but now I have the courage to talk openly, when the subscribers increased earlier, they were less and now they have increased more, then why should I not take government jobs? Brother of practical reason, why should one not do practical, it is absolutely medical liquor, that is, even if someone comes and gives it to you for free, then people do not know how to fight on reservation, give it to the yeast, there is a queue for one post along with thousands of applications.  Here's what is okay but you are my audience that you would like to hear that if your son or daughter is getting a government job from above then why should he not do the same. They are looking for this video.  You are there because when this clarity will come in the society which I will give the information openly, then only this dignity which has been maintained, be it hot or not, will be clear as to which way the government is going, which way the country is going and the economics is this.  Where are the trends going? Where is the world going? What happened to government jobs in other countries? How sexy and considered a government servant is in America? Where is his/her registration in the society? How does the marriage market work? So, you will know this very much.  Thing  Regarding job, it is important to always do the job, it started at 22, it started at 60, this is not possible, other more SCR system will not exist and if you are facing problem in your job then you need freedom and freedom, what should I do brother  Sir, what should I do, it is not coming from Bhai Sahib, you tell me, give me an injection and then I say, do this, I will tell you as an example in a corporate, give one person in a corporate.  He was doing a job worth two and a half to three lakhs, he left that job and opened a samosa and tea shop on the ground floor in the same office. The Prime Minister had also said that pakodas are a big uphaas banaaiye. I am telling a practical example, so he opened a good tea shop.  It is becoming very good, very good doctor, very nice, very nice, okay, people like this talk, today sleep break, tea break, paneer pakodas, samosas, tea, end day, ask brother, go to work somewhere else and  Shockingly, I am making the same amount of money as I am making in my job, but more than that, plus I am establishing one thing for my son, he can sit with his eyes straight and I can do something else and see it's returns. Instead of asking this before marriage, brother, what do you do? Brother, if you are an engineer, then tell this return. You cannot be an engineer and do not file this return because the annual salary is not above Rs 5 lakh, so people are on social welfare.  You are going on an appointment for the sake of status, but you do n't want to go, don't go like this in a job, you will get freedom only then in marriage market, you are married to the job and that girl and the girl's parents, when they themselves will see someone else earning and that.  Marriage will take place on the basis of these returns, just like you get a loan, show these returns for the last 2 years and 3 years, okay, show Form 16, show it like this, marriages will also happen like this, show it in the same way then.  I will not ask for return, I will not ask for return, what does it do directly, then you will automatically know by wearing this return, link with it because there are many things which cannot be explained and told but people are doing it and money is being reduced very much, so this series and  This is my video, if you like it, I would like to take it in the direction. You will not be able to understand it on a big level, I also know it and I do not want to explain it to everyone. This channel is for the intellectual and sombody.  Wants you to be intellectual, this channel is not for D, tell me quickly, the one below is the one, it is not for that channel, brother, Kariman ji has opened many such channels for that, homeji daughter-in-law, there are many such channels, many of them  -There are three to four-five crore subscribers, they are doing very well, they have very good content, so for them you can go here, okay, so here you will learn the notes gradually, in one video, all at once.  You do n't get freedom. You get freedom when you first realize that you are not free. Okay, my job today. Okay, I won't get promotion tomorrow. The one below me will get it. There was some problem at home. There was an issue in performance. The boss may have got dirty. Maybe your job is the products that are in us.  They are yours to sell, because if all the companies go for growth then the sky will be destroyed, even the trees stop, you also stop, you become 6 feet tall, 5 feet 8 inches tall.  We have become not growing, there is a limit for everything, it is okay, so who knows if those flags are being posted in such a company, whether there is no growth or there is growth, then recognize the patterns, do the job smartly in high growth sector.  You have to go to Sunrise Sector because that thing is going well, so you want videos of all these things because I am my man that the youngsters and those who are associated with you are your children who are there without working hard. If you want to go from Delhi to Hisar then why do you want to go through Rohtak Kila Road? Bypass has been made by the government and there is no need to enter inside Rohtak.  If you want to go from Delhi to Hisar, then there is a good bypass of the government. If you do that, then I want to bring that bypass in your life. Do you want such a bypass in your life, when you have passed the world in that ghusoi?  There you discover your bypass and bypass it and reach where you wanted to reach. Please write Bhai Pass in the comment section, then you will definitely get the bypass video. In the 10 minute video, only a few eyes are opened and then some are shown in the next one.  It is said that if I start showing something without even opening it, it will not be visible. You can come and do it and I want to show you something, you cannot see, so first he will have to open his eyes towards the aspect.  You are a servant by looking and feeling. Those who work every day sleep at night. Han, I am a servant. If you are so brilliant then you will not do a job. Remember this, you are better than those who did not even get a job, but you are not a topper. Remember this. I hope I was successful in understanding this message. The economy is going to move forward. Multiple assets are going to be entered. Technology is going to open a lot of possibilities. Well, many people will have the ability to earn money in very different ways, so they will consider the aspects.  I will cover it also please write in the comment section likhiyega bypass thank you very much