Hello friends, today's topic will be leadership. Let's talk about leadership in jobs and most of all you must have heard it in Prad. There is a lot of literature, videos and many webinars, seminars in English and Hindi on leadership. According to the Indian context, I will tell you about leadership in a way.  I will open the secrets of whatever conversation there is, understand it carefully and understand it pragmatically that this leadership is only applicable in military, that we have picked it up from there or brought it early.  It was released in America at the time of 980 in the Twentieth Century that if people go and sacrifice their lives for the leadership of the military, then can't our leadership be such that we get the work done with blood and sweat?  If something like this can happen then a lot of brain was spent on it and all this kind of bell started ringing and in the bell John is a great leader leader of political parlor you can understand that you are a  Military pass less, leave it for exit, there is a need in the family too, father also needs liter, American than liter is fine, but this type of leadership is running, it is job based leadership, so you have to see that there the leader has his own  Whether this one is good or bad, by the way, telling this to the rest of the gym will make Barok very sensitive, but I did not stop inside him, but the ultimate is that without creating any ruckus from the people below, what is the maximum?  The juice that can be extracted is the quality of the readers, then what would be bad leadership? What would be useless leadership? Where it is okay to leave the application and run away, but in the good leadership, it is not that the employees are convinced that it is very good, it is you who will appreciate it a lot.  You have to act, you understand my point, a lot of things can be done by holding the tail of leadership and only the leader is strong, only the leader goes to the top management of your company, a good offer can be made in 2 minutes.  By selling shares, she was handing over the leadership to some other management. By doing so, the same company was sharing it. Your senior manager, who has been in a senior position in the company for 10-12 years, gets the right opportunity by saving his own money.  Those who are at the bottom are the ones who are told stories, friends, they are told that they are preparing you for a leadership role, so now you understand how to become a leader, as if When India was not independent, it was British, its leadership grade was British, was it good for the Indians, was it good for their company, was it good for their country, our Indians, if you watch that RR picture, please write RR, is that scene in it? He speaks English, in the beginning he says that his tweet man and then his Ramcharan ji and by doing this how he brings many more. See your realization, there is some system but ask them. Go at that time and ask that Indians were only in the police that every  So now we wonder what Indian fault is in 2022, he is in the business of attacking fellow Indians and white people, that means he is killing his own countrymen, it means it is okay if he kills, it makes sense, it is okay that our own people are killing our own people.  Are meaning what was this do this leadership do this leadership of British leaders not a great world first for post office as great butt made this I know ball rolling can be various systems old  It happens a lot when the security built in the soul gets broken, it is bad, people's lens is with themselves, then religious people have it with their family and like that, then John is the leader, his partner is the stakeholder to create wealth.  This is only for you, you will get negative results in three quarters in four quarters, the leadership will change, the CO will change, you will also grind, you will be maintained, do it and how do good results come? Good results come from those who work.  By extracting their juice and seeing them having less wings, if they will be given more salary, when will they extract A's juice, the profit will be less, if it is a simple calculation, then the leadership which motivates you by fooling the forces, is the right effect, time now and this word motivate malai now and at this place.  In English a little bit I think it's above it is one to hate hota ter love to one thing hoti means like it motivate where speaking the word is that I will motivate you  You motivate me that she doesn't forgive like this when she does something not good for an enemy that she has to drink milk from the child, it is not okay for the stomach to drink, it is not okay, she thinks that milk is so good that she should drink it, my mother-in-law said. Rest of the children, whenever you need to motivate someone, you ask your heart, you are fooling him, you are motivating him, you see that clarity is a different thing, it is relative, half of it is motivation classification.  On top of this, motivation is glassful of water and full with and thirdly, now we should drink half a glass of water in it, otherwise we should take water from another place, why are you getting into this, and we can drink one glass of water, but this is literature culture and this. This quarter inch is their leadership, we are not behind us. Hmm okay, so you understand ours a little in Awadh, after 10-20 years, now we earn our bread with this, young stars are being made here and corporate rangers are being made.  HR helps us as motivator employers and he likes to send us home on time and get other work done, he will do it to his heart's content and as much as he can bill, if the bill is less then he will leave and leave more again.  If you need to do more, if he is working on less then it is okay, you are throwing a party on Friday to motivate him, work is pending in his house, he drinks too much on Saturday, he becomes angry with his wife.  Work gets done, I do n't learn anything of my own, I don't have my own life, so I assume that I am in the clutches of it. What is leadership? Capture those who are in your heart all the time, their time, just take everything from their mind space. Enter into it, updates on good leadership, brother, it's a sad day, giving a Sunday presentation, doing this, posting a report, this is your promotion, we will send you to Phuket, this is a 5 day training that people go to, is it okay, why do they go?  Why do we send people for motivation? What is great is that you will come there during the rainy season, you will come here immediately, you will come there after getting five stars and that too, you have been trained, and before that you were being grinded, you will come.  This is ok because you come relaxed and after being relaxed, they send you to the flight, these people are from subscribe, meaning at that time you clean your stomach and you don't know and the upcoming practical things are in subscribe.  You ca n't even understand the fun of writing it down, but this truth is true, work on it and say it in such a way that we feel like laughing from within, nuts and did yes, look at it like this too, in reality, this is what happens in all flights, gestures, resorts, meaning every day. In the place of cold, vomiting everywhere, this motivation leadership stock to individual, this whole teeth and similarly our country was surveyed by your attacks by the invaders that we knew that it was time for thing and thing  You tell me, 140 crore Indians have done good work and earned money from it. They opened factories in every country and sold the products. You will tell me what is wrong, it is okay that your own blood was sucked and that money was filled with profit and it was not used again. Those who are setting up here also have some good industries, those who are setting up here also are rock, ultimately the profit should be bigger for the share holder, it could be anyone, it could be the Singapore Government too, you understand.  As far as I am concerned, it can be anyone's story, it will all be a story or not, it is your advantage too, look at your advantage first, I am saying that you become a leader, calculate your network of people's family on your own 4, put your balance sheet in the company.  Also, playing this game in the office is a very good game of documentation, you do n't know anything about your documentation, you do n't know anything about your network, where are you going, in which direction are you going, sinful leadership keeps you busy, meetings.  Purchase meeting, training, then meeting, then target, we will give feedback on this meeting. Okay, what happened in the previous one, then we will follow up on that one. This is the English term, we have written so much, follow and give feedback, this data, that data, this.  Give that Radha Dakar has nothing to do with the company, I told you where the demand data is going, keep the curd of your mind so that you get 15 minutes to think, she knows how much work is done in the office.  If you do n't give ghee, then gradually you will get so many employees working in the company. Meghnad Function How to earn money in function, I don't know that the day he came to know that brothers and sisters will work, if he clicks on that thing then I am in the company and that is you.  See how your company is earning money, the product comes from the mine, where is the logistics like supply chain, where is the distributor, how is it earning like margin, you are just very happy with your room.  Your physical product is mine, that's all I have to do with it. If you are like this, then brother, you will remain the same, you will do leadership leadership and will say, where is this trick, if you are there, where is Yusuf, go to the place where you want to go. Before Going With Her Teammates Printing Access to Free Alcohol and Eating Too Much Food Without Your Near and Dear Ones Can Never Been Sworn In  Government has to be with you if your kid you are going to sleep in your photos for your memories because you people have always been together, there would have been companies then take out your leadership, put yours in English, you should be able to make it well.  Thappad Friends, I had told you that at the time of British rule, the British were the top leadership, so they had maintained the middle leadership, a lot of what we used to do like Indians, you were cold.  We have to kill, who used to do all this work, the British were to be distracted, to control the recent killing and we have the same system, the same system is still there, but it is a pity that the contrast is not visible, so I have used the example sometimes.  To have to use superlative figure of speech, to try to drive home the point, so I'm not at all, to suggest that vegetable is English and it is like this, do it like that, do it like that, I 'm just  Trying to bring out the point that the country's leadership is good to friends and relatives and it has got a lot of coverage, so much coverage is not needed, now I am telling you what is better in your life and you do not need good leadership to improve your life. If leadership is good then you are becoming more like Vikar, remember this, if leadership is bad then start thinking about yourself early years in good leadership you will be  Built to a full life time and if your life is cut short or if your life is cut off and yours is also cut off then you have to see that good leadership is better than a bird in the body, for you the leadership is good for the company, then the company is the bank leadership.  But this encounter will increase the wedding leaders' chances of thinking for themselves that hey, what is this, then Miraj should do it, I can get my work done somewhere else.  I also have my sugarcane, you are getting it poured by this one guy, he gets this much juice and gives you this much, can you extract this much juice yourself in your village, there you extract your juice to drink and how much you extract when you extract it, here you will get this much for this much money  You are extracting juice, he is giving you only so much of it, he is extracting only yours, so you will decide where to extract my juice, I am hoping that if the people felt very bad, then it did not feel so much that I could not understand, please apply life. Write in the comment section, do you do a clear audio, I could understand the words, now you understand tracks, you understand the word, now you Google the word, it will seem like tracks, but now it is stretched, our India which is India vs wrong word actually India, the old knowledge of India which is our  That subscription of India is fine, it has to be shared with understanding, the feelings that are coming out in one and a half videos, this is what I have told, it is not written, I am telling it in this way. I am not written like this, but someone should come and tell me what is not written. You have to tell it once, because at some point, something original was also written from somewhere. Eat it, the rest is all cut and copy paste. In today's time, you know.  But it was original also, if there is any thought process then did you like this original? Please write in the comment section and thank you.