Quality is ok I am introducing a new concept original by heart by now only about job vs self employment which can be business also or any of my work I will compare both of them by taking these logic of cricket Warner and Watson's so which is my ordinance so many people  You are connected to me, about 200 people are connected to me, there is one real thing with you people, whether your job is a batsman or a bowler.  Is it a batsman? If you think the job is a batsman, then write daughter, then I will tell you. Or if it is a bowler, then pure Lucknow, what is the job? Match winner is worth dollars, whom will I tell? If you understand, then the job is people are writing it is a bowler, okay, okay, okay, you keep telling quickly.  Have a choice, the job can also be in between. According to you people, is it batting or is it a bowler? And the pattern is there, said WhatsApp message is ok, so I want to see that, I have given the complete process.  You people didn't think that you are posting very quickly, Yasmin is also visible to the public, something is fine, but salt is sitting more in front, bowler is sitting dollar, dollar is sitting, bowler is writing more, bowler is writing more, okay, it is okay, no job, sitting, asking from Bolero.  I am and DSP has written ok batsman most of the people and replying said ok fuel people have replied sitting him pattern less people have said job three out of four have said and one out of four has said sitting  Describe the that is this so job e in one meeting dollar channel azhar people printer we feet are going on that okay so we will not go in that okay so job is function and own work understand from this bowler campaign put a lot of mind  I took out the original and if I enjoy then I have to write family and if I understand something good then I have to write P in between. Okay, if we can do this then we will come to know. Look, even ultimately, give me a job in spades, give me something and this.  She is the mother of life. If you too are in a young mood after working for 15-20 years, you are a very average person and you have to open your eyes. You don't have clarity about your life. Playlist for pimples to grow in the future, because the quantity, it takes six jobs.  Be very miserable in the beginning, there is enthusiasm of youth, entry should be started then diet job, meanwhile England's batsman job was obscene that the job was given to it in school, operating systems, trees, their work.  Woosley monk gives oo distic but how is that bowling, all job is job owner, he comes to bowl, so uncertainty is there in the mind of the bowler, in the mind of the bat, will bowl full toss come, will your sponsor come, will come option, will come inswing, will come which border will come, he knows that He may put Darling in but for the batsman everything is such that you don't know what will come, just waiting, this is the life of the employed person.  After getting up in the morning, the boss will scold you, there will be a traffic jam, you will have to go through, Ginger knows that you may not be able to work, you can only decide the time of his arrival, that and decide his work, the one who is going thinking that I will definitely do something else in the organization.  He is upset that Bose left this and did this and got involved in it, so he has to do what was his, so the volume did not reach the maximum as to which ball will come, which is the statement of his. He is always employed, doesn't he? People with raw jobs, especially don't know on which ball he gets out, can hit any valve, owner of students, Maths 1st night, everybody calls, that is across, now people have started getting the image of very good ticket, so yes all. Time it 55222, relax the job, forward this opportunity, employ a government servant, next to him, engage a private employee, turn off the private, engage complete silence, depression in darshan, accept the offer. Don't feel Ashraf-ul-Haq Feel proud in your job Don't be ashamed or useless on Friday You are someone's servant The way you treat your servants, the same person treats you In fact, management had said like you treat your married person.  You treat her and you lower her level. Treatment means if you tweet badly then she will leave you but as your boss grows in every art, your boss becomes more mysterious and mysterious. No, you will still not leave me because you are in a worse condition than the actual maid, you are mentally attached to the junk things, he is still leaving me, his confidence is that this snake's small will catch hold of someone else, his reach is religious, which I am fine, that is the art.  If our topic of discussion is correct, then the batsman gets a loss on every ball, now you have to understand this carefully, many of you will argue, no no, that dollar is also less than a big spoon, if a six is ​​hit on his ball.  He will say that he will not score 10 runs in another match, hey also understood S Dhoni is batting once, if he is in next9 then if the owner is of Twenty20 then there is that much stress on the border and maybe the administration is very great learning in Twenty20.  There is not much space settlement on the border, so what is its meaning, what is the poet trying to say, what is the poet trying to say, what is ever trying to say, who I am, should not be done if you want to play the game.  You play for a short time, whether you are 14 years old or 25 years old, and you only see the journey till you beat her, then the job is less stressful because she is giving you a dentist and whoever else you should do your work in this opportunity.  But in school, if you shorten the period, it will be fine for Twenty20, but if you increase the fever, then the stress would be less and in the test match, the border dress would be reduced a lot. The idea is long-term, so this is the word limit for  Long Haul 3050 Yes, then definitely give it to me, write to the admin, I will not know, if you write to the admin, then this job was 40 years ago, after this age of 15 years, after working for 15 years, food from the job after that, working after that is poison.  It starts filling, if the pause is okay then you see the border when there is a test match, isn't that doctor that you see the body language of these test match tigers, that and that which emerges like a lost case. In Twenty20, he bowled a six, hit a six here, he would have become such a tiger. Have you ever noticed that the team which makes 220 in Twenty-20, would have loved to make 220 at 34 in a test match and they would have roasted it and like this.  Meaning, they are Tigers, they were not getting the fold touch like this, sitting there on the same Lord's pitch, everything is done in a test match, if how it is made then that is the same thing, if you do your work.  If you do, then you are a long-term tiger. You look at Boloro Anderson of the Test match. People say that the boundaries increase quickly. The match of life is Prasad. This is software. But if you look at Anderson of the Test match, that unwanted innings happened in the 39th over of England.  To spoil any cricketer long-term, even to a batsman, he runs towards the test. Example: Sachin Tendulkar and he survived. They were the cutest pictures and splendours.  Twenty-20 is very stressful if you want to earn long term money. From this we learn that if we want to earn long term money then we have to go towards test matches. We have to go towards warning. The bowler is actually less stressed and if he sits, it is dangerous.  If the captain comes, he can set the parlor as per his wish, but the batsman has no choice as to how the pitch is, hey, hey, hey, what polling will he do, and say dread on me. Now you can go a little right otherwise they are in those jobs but their work is theirs. Giver choice from which end I have to bowl from which end I have to bowl. Here the wind is coming. You have to do your fielding placement as per your choice. You have a lot of choice for batsmen.  There is no choice here, there will be on-side options, all the adjustments will change every time, you have to do the button running, let the batsman set the color and choose one wallpaper on any ball. 99 If you can get up, then the work that you had done so hard for can also go away. So, if you just reached home, a bus turned out to be bad, it spoiled your hair, if you face some trouble in government or corporate, then all your hard work is gone.  What about Gular, he will get three wickets, neither will he become a hero, then the one who does his own work, has a private project, he gets 12 good projects, he gets 24 good works done in a year, only his ascendant can survive on that.  Is Well you are also right agreed to have all been made to 20 ki ban ki moon ki pole ki pole only on that and have to put something in your business, work, ask the customer, talk and stand a four, no one can talk, felt revolver  How to record or you cannot recover your toe on the next wall after hitting a six, it is okay if you hit four sixes but you will get the next one but there will be four sixes on your ball, you will have relief.  Then why is this a big thing to do and as you extend the game, this is what I talked about in Focusing Election when I covered that, as you increase the period, you get a holistic picture.  That brother, how much do I travel in a day, I need a house near my office, Singh Dhillon's link in this is covering my job, if I am on holidays, I will get a house for the fees and my job is saved for three-four years.  so how far do i have to go Looking at me 90 from the side, the hospital is nearby, social activity is fine, my children will come soon after getting down from the airport, I will run away soon to see my reports and till when I will be in the office, your job may change, people do decision-making regarding children's school.  There is a spoon of children, there can be a change, seeing the back job, white can leave the job, there can be a change, then it is like in Boxing Indian, if you make the period longer, if you make the period of life, then you will be able.  To tech is correct form to sale I want to love you to the match test match and justice is not late active you can plan from these to share in the morning you have this collar this bowling is fine you are also doing bone spin this  The caller will attack from here and then I will attack him in front and behind him. By putting pressure on others, you can move ahead in your life and month for the thing in your control, such a batsman actually has things not in his control.  Your Control It's Always You Are Different Things Depending and Attacking Attacking Effigy of Force Attending Catching or Withdrawal Coming on all chests Sometimes 11 Never will separate Looking in test match Look how the meaning of the word batsman t-20 tiger would be  Because this is a chapter, T-20 is short term, so when you look at the job in short, I got a job after I smacked it, if it was anything government, I got a job.  Well, he is a big tiger, the salary is comfortable, but look at the long-term perspective, many people say it is magic, it sounds very good, and in this, grams have to be done first, cut, copy paste someone's number on YouTube, this kind of work is taken for everything.  No, it is my original work, okay, so it is a joke because I am hearing it for the first time, Hmm, I am a red ball in life, otherwise I have to become a caller, when I am this person, he is mature with apps, everything he says is police from his mind.  He earns money. Okay, you go and tell me, if I am waiting, then you should come and give money to him several times on Sunday. Go and say thank you to him. Next time, come again next week.  This is the reason of being late in studies and in every relationship you get the feeling that I am your bed, I am not attacking your daughters, so it is possible that when I text on video, you may feel pain in your hand too.  go till  I am flying but breaking the shackles, I am coming to break the shackles. So when there is no growth of your own inside the job, you are removed, you have sold your 40-50 hours a week to someone, he sells it to someone, he controls your life, in the next webinar on power. This one who teaches above is the greatest power equation, what is power in the family, at home, in the university, in the boss, what is power, all that, tell me, a little bit of this is coming to the topic, okay now everyone D Singh what About number two money, number two money means selling your honor, what do you say, you can sell it in a different way too, people see number two money in the government but they are having pain in the heart, that is somewhere.  Neither can you go to Switzerland with that money, nor can you buy a Mercedes, you can buy a BMW, okay and for every food you can buy gold, every head has money, that money of the government's number two goes to the brother-in-law's brother-in-law and  The brother-in-law again asks when the judge retires from the government service, who is stopping you, your brother-in-law, that I don't know you, then you say that the relationship will break, or if you do 2520, then someone breaks the relationship, this is the reality of the number two of the government job and something else.  No nothing you by this are against that without back arm knee and week the good bye unique money is pressure and that money earning increases so much pending firmway I will explain  I can't explain this to you, the two number system of money of milk comment, I will explain it to you in Trading Karma Karma itself, it is a topic of logic of karma, you will understand it very well, okay, so that money is good in earning money. What is the price, okay, then you are okay in the job, then you are okay in bowling and batting, then you have given us a lot of lipstick lip in our life, what is happening in 40 years, see in which direction it is going in this year, job, we have a  Limit, don't talk to him, we will have to take it from him at any cost and now he will stop the recording and I will cover the next topic on that day, I will tell you.