Hello friends, again interesting topic, who is the most unhappy in the job? Are all the people unhappy in the job? Are they unhappy all the time? No, but there are some people who are unhappy, so we will discuss them and the other types will be discussed. It will be very interesting.  So those who are unhappy, I will call them Dukhi Kumar, this unhappy Kumari is ok, gender neutral is ok, unhappy people, who are these people, these are the 30 and only 40 people who are looking at like balance.  He is busy in his life, looking at his family, looking at his aspirations, looking at his health, meeting the targets is a great relief in his life and why is there in his life because there are other three types of employees, one is my Dukhi Kumar, I told you.  We will discuss this and will also discuss the rest because only through this we will know why they are unhappy because there are other three categories as well and they are also possibly responsible for doing these and those.  The names of the categories are these Kumar Diljale and Tata Tina. I have told three categories who are the three Kumars who have come into new jobs. They are bachelors. There is no pressure from the family. Job is everything. These are my favorites because they are available all the time. Liquor is available in the party on Friday. If the story is in a private setting and the cigarette has not yet been put in the mouth of the bus, then this letter is sent to them like this and if the meaning of bus is sycophancy then small and big and  We live in everything, we will take any flying thing like this, if the arrow is going here then we will catch the flying arrow here, it is not shown in the movies that I should do this too, I should also do this, well, these people are on low salary, so the company You can put this thing in the government system also, it is like this in government jobs also because their juice has not been extracted yet in their life, they have just emerged from the torture of their parents.  There was control, okay, and it was always a relief to hear, what does one do, when one gets a job, and one enjoys, it is a very ephoric period and there is passion in it, okay, I can tell someone. Nyan Nisha is not coming to show that don't do this, this is how it happens, this is the rule of law, this will continue to happen, these unhappy people are your kumaris, they have also passed through space, this is not that this has to be given before the parachute, it will not be like this in future. This too has passed through the space, it is the right category, I told you, Tata Tina, this is Ta Ta Tina, that is the category again, these notes come without the cost of classes, it is okay because it is a boat, but Guruji, come and tell me something from Guru Tattva Jag, this is definitely a power relation.  I'm coming from humble background that's of course bill not bill like this but give it is brother and give get n when and date when is what is brother financial  The background status will make the story better. It is possible that even that job of Rs 40 thousand, you may not be able to do it because you are from me with a very humble background, so what is there in it, suddenly your euphoria is very high, this is how you are at the level of sycophants.  If you are not going to kill them, then what was there to do, to jump, to reduce, the bus's Ta Ta Ta Tina people are not normally the favorites of the bus because  This is the fun in itself, people are getting more data days in government jobs, because those who can't get it, have gone ahead, now we have become officers of some banks, now you will see most of their shots because of them.  They have found this new found social status in the society where their ancestors or the old chain of theirs was quite dusty, so it means generation, suddenly a new phone is free which is good again I am not without judgment I  Have you these days, do n't say anything like this, anyone will be fine, I am trying to understand something deep here, don't wander around holding on to this small thing, I am telling you the deep thing, why are you sad if you are sad?  Yes, and Tata Tina people also have to be sad one day and which Kumar people also have to do because my heart has to tell me, okay so this is also a school of fun going on, for how many years it will last, we will know because it is not going to last forever and so on.  in the beginning when  They feel that Tata Tina Tata Tina is Tata Tina, they are doing this by taking bluff from this tabla, there is no one else to impress them, but after one stage, they get discussed, getting impressed by them becomes a band, jealousy is a caste.  There are a lot of things happening, now they don't get any story to show, so this power is three and three Kumars are two stages, which Kumar has started the job, what is the interest in the job, there is a lot of things, just have to please, the story is a bit quick.  I have to do that too  They also came from an oppressed background, which is the case with middle class parents in every India. By doing this, they too have come from a place of freedom and those who do not have power have also come from freedom, so they are mostly employed by rich people.  They are not coming to work, either you take another class, they are coming from normal class, they are coming from middle class, I am telling them in a very good way, so the supply is three Kumars with Tata Tina, then there was Dukhi Kumar, with Tata Tina.  They belonged to both these categories, then they became unhappy people and then who is this Dil Jail Diljale in whose personal life there is relief, it has become so toxic and has penetrated into everyone's heart that if they take a leave of two days  No one in his house tolerates it, even in his own family, if you check, Jo Diljale, his wife has her own social circle. Is Saturday or Sunday a holiday or has she ever taken a holiday in between? Darling, today I will take you, darling, she is interested in me going to her kitty party, the circle of friends is her own, the children have done something of their own, no one tolerates this person at home, that is why this heart becomes a prison in the office. If you remember, many years ago, Ajay Devgan's Amrish Puri was also there in it and the heroine was Sonali Bendre and Madhu Karke, there was another heroine, these three. I am telling you that it is the heart-burning Ajay Devgan, so this heart-burning yellow has gone inside him, or is it just that it is no longer mine, no, now I just do n't love you by typing it, no longer, till this time, this heart-burning in Kim Kumar.  And Tata will not find peace if it does not make three more sad souls heart-warming. This is the tax category. See in which category you do well because you can also be a story. You will have to call in these only because Indian... In the setting of the environment, Guruji has defined the syllabus and there is a category and it is defending on their personal situations and in life, as soon as they run out of steam because they are running on a team, then they get disillusioned.  I have come to know that there is no one from the family of my life, what is the treatment in the job, what is the wisdom, I will tell you, I am not related, I am a bill, immediately tell me, you are a, leave your work.  It is not so easy brother to reduce yours, it is very difficult to get a job, no one will do it right for you, you should be a little relaxed as to which Kumari those who beat them have to reduce, all the three Tata people have to see that no one is interested in you, you got the job in your life.  I am happy that you have become something in your life, so if there is something in your life, then you have not gained such a big opinion by doing this all the time, you are yours and what do you speak in Haryana, what do you speak, is it okay then please do, but you will win as much as you can in your life. those who are in between  You are Nyakim Kumar, now the only thing that will make them heart-warming is the oil debt bus and towards this, now to bring reforms in the society, there will be a lot of legality, parliament and such Dr and others too, maybe for that I am a son. Launching a new channel is also a must for me, will you all support me for that, because there will be a little more content in it, still I will say that I have to add a little sugar and say, you will be relieved.  After doing this to you till this much, my sugar has been reduced to this much, so I want to remove sugar voting too, there are many things, this problem is very big in India and it is very easy to say that the job is useless, leave the job, the color of the job will have to be corrected. Lot of people in India waste Indian oil because they spoil Indian environment. Darling, they are there too because they work like donkeys. It is okay to go there too but you tell me this specially.  Those who are NRIs themselves might be doing this themselves, is this a correct observation or not? Please, I want a feedback from people on the list, I have a lot of audience outside as well, you can write in the comment area that this is our habit, is n't it?  Take everything in our life and destroy it because that phone, it is just that, it has come around your bed, it has entered your room, it has entered your bedroom, not in the house, not in your personal life. Right here and anytime, just turn on you anytime, Diljale, if he is there, he will not have any child, Diljale, he has no sex life, no family life, no social life, no emotional life, he is already half here, now he is ad  If it is done, then he will not let you eat peda. Okay, until you join his category, he will not have peace and he gets great pleasure and this is what I am saying, not all are like this, off course story too, all are the same. not like  But 70-80 percent of it is across food issues. You people are facing it. If you are not facing it then it is in government jobs also. In government jobs, people say, 'Who will get out in the government? Yes, it is the same problem, many times it is not solved but I will live in the real world, there too people are facing problems in living, so let us color it, first of all, what is the problem if we, the society, you people who are my audience, will start discussing all this. Post the video on your office group and tell them to look at me with hatred, I don't know what he is talking about, whether it is true or false. Many people are afraid that if they post my video, it means that they will talk about me. And they will understand this and this is theirs, there is victory in front of this fear, I will take them under such a sky where there is no strength for them to be beaten, to be heartbroken, nor for the sad souls, I am sad, there is no one, there is nothing different.  yes Come to do job with good manners, what happens so many times, I will also teach you how to get a job with respect while keeping an attitude of your own, I will bill you, if you see any group without info, subscribe to me and you can join it too.  Is it not this shop because people are on short term games people are not interesting yes you can come in the brand please be an offer being an job employee being an government  The employee does not know it well and you will not do these four things, why this side, why this side, then I want to tell this thing, I want to understand, I want to liberate people, I hope you people will support me in this, in the last before finishing this fencing. Issues toh hum private consultation vertical aaye ho open ok hai azaan on enterpren i have a vertical in me company ware and way guide and hand haul people and exports bill b doing that  Have 20 + years of experience in this job, they hand you the bill, they guide you, because people are not able to understand it, change the job, leave the job, it is a big thing, take consultation from someone, brother, these consultants are only for the public, nowadays companies have to  To give knowledge, no knowledge is being given at individual level, that too is necessary. Issues like leaving the job, Toxic issues, Wear pressure, Don't know how to do the job, mind has become cluttered.  And off course in these true things you are mother father's note help you because they are from different time generation their time pay was different their money was son do it this is what happens in job son do it they don't actually know what precious a They will say the same thing, because it was like this in their time, we had to get a job, we do a job once, I marry once, we love once, they were happy, now there are many marriages too.  There are many jobs, love also happens many times, okay, so the times have changed in all these things, Woh Dil To Pagal Hai is no more from 1997 's Hum To Baar Kar Do, Shahrukh had told that all those things  nonsense ok life has changed we are in 2023 news generation is yours if you want hand holding and consultation please whatsapp consultation cc corporate consultation it can be  Government Consideration Also CC And Vativer Naukri Consultation You Can Say Right NC Is I Think Ok Other Kid Of Naukri You Have NC You Can Right Tu De Whatsapp Number So If You Must Have Then Your Hand Holding Will Be Done Thank You Very Match