Hello friends, one question that is asked to me a lot is that should the children be sent to the country immediately? Should the higher education in search of education be thrown out of India in search of a job? So before that we have to see why the question is being asked.  Why do children want to go and Tiffin that even if you are a Tiffin or four percent child in India, there is no guarantee that you will get admission in top colleges, your brilliance level is very high for you. Get Qualified * Very Good Colleges Equivalent of ITI AIIMS Outside, you need a lot of money to go to colleges like these. What is the psychology of a child in going to Quentin's Batter? The child says that before the parents, test me that he you Why doesn't anything get done isn't it? He is affecting his counter. Today, child, you send me out, it will be good for me and how much good it will be, what good it should be.  Inspector we will discuss in this video like in everything in life is nothing in like pure nothing in the white light cigarette then high spirits and you should understand the first thing if you have two children then you should understand this thing only pay a lot of attention to  If you have two children and you have sent the first one abroad, hundred percent you will have to send the second one also, that too will go to the elder one. If you have sent the younger one for a post-graduation job, then  He will say, let me do my graduation from there also, this is the last one, if there are 1000 difficult children during clear, then the other one will also go, so he will also be mentally prepared, whether it is a small boy or a girl, stop late by saying this, by doing this he has to go.  So whenever you have to apply the formula of opposition to money, then divide it into two. If you have two children, one thing, then it is okay for you to take care of this thing, two things, keep quiet and give up.  There are those children and those who are not ready to do it tomorrow, who do not enjoy it, who say that by 2025, I am going to get a job of ₹ 3000 here or there and they go on the basis that some friend of their peer group is going. Canada is a hot favorite, it is getting damaged, it is fine these days, Australia was fine for a few days ago, this will be a very unique thing for you, a little different emphasis has to be applied for it, but many children are going to Canada and all.  Surya Re Aaja Aaja Tu Bhi Aaja Tu Bhi Aaja Type Love Stories Are Coming A Lot No Why I Want To Tell People Don't Thing If Your Child Is Going Out Is It A Good Thing Or A Bad Thing Before Discussing It Let Me Say Its Meeting  According to me, you are there somewhere, but you are not a thing. The country is going to be brain drained. The weight of the country's talent pool is going away. 2021 is the century of India. 60 years and it is coming to an end, brother. India's century is about to start, going out at this time after 5 years will seem very foolish, today's date is 5 years, the matter is fine, I will tell you how it went, second, whenever you create insecurity in the child, what will it do to you?  And you don't fly, what will happen to you and when he looks at your face, he wants to run away from there, he goes to Canada, becomes a Czech truck driver and pounces on the chairs, work there, only Czechs do whatever they want.  He should pay minimum wage, keep your hands away, feet away, there is a dialogue at a distance, which is in the local proverb, you can't say anything, now yes, he can have a relationship, call anyone as he wants, even at times, parents support the child so much. That he feels like going, that if you tell me till date, I have never seen the child of a rich person, meaning decent, good money, getting settled immediately, he definitely goes to study, okay, he will study there in the university, but  When they come back, no one lives there, okay, why do Mukesh Ambani ji's children live there? It's okay in Mumbai, it all gets filled with water, all these people do not remain the same, they can go anywhere and live anywhere, but they do not remain permanent.  If you go for a trip but don't stay then one thing you should remember is that if you want your children not to go then you will have to use springs on your part and say that son is dad, daughter is dad, this is our country, here's how to reach a stage.  where  People Can Start Working For You Broom Mop Utensils Housework Tourist Fast Yonhap Up Very Hard With A Little Effort You Very Easy Reset Stage Purchasing Power Parity Explain to your children not to talk in Apps Loot Numbers or you have to put that Purchasing  The price of a power supply unit is Rs 100 in India, how much is it in America? India is the third economy in the world in terms of purchasing power supply, so the value of money is  Let me tell you, what can you do with the price of Rs 50,000 here? If the house is yours, you have a car, if you don't have to pay for its maintenance, then she goes around talking about sending you to study outside, that study is not at that level while living in India.  This will be possible because outside education is done as per the laws and awareness labels of outside that yes, hunger should be created, this law should be followed, bribery is a mess, corruption is a mess, taxes are so clean. So when that child comes and studies there, now it is wrong to call him back, it is unfair for him, develop, start learning the tricks of the trade of this country, you don't even know how to catch the bus, how to run the train.  Have to get down and also will have to eat comfortably. That's the level of cleanliness that one can drink water from any tap. Drink water from any bead in India. It takes many years to travel while traveling.  If you want to see if someone has sent you, then you have sent the choice. In the horoscope, there is a bad house in the twelfth house. It is known from the house twice that the child will be settled in a foreign country and will be settled happily. If not, then it will be known from it.  If you have a little astrological consultation, then you can take it, it happens to many people that their luck is not rising here and brother, giving all the chances of winning is also the worst thing but ultimately see, if you go out and  You have to do your own work like sweeping, mopping, utensils and cooking all by yourself. In Canada, they bring their own beds as well. The nuts and bolts are not special. If you buy a double bed in India, you have to buy it yourself.  You have to bring it yourself, there you have to bring it in your own car, you have to take it down yourself, you have to put it on yourself, like in India, someone said a minute and went away, it was a small example, like this, there is a big struggle in life, okay Your bread will not be made on the pan.  Packed roti will come, WhatsApp wooden program, I am telling you with 1 hour examples, Do not bring to front for anything for tampering, Teller juice, what happiness will you get in the week, Do you want to run away from this struggle here just because you are facing a lot of problems here?  There was a hope of becoming something great, this is what people want to become, fine settlement has to be done, my settlement should be done in one go, I can tell you as much as possible by clicking on marriage market.  As for the girls, what else does calling shots do? Yes, your boy is not able to find the answer to this question, you are lucky because you will not say, it works, it also does not make it small, we need security, we need this, so this is also the video above.  You will become the one who wants to be married on time. This marriage market is deciding there career is always win. Okay, so the one who is male and female, who is at the level of lion, who is at the level of Shirdi and who is Nirmal.  The same calculation that is done on Kingdom is also done in this Aap Remix, I feel a little shy in telling it, I feel a little shy in discussing it, I feel a little shy in speaking and discussing, I will awaken my Guru element and leave out those real things as well, okay, I will definitely tell because I  I tell things and disc, the maximum satisfaction that I take from my channel is that whatever I say on topics on topics, you can judge whether it is good or bad but then very effective topics.  But what brot is fine and you can discuss in a family group that this thing is said, let's see what is there in it, then parents will have to give a lot of involvement, if raw, many parents speak like this, go Simran ji, take your life, we have nothing to do with it, crying.  Don't think that in old age, when you are sending the child out in life, the child's age is 20 years and your age is 45, 50 years, 4550, then it seems that you should go somewhere quickly so that he can stay there. After your childhood, it will be the time of 85 to 90, it will be very difficult, there will be pain in the bones in old age, you will go to those cold countries once or twice, the name is there will be no food left, the child will deteriorate and after 12 years of play, Will call you, your daughter and your daughter-in-law will come to Japa I hope you understand what is Papa Pizza period of forty days after delivery if child BJP will go through then their service would have been  Is it the Indian name of North Indian or I don't know about South India? I do n't know much about it. In North Indian culture it is known by different names. During this period you will be called and exit will be taken. 40 days for one child and 40 days for two children. Both of them are normal in that they are doing it on the same day and in that also there will be no mother's demand, father's demand will be religious appropriation, father is absolutely a pet, what contribution can he go and make on time.  Who are you going to take these and the most important thing in it is that I have read books by doing roots, neither when a person grows old nor he calls his roots, that body like shape, Uddho, the bride of the heart will take us, not that he remains forever.  As much as these people love their country, they can shed blood, they miss it more, okay, they remind me of my print, my print of my songs, I also remember something like this, Tenu, by typing, neither.  This person remains happy in the factory where he has grown up and where he works as an associate. You have to see that when an IS is made and not a child, he is doing his studies in Mukherjee Nagar, Delhi. It is fine and he has to go to Mussoorie for training in it.  If you live somewhere in Chhattisgarh or Bihar, you will get the cord and you will get it late. If you live somewhere in Jammu and Kashmir, Rajasthan, then you will go to your district only to get the clipping done. Only you will get happiness and garlands will be offered to you. Raghu Dixit People and Define Your Progress  That man, if he were to become our son, he would reply that he would not go out and do something as per his wish, of course he would become Lakshmi Mittal, but even if Lakshmi Mittal had been in India, he would have felt like a hot dada here. I believe that it is okay that he  If we follow the level, then remission will be achieved. An initial will also be passed. Want to be a part of your success. We have these senses of development, but the taste of even the thick and thin is like that of food, living, marriage and after going there, then go to a foreigner.  You are married to someone, look, do everything to do but they say spoiling the food, what good is that too, you write it down, it is okay, it becomes such a system that you don't even realize what is happening, okay and the parents.  He does n't understand at all that for his short term where he could say a father, son or daughter is your father, he will do something here, what is kept there, there is a joke on this one, that Rajendra is Rajendra ji, that hand.  Sometimes comedians tell stories from their capacity.  He says about his friend that two of his friends, a friend's son has reached America or some other country and gives him Rs 1.5 lakh per month. Okay, and his father is telling his story that his dead son has made progress in his career.  Pooja is telling other friends to the same friend that my family has got a diploma from ITI in Ghaziabad and earns ₹ 40, but every day we sit together and he puts the first jaggery nugget to me like this, it is okay that father, you are very big.  If we are enjoying the taste of life then in whose life do we feel that we will send the child out, neither was our sacrifice but it is for his welfare, this is what is called period sacrifice, understandable but the branch of the child, the child is also happy, this is the expectation, this is the front which  We are the surrounding people, we give importance to that we live in one place, that there is acid with it, that you will get pulses, vegetable chutney, you will come, you will be able to eat roti, it is ours, they come, right?  It is our body that becomes strong after eating one meal. By changing it completely, man must be forced to go. I am not saying this but who is he, he could not do anything by doing this, he was a losing gambler. Come on, here we go.  If there is a crack in the horoscope that they are here or not, they will go away from their birth place, it is the back side, then I will not go into it, it is too much, I know that many people do not believe in all these things, so I will Not Destroy You Should I Don't Drink and Lord of Astrological Content If you want me to look content Astrological then please write in the comment section I will touch appointment and tell children that you are running around with your friends, this is not right.  And the parents also have to introspect that brother, you will keep chasing the child, you don't do anything, he won't run away, he will also feel like going, that money too.  Will get it installed and outside, I will say one thing that at the age of 18 to 21 years, do not send him to the country for graduation, never send him to the country immediately because if you sell him to a place for graduation, then the mindset of the child is not developed that much, even at the age of 21 years.  Only tender age remains and on top of that, the status of education in foreign countries is that our children struggle in going to graduation.  If you want to send your child then either you send him at post graduation level or at job level and you take the help of scholarship and there also the nature of the child should be known to you that if you are of any kind, then the chances of you  Know what things are going wrong at this point, it is not late, this is very less, your child is decent, but he has fallen into this company, who are the people there, these people have attracted him.  If you have such issues, then I would not suggest you to do this, but if you have a relative at some place and yes, there is opportunity, this is your base, then the second thing is that if the situation arises that you have to send, then my suggestion is  This is one of the periods, the entire company's back side will be done by people now and this is not a big expense, it is not a big expense, practically if you have an expense of lakhs of rupees then that question will definitely come and will go to the house because it will be a message on the shed.  Will the rest of the departments go our own or will someone else go between the father and mother? If they go then they will provide some support and the decision-making will be very good, is n't it? It will be so much fun if the whole family goes to this sugar, then the decision making will remain in it.  You get to see some takeaways in this video, you get to see some speed, I will not be worshiped with you and black key should not be sent, will not be famous pure white key, leave it India send heavy  I am hot, it is not so, I must apply the formula of purchasing party, how much does a water bottle cost, how much does a broom and book cost, how much is the rent of a grand, how much is food, and the biggest thing is medical, there is root canal treatment in many of my known friends circle. To do this, people come to India and stay and go, but if you ask us then they say that the ticket to come here and meet the people at home is also cheaper and the price is as high as I read there.  say  The waiting list is also a very complicated wound, the medical treatment of that is also not very fun, anything of the string is absolutely fine now, everything is fine, okay, use it intelligently, discuss in the family, throw your options, pick it up like this and pick it up on someone's advice, Canada's Don't send it to the university, this is my advice, very very careful what you are doing, research and the India was not bad, to say the least, a country like the statement of India.  Which is at the inflection point, how much can be done by investing money here, this opportunity will not be available again. According to me, whoever leaves India and goes to 100 Greener Pastures Right Side will find that this was more in his plate than these five. Set 100 this year, according to me.  Say Hamir, stay here, now again Dhoni, go for a tour, who has stopped you, going to Switzerland to stay for some year, go to America for some year, travel around the world and every time there is work there.  After doing business and earning money, why not if you are going on a trip for 15 days, then you should get ten times the expenses of living separately, there are some such things, some such things can be done, some such things are okay, whatever things are outside  If you can do such things by typing, then stay connected, subscribe to the channel, how to put the video, thank you.