Hello friends, a product has arrived in Gurgaon. Almost in a few days, there will be a lot of discussion about it in newspapers and social media. You will come to know that this product likes a lot of tips, box oil is caustic - correction is top brand, location is very good.  The payment is very good, the class rooms are very good, the minutes are very good, this is very good, everything is so good and one hidden technology is coming in the world for the first time in real state, so which many people were waiting for for a long time. A good thing was needed, in big R made, good payment plan, good brand, good correction minutes, the proof of this was the man who used to speak in the Farmaaishi program of All India Radio and also gave the example of that, I used to say that no boy can be found who is very good.  Handsome man, job is also good, family is also good, I do n't even have a tablet and take care of the baby with great love and it is based on percentage as there is a lot of requirement in a male marriage like it was for girls, I don't wash it in one go.  When we met him, he used to talk about the girl as well - she has dimples, she does a job, she is beautiful, she knows how to cook, she will cook everything with ease, she will also keep it, many such requests would be made in the programs, there would be a playlist of songs based on the songs and I.  I always used to say jokingly that such gonds would be found in one among seven-eight girls. If I found one in the real estate parlor, this product is such that the qualities which were found in a man in 45 are found in one in 45. So this  I will promote it well in the next 10 to 12 days, teach it to people, explain it to them, even though I have taken a disclaimer in it, it is so good if some boy or girl likes it and they have been waiting for so many days, that is why  If there will be a relationship, do you want to have a relationship? Okay, I am interested in this property from within the relationship. I have done a radio for 1 hour, so in this video I am not able to understand, I have explained it for 1 hour.  It has been recorded and you would like to see it if you are interested. I have given 05 reasons for buying this product. Children who are interested in it can ask questions like Srijan and those who are interested in it, they can also be cleared from the questions. So, whoever is interested in it can see it.  You will have to connect me on WhatsApp and ask me for that project review. You will have to type PR on WhatsApp. PR means project review, then I will understand that you want a review of this project and I will do it.  People have taken it, are taking it, want to take it, if they follow it then I will do live reporting of it. Live reporting also means how much goods were sold today, how much was wasted tomorrow, what is happening inside it, it means interest is coming now that development is taking place.  It is happening as you will vote for the story, even if not only you, it will be the first time that you people will get to know about a project or a product in so many days that till date I have not been able to vote for any product because my brother was not available anywhere.  something was this somewhere was that somewhere  There were good products like this but for the first time I want to do it in such a way that it will keep the entertainment value for you, it will keep the entertainment value for you and you will leave one line with good insider information about what is happening so whoever is interested.  To see the review, I will send it to you, you have to write me a PR in WhatsApp. AC is a two tier product, one of which is Cement Lax till the last 12122 days and one in which I have a complaint.  And Karmacha that many people have to support you, whatever stops you in the comment section, you are told that you are great in it and rate, till date only I have come to know that why is it not just told as full*, brother, the power of start is the master.  The back of this note is absolutely white, this is the total, how much GST is there in it, DDC, this much IDC, this much laughter, showing so much alarm, the total will cost you this much, because I don't understand what is there in it, that guy, after five-ten minutes, half an hour.  address after  If it will work, then when you can put an ad, you tell this which I also tell, which I told in this, behind only no separate, what is the click rate of that, if you put it and put arrests on it, then it means the customer means always the mind, no one knows that Prince.  It will happen but tell me this once, especially what happens is that not earning more than Rs 2 or 4 lakh switches off from the mind because if you try to understand it, then first of all, whatever videos you are watching, you will not be able to understand anything about the property.  someone in  Also tell me any call, first of all ask your question below, tell me how much is the fashion complete, first tell me five, tell me how many is complete, tell me tasty, know one avatar, you have nothing to do with this thing, first of all, point 100, so these are the first four things.  What is how much is the house worth, meaning total, do not give more than ₹ 1, it can be less, so whenever you approach a property, please and the purpose is very good feedback, because people say that you are teaching and telling like this.  We react to people's  At the same time, we get a reaction, it is fun, it is also entertainment in the dream and edited. I feel very good that I am defining a syllabus and teaching it to people. People are successfully applying the knowledge in real life.  It cannot be applied in, it has no meaning, it is the one who teaches, how did you like the time of the best learner, sharing the video with them, subscribing to the channel, liking, thank you have a