Hello friends, the video is of 5-7 minutes, you must watch it till the end, you will learn a lot, a new project was launched last night itself, it was around 10:00 pm, the project of the plot was of a top developer, the shop was closed and sold by 1:00 pm.  There is a lot of confusion in the minds of many who keep thinking and there is a lot of learning from this project. It should come at an increased rate of 20 to 25 percent minimum. If not more, it can be more depending on the market.  Conditions But today, if you have been successful in applying in this, you have applied at the right time, whatever the system is, then congratulations to you all, now I will cover this product for those people who are now taking admission in the colleges in this.  I have taken it but other people also have to be included in it so that they get a lesson as to how decision making is done and many boxes are ticked inside it, that is, many things are ticked, those who understand the thing have to take action on it, you are the lucky one among them.  Are you not staying?  You should know that from my side, I have tried my best to connect with the maximum number of my subscriber base and explain it. Many people will say like this, Hey, what project are you talking about, then you are a backbencher student, yes, you will have to come forward from the backbenchers, you are fine. Then you are not in the market, it is on fire, things are progressing properly, the transaction is clean up, the new trend that has come is the conversation we had with builders and top developers. Small towns should also be approached. Brands are stunned. If any brand goes to a small town like that, you will see more footballs there. Is it Man Lo Domino or is there any PVR open or is there pizza or what kind of food do you know? Name  Things happen in China because there are a lot of aspirations there too, many people have also received compensation for the roads etc. which were built and the compensation is paid through check and comes into the account, so the aspirations are increasing.  The brand is there and when maximum crowd comes then it is because the developer of this project has left a lot on the table like if an EPU comes in any city then there is valuation in it wherever investors come.  I am telling you in Sher's Parliament that the promoter leaves something on the table and it gets oversubscribed because it is from those people who understand the valuation.  They understand what is right, those who are not accepting, why are many people not accepting, like now if you are in a shop in Sarojini Nagar, then if you tell them that drain is so expensive then they will not understand in Sarojini Nagar.  The clothes that are sold are the ecosystem, there is a system there, they will not understand many things, but those who do understand, sometimes what happens is not the institutional investor from outside immediately.  They invest money in India. India collects it from our domestic investors. It is understood that the domestic investors are now a bit dirty in my opinion after so many years, otherwise the maximum money is earned by outsiders in India. If we look at the total money in the stock market, then  Indians earned less, outsiders earned more, they have more understanding of things, that's why we take people and when our understanding is increasing now, then yes, we will make money in stock market, this thing is my request.  Stay connected with people, attend and understand the things because as they say to understand, like sister, it doesn't cost money to watch, so if they don't seem to judge the things to understand, then you have to connect, this project has become a super hit like  It is said that the opening has already started like a superhit means like Full House show Dal de means you say this brother 375 plots 2 crore 500 crore [music] If filing is done in the stock market also then it will be visible in this month.  Till the end it will be visible in the price of the company, so those who are left there, it is fine in the price of the company, so it is for educational purpose, it is fine, I am not A to B registered person, I am giving you some advice to do something, I enjoyed it.  And those who liked it, felt happy because it is an achievement. Those who liked it, I got admission in school, I got admission in college. Brother, now let's see which plot will be taken in the subject. But they entered the college, they entered the good college, entered Shri Ram College, entered the Hindu college, the bank is fine and all the people are good, I am telling you one more thing, there is a lot of wrong in it, I will tell it later to the people.  There is no one to transfer lakhs from the account, there is some flexibility of 24 hours, take a look at your bank accounts friend, that means ₹ 50000 which is limited, I thought in many banks, it means in some banks, but I thought 1 lakh is something, in my opinion, to me.  I was not going because I do not do many transactions like this, they have to be done in advance, so there are many such banks which do not allow more than ₹ 25000, in such cases people are lost out because of this, so I would say that if in such a bank Brother, you should have accounts in two banks so that if you meet at two places then you do it, you want to take it, you understand, everything looks good and then whatever you do, it becomes fishy there.  Meaning, wife should have an account, one should be yours, at least it is possible for both of them to meet, at least it means that if it is there then it is because sometimes in life, this is something to buy. Plot, plot, this is ok but anyway, sometime in life, there is an emergency.  It is possible, friend, you should be so smart, that is, look once at the limits of your account, is the system level correct, otherwise, when the opportunity comes, it goes away and on what basis, the note transfer in my account is ₹ 1 lakh. means this  Small and if the effect can't transfer I don't have a second account d wife's account which is it is not having it banking meaning in such a situation so now I mean it's like okay so a little bit address this thing also you and it was it  It was very fast, the way the phone was launched and the punch means that your affordable housing does not become so fast as it is. Now if you don't call it fast then who will you call it brother? 5:30  A stool worth 100 crores did not take 5:30 hours. What do you say? Tell me whether there is a market or not. Write in the comment section what do you think. It is okay because many people live there, I do n't know whether it is expensive or not, it is very expensive because earlier the rate seemed very high.  It will come high but not as high as it was thought, according to me it will be taken in 8-10 months at the rate which was earlier being said, many people will get confused as to what is this?  You will have to take admission inside it, okay to join, then below IIT means the one who is associated with me, I did not leave him, from my side he kept sleeping or will keep sleeping, if he did not come or remained busy then it is a different matter but.  Have come I think almost every big last 10 12 loss and thank you very much