Hello friends, you must have seen a news which is being spread on different social media and forward all over India, first starting from Maharashtra that input prices have increased a lot and will increase in price, so how much truth is there in this news? How much will we increase and who will we grease by holding their tails, Birthday is not worked, it means discussing this thing that is in Excel and we are telling this in North India too, then you have to see that reality is always grey, okay so it is in this  You are already ready, I am also close by putting force majeure clause, it is the people's wish to read that if you find out what is given then it is okay, that is not going to happen, that is a different thing, but this is a way if you want to have a cup of tea with psychologists.  It is okay with the truth, if you have a voice, then these people are holding the tail of a fact and from that, the whole village depot is going to stay connected with me, leave the money to the mothers, go with the poet like this, otherwise I do n't know what is this among them, to the builders.  Am I demeaning? Am I batting like a customer? Am I not old? Okay, the camera is absolutely fine. Whenever costing is done, I understand it carefully. I take care of all these things. If there is a problem, understand that.  When I launched this tower, I looked at today's rebar cement rebar rate and made it a flat that I would get my 20 cents in 2 minutes, in six months by doing so much, this  If we go with margin, then the one doing Yagya Saini, but if Bhai Saheb thinks that cumin has been done for 2 years, one and a half years, this one has gone to him, now this one has also been launched, this one has also been launched, this one will cry who has put his bar on time and got the cheap rate.  When I wanted one for ₹ 15, now one for ₹ 10 is fine, but the one who remained sleeping, now the builder agreement has been signed here, I did the work at this rate, otherwise all these builders in Gurgaon. And Noida Sector 8 9 10 Picture: The work is going on at a good pace. The people who broke the world records are fine and will give the population in September and October. The work is going on at such a fast pace because of the two ways in which a builder can earn money, one is to work decently and on time.  Do it and then the rate increases to such an extent that the fresh launch is offered at such a price that it can sell its remaining inventory, remaining metric and current price, or else it will delay.  He has already sold the goods, so he is not going to delay and bring down the price, just like you see Amol's milk, he has not made any effort. Now your steel is these anti-long contracts. What is the biggest problem with all these? Can they?  Your Vote for Forsy Rates Increasing Very Drafting Its Supply Chain Becomes Disrupted It's Not Something About That It's Not Being Able to Make It Don't Have to Be Which Internationally Ukraine  And there was crazy movement from the security side, the world was peeping, whatever program was happening itself was being disturbed and there was a cutting effect, then if my contracts and long-term contracts were not going online, the Chinese would come and the logistics would be in between.  If the application becomes hot then things will increase and the builder has no choice in that, so I sit down and it will be on the hands of the government or if the rates are increased then it will be on the big builders.  Stay firm, don't go on these small issues, it's okay because brother, they will throw up their hands, okay, they have a lot, stay fixed, my children are not children, so why should I make something, okay, it's very small, now people will say that there is affordable housing in this too.  But what is the effect of this on affordable housing, you have to see that the goods and spices do not seem that much. If you look at such projects, no, you must definitely do it in this. Luck does not celebrate the best, it does not come down, the matter is all concrete and limited, as much as it seems, it seems too much to them. Right, they make swimming pools, they make club houses, they make them with minimal shelling, they are of commercial nature but in this too, don't be very careful that the builders whom you do n't know very much, I am fine, I can avoid them. So this rate is sure to increase, whatever the input cost, what are the builders doing right now? Many launches which were supposed to happen in March and April got pushed forward to May once this Ukraine crisis happened.  After it becomes hot, this rate should be settled like this and you will also have to calculate the further pricing. The matter is going so fast that the builder is not ready to sit down and put any rate for his item that I will not be able to fix the rate in May-June.  I will charge it and the rough rates that we are hearing about what it will cost are very different from today's rates, that is why there is a campaign to educate that brother, listen to the rate, it is available at this rate.  thing so don't speak again, that rate was not mentioned, now people will say that it is not a spider, it is justified, that is the golden question, express wife, this place is plus, I will decide, what is mine in it is also a co-stop construction, the rate of cylinder in the property is very high.  And they are not responding to the flats in the finished goods, they are differentiating the line rates and lending rates, then if you do a combination of these two things then you will be released.  Will anyone's costing be minimum, it should not be this much, now depending on the location and brand, it deserves a premium, then you have to make your decision by doing all the parts validation like this. Hope you understand this water I want to take please right acid.  You understood, if you understood then you would have typed the add and when you thought, oh what have you forgotten, which regional question do you have? Please do it for me in the morning so that I can get honest feedback like this. Creator, if there are many people who will write MJ, Mammo, when that means they have not understood something, and less people will write like this, which means that they have understood, then if I try to explain it in some other way, thank you very much.