Hello friends, Nikhil Kamat ji had to come into real estate not again for the first time, it is a victory type because many people sent me and said and Guruji finally here also but I want to give a good clarity on this and tell.  I have also posted my previous video, I had posted Akshat ji's video. It is not meant for trolling too much, it is meant only for giving clarity but it is ok to tell it, see even the politicians say something as soon as they say something.  If you bring whatever is your belief system or thought or finding to the public, then through this video I want to tell that if you are the common public then these rich people who are so rich.  Do n't follow these things of his. There is no need to follow Nikhil Kamat ji because he is so rich, he could buy a house anytime. Those who have been following him for the last five-six years, which were at such juicy valuations, are real. He has missed out in estate 201920 21 22, now will Nikhil Kamat ji come and say sorry for him, won't do, won't do. One of his viral podcasts is going on and its clips are going on. The podcast is very big, I watched the whole podcast because of real estate.  Pay was and the big players of real estate were those of Bangalore and it was I would say the questions asked by Nikhil Kamat ji I would say they were  Very good, the answers are also decent but there are two places where even the answerers fail. When I answer that question, I will tell you the question of Nikhil Kamat ji. What did you ask and those who could not answer properly, who created real estate themselves?  Those who are very big builders sell it themselves, they could not answer but I will answer, ok so it will be interesting, before that let us consider this thing as clear cut that Nikhil Kamat ji, Akshay Srivastava ji, anyone of this kind, now only one is left for me, only one is left in that, okay, Akshay Srivastava ji has gone to Dubai, okay, what I had said two years ago that he would go to Goa.  Nikhil Kamaj ji will leave, he has bought a house, it has become two, only one third thing is left, Acharya Prashant ji's marriage is fine, the day it happened, now how will his subscribers feel, because he can come any day, anytime.  can  Bik Acharya Prashant ji is a very magnetic personality, he runs an organization, that kind of jugaad means it will be good, it means there is no poverty at all, any woman can come and marry him at any time, but those who have gone into awakening the intellect, wisdom and consciousness and now their  If there is no marriage, what will they do? Guru ji has got married, Acharya ji will come and say that now I have found the one who will take me up, will take my consciousness up, will take me like this, then you are left, then you search.  If you are mine, then why do you follow them when these things can change at any time? It is possible that Aachar ji may never marry. It may also be that some M of mine do not have the intention of putting anyone down. M is this.  That brother, be practical to follow, you are not that person, and first of all, what is it like if I follow me if I say something to listen to, then I do not tell who I am, I just say that I am a duha, I am  hoon don don  I sing the song of ' Why are you following me only then, what is the need to tell useless things, I have some services, some knowledge, some are free, some are from India, heard, saw, enjoyed, bye bye Tata, don't follow this people blind because'  You will get into a lot of problems because nothing will happen to them, Nikhil Kamat ji has reached this stage, he should buy half of the township somewhere, he is in the billionaire segment.  Let's come, Zerodha is the owner, he has a lot of net worth, he can get married anytime, he also says against marriage, no, I am not getting married, I will not have kids, I will not have kids, I had made a video on that also, it was quite a hit because even. If he wants to have a kid at 65 years of age he will be able to have Baba you will not be able to do because that Coming to the question of desirability and money, a rich man can do anything, he can do anything at any time, you, middle class, lower middle class, poor people, you cannot do it, it is your windows, your question paper is taken, the rich man's question paper.  He decides when to write, how much to write, what to write openly, how to do it, his paper is not snatched away. Otherwise, he used to look at middle class exams like when the teacher gives the paper. This is how Pence Down will take your life in three hours. So, they have also taken real estate. You people should also take it. They had asked a question to these people that 3040 years ago, children were born in real estate only. But the female fertility rate has reduced to 2.1. If we were talking about the fertility rate, then in the big cities the fertility rate is going to reduce further. Then it is said that this is the real estate issue.  If you think that the requirement will remain then the answerers were saying that no, it will remain for 10 years, it will remain decadal, it will remain the same after 50 years, it will remain for 50 years because the population will de-growth in India. The fact is that the business of brokerage is run.  Let's do this, it can change in two years, it can change in two minutes, regulatory can bring anything and he himself said that And this is stress in itself but only doing that business is true, what ever he wants is banking license also but he is not getting that because everyone wants to diversify, why do people go into real estate, all these startup people and stock market people are in Delhi. Houses are sold for 100, 150, 200, 300 crores. Flats are sold in Mumbai for 100, 50 crores. Who are all these people?  Let's take why do n't they live in all their shares? They are already there in the shares. So that was the question. Then he talked about urbanization that urbanization is still 33 but it is some, further it will increase to 60 but in the coming times, many people will come to the city. What was the point that was missed out and that is a very big trend visible to me and you guys have to tell whether this trend is visible or not which is Bangalore Pune.  Gurgaon, Noida, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Kochan, Chennai, the top seven cities are included in Delhi. Okay, urbanization will take away the demand for real estate in the top seven cities of India. People will also come to do jobs. But that's what we are saying.  Children are not being born, that is also a true truth that if the average of India has come to 2.1 then perhaps the average of children being born in big cities has come down further if we  Normally if we look at it, less children are being born, one by one, but the things that have to be missed out and answered have to be catered for and beyond which the data and research has not been done yet, I am doing that and I feel that  It seems to be spreading a lot It's not a very positive thing but I came out of so many things which I do It also includes marital consultation Divorces are happening a lot Now what happens in a big city  When the wife is working The husband is working Both go and the marriage Kolappan The same house Now when the house was the rented house It was a house which was But it's okay The ownership rights don't matter It does n't matter Now they have to live in a house  If you can't, then you need two houses. Now the husband should go to one BHK, go to two BHK, go on rent, or buy it, even if the wife goes on rent, she has enough money to buy that house.  We don't know what to do, sell both of them in half, buy half of each other, we don't know whether after selling three BH's, both of them should buy one BH or two BH's, we don't know, but one thing we know is that divorce is on the rise. Very much in big cities and the second thing is the second trend that sons and daughters do not want to live with their parents, now it is slowly getting accepted, this is also a trend, so the families which used to live together with six people, now live with four people.  Do you want to live together, do you want to live together or do you want to live together separately and this trend is bound to grow, in this the elder care which has penetrated a lot in South India and I see it coming in North India, the meaning of elder care is  That such a house and society where elderly people can live, which is not necessary, there is no talk of old age homes where poor people are living who have become mentally ill.  The people of South India are wise and they are living in our image, so they have already started moving in in 60. Till now they have no problem, but they have bought their own house in that area where all kinds of things are available.  The facilities are there because what have the people done, they have built them somewhere far away in the mountains, now mostly people want to live in the city because their relatives are there, children are there, coming and going is there, but they like how are the bathroom fittings.  Just like when you go to the toilet attached to the knee replacement surgery, there is a different system in it to hold the handles so that the tiles do not fall. This is a different concept of elderly living.  The facilities will be other than the surgery that takes place inside the OT and in the hospital. All other medical care is available there. No more running around. I see a lot of elderly people when I am 70.  In 80, if you want to get anything done, you have to go a long distance, stand in line there, okay, then you have to come back and go and take a toll on time. Rich people have become upper middle class, so all those facilities are there.  That's it, we left in 3 minutes, came there in 3 minutes, drank a cup of tea or coffee, told him that he had to increase some medicine, not reduce it, diabetes was your hypertension, what is the use of medicine in that, just measured BP, medicine. For this you do not need to go anywhere, there are 1000 more things like medical test, if there is an emergency, if this or this thing happens, then this thing will also come up, in future, all these things will make real estate very profitable.  The factors have come, why real estate can never be cheap, it was also on the podcast, tell me some reasons, tell me good reasons, I will make a video to give more clarity beyond that, I also have a separate channel if you guys. Not subscribed, my exclusive real estate channel is Sango Real Estate, so I want my subscribers to subscribe too because I would like to talk about exclusive real estate only there because it is like selling dosa.  If you do not mix chana bhatura and other things in puri then please subscribe, a separate video will come for that but Nikhil Kamat ji. He speaks like this with a straight face, yes I came but this flat property is because it is a nuisance in shifting, this is a nuisance for every person, this is what everyone used to speak like us and those who believed, Guruji said it was absolutely right.  You are saying that you are moving from one place to another, you are settled in one place, your environment is set, your child 's school is set and if the landlord comes to know about the rent, then you can go somewhere.  And you are paying the earnest money, you are paying 15 brokerage per month and he is setting up the house, you have put an expensive painting on the wall, he cannot put it because you have to move around with the furniture, you are roaming around with a cheap arrangement because brother.  If you have to shift again and again, the taste of living in your own house is different but these icons are said What I don't like about real estate is its illiquidity Now first of all I have to ask someone  Buddy, I have got thousands of crores, if you have real estate worth Rs 500-200 crores, why do you need liquidity? First of all, can that medical emergency cover your medical insurance? Why do you need it for a common man? Is it only half a thing? We are like this.  You can't keep anything that is illiquid or you have to keep everything liquid so that someone can sell it in two minutes. If I want money, I want it immediately. Hey, you create an asset. Why do you need money?  It happens that if something happens to someone's body, there is no medical insurance for that, there is no marriage, so for marriage, you should sell the house and get married, when and when will be the sensible thing and if it has to be done, then it will be sold for 1015 days a month. What is there in illiquidity in one and a half month that things cannot be sold in one and a half to two months? If the share market is very liquid then its timing is not right. Sometimes when you want to invest in SIP for 4 years.  So when he reached the called goal, the market corrected to 20 and his mutual fund fell to 25 because that stock fell to 25, your index fell to 20, 15 to 20, so what will you do, your returns are somewhere in the middle teen returns.  FD returns increased from Rs 151 to Rs 151 in one correction in 4 years. These things are not so simple as they are told to do this or that, but you see.  That now if big boomers are coming in real estate, real estate is something which cannot be made and there is a huge demand in the country which builders are not able to fulfill, which will come so much that a tsunami will come from the villages to the cities. In the next 10 years, the numbers of migration will be very high and if urbanization goes from 35 to 50 then  15 on 15 increase is a big number in India 21 crores and it will be more in top cities so that will make it even more expensive and that is absolutely right, you will not be able to buy, again and again when I say you will not be able to buy, people  They say, then for whom will the builder build? Hey, rich people will buy. When I say that people will not be able to buy, then it is the common man and the poor man, like the one who goes in a taxi cannot afford his own car and driver.  The reason is that taxi is running and making money, so that taxi driver is making money, if you can't buy then there will be a big generation which I call Janji, who will not be able to buy a house, will buy a house otherwise why will they make a builder, oh brother, someone else.  The uncles will give 10 10 1515 20-20 houses and you will keep giving them and they will live for 90 years, they will sit on the assets and this will be passed on to the next generation. Nothing will happen and those who are Millennials whose children are born and will not be able to buy and who are now in their 40s and those children are studying in 8th and 10th, brother, buy for them wherever you want, don't think of investing too much and calculate the returns later. When a man eats food, sends him to his school, wears clothes, buys a car, he does not think about returns, he thinks, 'Have I covered myself'? Many people have covered themselves in life.  I am covered in such a way as if you have seen the gown before surgery in the hospital. You feel as if you have covered me, it is not covering anything, it seems as if there is dignity in it, but in practice, you have seen me as an example.  Where do I get it from? Okay, you feel like, why do you wear this? A lot of people have covered themselves like this, man, cover yourself nicely. Okay?  It is not like a hospital gown, it is okay, the clothes which are fit before surgery are saved by everyone, it is okay in that, it is not that a fat man does not hide anything, but it is unfair to a thin man too, there are many small and thin people in him.  If there is injustice even with a man, then a lot of people are thinking that they are covered, it will not happen, it will happen, hey brother, take a house for the child, you don't know about the child, you don't know about the job, what will you think, what will you marry next?  You don't know what to do with him, but you know that he will need a house, so take it, why should we buy it, we have educated him, given him a job, he is your child, don't waste too much money on superficial things like marriage, not marriage. Wedding is fine, don't spend on wedding, both of them take their own. The marriage does not break in the house where the newly married couple gets a separate house, otherwise the entire investment is ruined. It cost Rs 7 lakh to get married. People ask me that in a middle class marriage, I think 70 lakhs is yes. I tell them how people think that 70 lakhs is too much after hearing no. 70 lakhs means 35, make it 35. Husband means boy, girl's, jewellery, clothes, which is yours.  Lehenga, food, function meeting, mare's money, wedding procession money, I am telling you by combining everything, friend, the season of weddings worth even Rs 50 lakh will come, a marriage worth Rs 50 lakh would look like this.  Not only that, we have to plant marigold flowers, we have to spend Rs. 60 lakhs on the budget of lilies, plant good flowers, go to good resorts etc., there are more expenses for a night wedding. It seems that no, it happens brother. Who are the ones giving money inside it? The girl's father, the girl's brother will also give. The girl also earns, she invests her money, the boys also spend. Is it okay that those who go so far to show off the honeymoon is okay, which I don't think should go.  I need it because that work can be done in India instead of doing it there. It's okay to go on a trip later when you are done with all those things. My relationship course is coming after Diwali. If you want to do it then you can do it.  You will get to learn live mast wala and you will become a consultant and you can do my relationship course on my number. It will be of very high level with knowledge along with entertainment, it will be a lot of fun, you will get to learn in winter, you will also get recordings, so a little fame.  I have also done it, okay, this is my channel, I will do it myself, now many people come and say, do this one's Khukhu FM, do this book, do it, do it, do it, I don't know, I only do it on my own, I do n't do it for any other app.  I do my own thing, okay, please save money by home, don't follow people like Nikhil Kamat, he himself is very confused, he was hardworking, intelligent, he was lucky, he was hard working, his parents too must have been good at some level. Now that we have reached this level, we will change our tune anytime, Mama. You were following them, now where will you go to buy a house, he just cut a check like this and came home, he has to go and take a loan, sell something.  Buy some share, now you were following it here, sell it and show your SIP. Brother was doing SIP, he was sitting with 10, 20, 30 lakh down payment, the return was 20-30.  You are thinking of yourself as a tycoon. You buy a house, take a loan, use leverage, and sit on more wealth than this. How many times. If you people understand this basic thing, then people have to run after returns. I will explain this to people.  Many times I give in private webinars that how with 10% returns in real estate you can be much richer than 15% returns in mutual funds and no, even 10% returns are not even six, but seven.  Why have you forgotten to count the rental income? Have you forgotten to count the rent? No, you have to pay maintenance as well. In this, yes, maintenance has to be given on 50% of the net rental. If I am telling you, things are explained very well. Try to understand the things. Like, share, tell us how was the video, subscribe to the channel, membership of the channel is platinum membership, you can also try this, there is a lot more in it and you will get to learn a lot more.  If you have n't subscribed to the channel then subscribe yet. Thank you very much.