Hello friends, let's move forward with the discussion on Gurgaon and Noida. Today we will talk about Metro in Noida. It is 29 kilometers long. The layout of the metro is similar to that of Gurgaon. There has been no metro in Gurgaon for the last 67 years. Well, its drafts are prepared and sent.  We live somewhere in Gurgaon, there is no shortage of metro and there is a gathering there, it has gone ahead in Noida, okay, so now we are done, then it is very good, we will talk further.  The video is not of 2 minutes, it will be long, this is what is to be discussed, this is what I have to tell that I am addressing these many investors, I am addressing those people who are sucking in Noida and Gurgaon, I am for the people of Gurgaon and Noida, Noida  Well, Gurgaon is good so it's not the same Gurgaon vs Noida, then it is here brother, Gurgaon is good for the people of Gurgaon and Haryana. Noida is good for you people and for Noida people, the discussion is going on here, rest of those who are watching the match, if you want to understand it, then you have to understand, now the people of Noida should understand something and take some action or the people of Gurgaon should understand something and take action.  It is a different thing between Noida and Gurgaon to do it versus not to do it because if you have to go by metro and there is a lot of need for metro then Noida takes you above that you will not speak metro and stand till 10:00.  By 10:30, direct traffic is coming from Delhi, direct traffic is going from Gurgaon, you are Delhi, there is only van, go in from Gurgaon, you are from Delhi, so many people come in vehicles to do jobs and small businesses in Gurgaon, 20% people are going from here normally.  Have you caught Noida and gone by metro, please tell me from where because in Gurgaon, the people who stay in Cyber ​​Hub area are either very rich or very rich.  There are good salaries, there are low salaries, there are only two types of people, those who are low salary, they live in U block in 60 yards of DLF Cyber ​​Ab, those who have made three three four four punch punch six mangals, these 1009 remain the same.  He is at the workplace in 5 minutes and he has you, money, family, children, education, school, lives seven-eight kilometers away, takes a car from his society and there is that metro, he is the one who was earlier.  Private plane made then government is underrider ship that is why it is not made because when that prospectus goes, it is the king of psychic of the people of Gurgaon, the region will discuss it, I am on this very metro, people do not want to go in public transport in Gurgaon above one level. People and those who are one level below you, hang in your tempo like this and make some small living in it. Why don't the people above you want to go? They go to the office with such touch pen.  If they go in public transport then the game of power dressing is going on. They are girls, they are ladies, they wear their own sandals, they wear different types of power dressing. This is the corporate hub. The corporate has its own system and on top of that, the corporate has so many buses of its own.  Go, all the TCS PCS, all the big names, I would not like to take 10, it will be too long, but all the lonely people, go in front of their offices, there are big bases, they send their employees in buses.  I am late, I take the buses for pickup from their house, if I am getting there or am going to the office within 100 meters, I am getting ward drop, where will I go by metro, where will I go, whose metro's last mail connectivity have I seen in Delhi? See, Kachhar Kachhar Kachhar Prachar is below him, so whatever level he is, he gets very attracted, that is why if the people of Delhi have to shift to Gurgaon and Gurgaon is to be shifted to Gurgaon.  If you want to boost and 2-4 5% Delhi, if you want to do something, then these same children who are employed will say that when they see three hours of life becoming their nature, they are seeing more in commuting, only then they will decide to come here, people of Noida, you have done so much.  If you have done well then you have done well because there are many people of Noida who are there, if they do less then the rider ship runs smoothly from both sides. Metro will also come in Gurgaon because like Arjun, Jewar airport is for Noida.  Gurgaon is metro, nothing is coming anywhere and this is the region, the setup of Gurgaon's price going up is such that where there is a job, live there, where there is a job nearby, live on rent and Gurgaon is being made money from within.  You will reach anywhere in 15 to 20 to 25 minutes and if you do not reach then you do not live in Gurgaon, then they are coming from some other city and you are from Bhiwadi.  If you come then it will take more time but what we call Rajiv Chowk is the heart of Gurgaon, nothing is better than Rajiv Chowk even today, it is not more than 20 minutes to 25 minutes in the future, the time will be further reduced, flyover underpass becomes red light free system.  If it is less then it is called smart light accordingly. Having metro is convenience and good but having metro does not mean anything because if what I am saying sounds logical to you then apply it.  Environment Moral Argument - Don't put pollution on it. Metro also runs all day long. It also runs on electricity. India is not getting electricity from solar. 7075% of all the thermal energy is produced by Parsi. So do n't get into its arguments. That too is here too.  It will be built when it is built, but the people of Delhi have not understood till date why the Dwarka side was not built directly from here because brother, the Dwarka Expressway costs Rs 16-18 lakhs.  Dwarka, you tell me, think, think, think brother, if the metro is built, then there is no need to pay toll tax in the metro, otherwise, they are building such a big eight Lenka in the air and the toll on it will also be deducted from the fast tax. Do you know then what is that?  Will we make a metro? I do n't believe in a child's metro at all. It will be built in 15-20 years, but video, investment and life are not planned according to 15-20 years. Next two, three, four five, seven five years after that.  In 15-20 years, 100 more projects will come. If you have seen what is happening then this is a big region of Noida, this means the same thing which is good for you, I am designing, it is good for the public to live and come and go, that is absolutely right.  The same second city is going to strengthen it and get the price, so what is being talked about here is that I have invested ₹ 100 here, when will my ₹ 150 be deposited first in which city, the rates will increase in both the places, where will it go soon? I will make the next video on Cost of Living in Noida, in that I will cover all the things further, this video is about to end, from there I will start the next one, see you in the next episode, thank you.