Hello friends, Noida and Gurgaon have difference in the ownership of property due to which Noida is like Gurgaon. If this thing is improved in Noida then it will also be stopped and it will be free hold. Nice will be launched. Property is free hold in Gurgaon Haryana. You are right.  Have also taken your builder floor, it is yours, it is not like this in Noida, now it has its benefits, there are benefits, there is no need of infrastructure every moment and the quality is being controlled, they were appointed later.  If you release it but don't enjoy it, then psychologically, at least according to me, if you can't return after holding school rates in Noida and others, then it's from Delhi, it's Delhi's money, loot brother, it's a plot, it's land, so this plot is ours.  It is ours, now we have made a floor in it, sold it, got together to take the floor, test it by singing this alarm, the money is here, it is not only in Noida that we got into this affair, so you all have to see the new one, you also did not call, why are you not speaking now?  Why don't you talk?  As for taking us to plays, no, subscribe, now we have not reached yet, we have not reached yet, that infrastructure, this structure, all that is fine, it seems good, many people live in it, many people will say, what do they say about us, you will spoil it. How does the word grow? We have to see what is good for you in living, which is good in investment, it will grow here, the network will grow here, where will it grow, this is the biggest problem in Noida.  The maximum number of people are older in age, they did not know how to press the button 'I will not come' and 'I will not come'. The system was there in the beginning and 96 hours were flown in it. The government employees-officers were not able to do it for the hours of high level people in Delhi. They also felt that.  Here on [music] slowly do subscribe and corporate subscribe and subscribe and subscribe is the biggest industrial and if you have never come to the industry after doing industry then that is a big difference.  The aim of both the cities is that Bharti Industrial, of course, first of all, do this oil here, this Delhi, the whole area of ​​Ganju, across the canal, across Yamuna, that one, then after that, Okhla, after Okhla, he said, then Noida, if you do more, then that one will come again.  It is very big because it got a label and hence the crowd is attracted by it. Now what is sour about the crowd there is that the total amount of money is 65, it doesn't work, poor people live there.  There is a lot of money in Noida, they don't spend it there, a child in Gurgaon is earning Rs 60 thousand, no cyber, we have done a tequila shot, the people who drink alcohol, lick lemon and salt, get tired of doing this work, boys and girls do everything like this. I have vitamins in Noida, like you in Gurgaon, why not cook food, eat food as per the salary of Rs 60,000, don't give butter and keep on doing that economy.  A very strong person from Gurgaon ate 80 pizzas in Gurgaon, saw Parvati movie, did a shooting there, a very cigarette of Rs. 2000 is not considered, in Noida, people are still spending money wisely. Now I am not criticizing in this, I have no fight. I myself am doing the same thing as the children in Gurgaon are doing. I do n't consider it good. It hurts the stomach and hence the money gets wasted. It is not right for me. I feel like  Live in Noida, it seems fine, I am telling about my personal, but there is no link of real estate with my personal, it is not with my personal desires, you said it, did n't you see, so where will the money come more, you can see by addressing the investors.  I am also keeping in touch with the website for your entries. There is a lot of comparison to do in Noida, I cannot do it in Noida, how is it, it is more saver, it is a good thing in Gurgaon.  If not, then like a quarter inch Mukesh Mahato cigarette, one question, two percent in iTunes, that's why the aluminum keeps on borrowing, borrowing, borrowing, isn't that a good way to live? I didn't say at all, is drinking alcohol not a good thing at all, wasting money is a good thing, absolutely.  No, we have to see from him, what is happening in our helpless situation, we will go and kill whom because of whose liquor, we will become this teacher, what will we tell, if we can't tell anything, then he will talk to the gangster now.  When he comes here in Gurgaon, he calls his feelings. In Madhya Pradesh, in Rajasthan, Jhansaram comes as a surprise. You enjoy it. Here, he keeps it like this. This is SSC. This is Gurgaon. I am still on the road, not on the metro.  It is not because this is what Noida and Gurgaon Rapid Metro is about. It is good to know about the metro. Even the richest person will come and that the metro will be given. It is okay, but today this video which is being made today, I started in recent research.  If you start with those things, then the eyes cannot see, quickly you have to use your mind, now what you have to do is that the difference that I am telling you, these ones are not covered everywhere, some on a superficial level, such photos on a video. Show me that building of Gurgaon that has hidden something, show me the building of Noida, which is of no value or the better one, show me their skin building and say, brother, both of them are in competition, this is good, this is our Omaxe Mall, it is better than this one of yours, the name of this one is  Too  I don't want to take more, then I like it a lot, so I go, but it is not like this, it is not for less, the soul of the city is being discussed, where is the transit, where is the strike trick, where is who is coming, who is coming, how is the series going on, tell me slowly-  Gradually all the inspectors will be there and there will be things mentioned in every video which are from the upcoming videos. Don't comment on them. Whatever you say, comment on it. Instead of a chapter being read, according to the back, that chapter is that.  Whatever chapter you think I should comment on, do it only on that, then you will enjoy it directly, brother, my own jewelry will come, it will come, it's okay, it means I am not doing it to make anyone up or down.  I am not going to move back and forth, I will tell you what it is, but Sate Noida in Investment Gurgaon.com can also be the solution stay in the place where the like button erection is not going into equal. Take away the portions, investment is the biggest thing, then you will invest in your country, subscribe subscribe, you can buy it from the businessman here, that too can come, so that is what I am saying, she is pregnant and she is. That Aditya should continue something. Thank you to.