Hello friends, today we will discuss that on unique aspect, I will define two types of people who face this problem, one is NRI, second is government servant and there is a third category also there is power but not everyone will follow that category.  Related to properties, these people travel because they have to stay away from their original place. They have original properties to join, where they are willing to buy. If they buy their property directly, then  There is no problem, it is in your name, you can manage it, but for psychology issues and because of you, a lot of issues are coming in my consultation. Many times we say out of side, out of mind. If Ann Rice is gone then that builder floor in Delhi is father 's house or that is the house or younger brother is staying here or a sister is staying here or the local who is living in another Shivling, that property is like this on default setting.  Be it caste or just his caste or possession, it definitely belongs to him. Government people are also there because they also keep roaming around for 20-30 years. There are many psychological aspects behind this that whether you came or you did not.  I have n't seen the parents, I have seen that your sister did not do anything, she did everything on my pretext, or the inclination of the parents goes towards the child who is comfortable with them, this is a fact, big and small combo.  Different packages are different, so what to do in this, first of all, please like me on this thing, at list, I have touched the topic, solutions are not so easy, however, I give one on one solution in consultation, if you are also encountering the truth.  The situation looks like this is about to happen, whether it is a government servant or an NRI or a private person who is working remotely or whatever.  He is in Bengaluru only, he has something in the deli and he married his wife in Bengaluru because he did not want to live with his father-in-law and she was also an IT student, so he said brother, please note Bangalore so that we stay away, this also happens a lot, so what is that? What is happening in today's times, children are innocent but parents are dead, remember this also, why do we say that everyone is themselves, you cannot fool your parents too much, you do not know what is happening.  In life, what is this situation? Is there anything to the family, is there any strength, is there power to talk, is this discussion possible, is there fair relief, NRIs also know that they are going to die, NRIs also know that they can survive.  He will not come again and again, how will he do it in the court, because the one who is living here also knows whose compulsion it is and many a times, how is everyone's conscience clear that this gay person is an NRI or a related Hajj official.  Doing this is really very well in life, why does he need it? Hey, you already have a lot of property. Well, the parents know about inheritance while they are alive, it is a matter of later, it keeps spreading, even during life, it becomes like a tattoo.  So you are doing well in life this gas not doing well ya dhi girl ya vativer combo two girls two boys do you know india ghar ki politik i am not much concerned about her gender  I will go, but the doctor has his own place, but brother, parents can also write something and go, what can people do about it, and the second thing is possession. A man says, I am staying here, yes, it is yours, you take it alone, you also take it above.  They don't say that even half of my share is decided on the spot. You say that the spot is not going to happen. I am very much at home. It is like that father is gone, no mother is there. She is living with a child. She is living in a house now.  Mother, now that boy or the second Shivalinga  Even if he is from a far away place, he thinks that he does n't want to meet me, I live here, so brother, note that it is okay if I get something in between and I should buy some more of my story or my life should be ruined right now. Give it to him, he has his own desperation, people here know that brother, who is in possession of constipation, this 99% Dr. Remember, it is on the property, whether it is on the property of any country, you understand that whoever sits wherever he sits, it is also called international.  199% of this  Occupation: Wherever this Shivlinga is living in this house with mom, it remains a dead floor. Now you can demolish it and convert the builder floor into a floor. It sounds good to make profit by taking the builder floor as your share but it does not have  He doesn't want to break even for the sake of not making money, he says that we will stay, yes, because his greed is also that this second Shivalinga should become Buddha, his children have already become complete Englishmen, his children have already become Englishmen because  There is absolutely nothing for him to come and go, so once we tire him out, he will give up. Okay, this is also a fact and most of the time it may be that his children are not doing that great or I am not doing great.  If her sense of ownership is so strong that if I want to take care of my mother then I will take the 13th share of Rs. 6 crores in this property worth Rs. 12 crores because I have spent Rs. 6 lakhs on my mother and multiplied it in the 6 years I am here.  I am in whose team I am in someone's team, I am a consultant, I am an advisor, I am a person who gives solutions and I give very good solutions, this is my livelihood, it is okay to win one situation, tell both the parties that brother is with you.  This will happen, this will happen to you, do this, agree, be happy, make your life like this because I had told you an example where the property is very useless or does not exist and no one is interested there.  The fights and quarrels are the same where there are big lions and property and sometimes what is the stupidity which is the kind of studies I have made and sometimes I have also told that those who have a son, daughter-in-law or whatever, they think that this is property.  There is nothing like that, they are far away and keep the relations cold for many years, they say hello to you, neither do they care about you, but there is always more time, the fate of some city, some place, some location, some property, the world, caste, some flower.  A highway was built, an institution was opened, a lottery was opened in the city, or inflation or inflation, anything can happen, then the one who was scolding him, what is this, suddenly his price got flooded, that is, it means.  The broken property which was worth 4-5-10-20 lakhs will be sold in 20-30-40 years. Road time is not so fast, it is very expensive and then he does not feel like leaving it either.  Man, then I also want a share, so this situation is very tricky. Entries and all the government servants or those who live away from the property are traveling, I will not say that I will not paint it in black and white only that they are poor people.  And the rest are like that because human emotions and family politics are not at all state forward. Everywhere you will say like this, it is the law and someone will say the law, inside the law it is like this, date on date, date on date, date on date.  How should the brothers go to the court, their next generation does not get married because even today, no matter how modern India becomes, no matter how many people search for marriages on aapda.com, this thing is never appreciated within the caste family. D Shivling is there.  How come their children don't get married? Sugar, you know because one friend of the next party, these are such people that if they do it only for themselves, then how will they blame us tomorrow anyway?  Do you know in weddings, how much is going on of putting things on each other these days, area 498 and he is so much of a brother, he is like that, there is so much fear that people are not doing the same but here they will feel like it and everything is out in the open.  They even have the number of lawyers. If one is doing well in the court, then the other one will also do well. Once that check of yours is drawn that you have to do this or that, then after that the person feels the fear which is there in the court.  who has never been there, who doesn't want to go  If you want, that's why this lesson is also difficult, it is not that easy, how can you remove it, okay, so there are solutions in it, how do you stay on the basis, but this is the issue, please solve it in the presence of happy parents.  It's not about why, parents will decide, no, I have no interest at all, what happens is that you don't have any interest but suddenly your wife gets interested or it happens that you consider yourself very rich.  But the next generation of you also turns out to be very useless and you feel that you have become a pond because of this thing, friends of your caste, they were the ones who were fighting over the kilos of the village too. I have seen many people who used to drink like this in the beginning because of this. How much did he earn from farming, if the mother has five acres of holiday holdings and land holdings, then how much did he earn, i.e. lakhs or two lakhs, it was hardly a year's income. If it was divided, then it was the elder brother or younger brother or whoever.  There was a relief in the great attitude of staying, you take care of yourself, you take care of yourself, but sadli many times brother, next to the fort, Kundli Man Palwal took out some other highway, took out some other story, then there is a caste in that too. When you see this thing, either you are clear that I do not need it, how much do I want, what are the valuations and talk openly, do not give life to the thing like this and say brother, this mother thing is living with you, mine. Shakti is also here and now she does n't want to stay, so it's mom's problem. You didn't have any problem in giving the offer. If you can't leave your job and come, then that favor won't work. Mom, actually stay there in this house.  I have a plan to stay there and maybe mother is looking after her brother's children and her daughter-in-law is going to school to pay for the teacher's money or the story lecture is some other job. And mother, it could be an asset, father's pension is there and that Shivling, the small and big boy was also useless in the girl, that is why he was not taken out there, mother kept clinging to you and after that he is not getting the support system and He is saying that I am keeping them and they are having fun, then an old lady has come forward, she is good at 85 890, whose name it is, God forbid, if it continues on everyone's hand, then all these fights, if there is a fight, then the parents.  There are 7075 honey starts in this caste, many parents do not want to address the child, they also have to do favoritism, they also have to play this favorite bhau, favorite bhau, favorite dhaba diya, whatever is their system, everyone has to play like this in the society now. For someone like me, this is less. For someone like me, you yourself say it, it is good if the patients come for whatever the doctor is, but deep down inside, I have a very strong feeling that  Friend, this is happening, kill him because even after I told this, my consultation will reduce that I have solved this thing in the society because the problem is so much, so much, but from the middle of my video 5-10-20  If the % is also less then I will be very happy about this thing. This is a big problem. We should solve this problem and those who remain outside, they miss out. Many times they do not even have that much fault because  Jobs were far away. If you people identify with this situation, please write in the comment area that yes you identify with this thought and on this we can do a follow up video or study. If you want to know, then that also gives you clarity.  This will be specific, maybe you can solve your cases and by the way, if anyone wants then you can get it on the WhatsApp number given below, it is very expensive but not cheap, if you are feeling like this  If it becomes cheaper then it will be a little expensive. Adverwise, you can also take platinum membership of the channel, within that you will have to solve things yourself. You do not get concentration by taking platinum membership, concentration is equal to the fee of 25 months of platinum membership but  If you go to history, then either there is some immediate problem that brother, an issue of Rs 5-10-20 crores is going on because going through the curtain.  So do you know what, a person like me tells you clearly that brother, do it like this, there is a lot of promotion combination, younger brother, I have to say, I don't have money to make it, so I hired a builder and gave the share to the builder.  Two of you take one floor, one brother takes two, one brother is investing more money then give him more share. If you want to do the solution then when the routine is bad then the problem is different. Sometimes what happens is that the routine is not bad but the solution is.  If it is not possible, then only those people come for consultation. Where the routine is bad then there is a solution. There is no point in trying to follow. If you are two fairies, you are not understanding that as they say, the monkey is bread and the cat is. How can it be a monkey's habit to listen to that meaning, if you are not able to understand then concentration is necessary. If the destiny of your Shivling is bad then no court, no one constructive can help you, but what happens sometimes.  You don't know how to divide by 'you' because it cannot be 'you' because the situation is such that one's wife is someone's wife and someone else's wife is the wife of someone else. These days, you know, 90% of my men go with their wives only. And the remaining 10% lie. Maybe everyone has to obey what their wife says and in their youth, maybe a man may be a little domineering, but when it comes to property matters and the children grow up, so do the wives. Rahat plays a big role and wives do not play on emotions and love at all. You know when such situations come, then they play for their own sake, so they also have to be brought on board, they have to understand, according to me, this is a very good topic and  You have to make this realization. Everybody knows that you are heading into a conflict. If you live far away and you do not talk about property, you do not even talk to many families, even your parents say that your  Brother, look after us, don't look ahead to us, we are not seen, we will not get salvation, I have seen from many parents that they allow decision making to happen due to their greed, they also know that they cannot take us to the top, no one can take us there.  So, whatever mileage and leverage you have, you have the power. I have seen a lot for my benefit, but I cannot say that I am blessed with peace, I am not blessed with peace, you will not go comfortably, this is also a sure thing today as an astrologer is telling you, I am fine. When you see what happens many times, if a child is far away then it is not his fault and if the one who is nearby then there is no arrow in the pumpkin like this, you need to be cute, fair and talk about it brother, this pass is a relief.  It's my responsibility to take care of this one 10% 5% more, you can't make the next one 0, it's not his fault. Many times when NRIs go, one of our children goes, the family celebrates it in the same way.  You were 40-45 years old and your child went out then you were very happy or but now he has gone out and did not spend any money on you, just make bhajan, don't waste a lot of your money, mother, he started wishing for more soon. Now you keep talking to him at a distance, if you are listening to me NRI, okay especially NRI, then please type NRI in the comment area, for this I will tell you more videos that brother, how do you need to approach this think?  Because my audience is NRI, it is quite alright, so you people have a lot of pain and they do not have that psychiatrist and that psychologist there to treat them, because the problem is Indian, so Guruji will treat it here, okay, that English tension there.  Maybe they will not be able to understand the pain of an Indian. The quality of pain of a foreigner traveling abroad is not Indian and only an Indian can solve it. Only Guruji can solve it in other vices. Did you guys like it? Please.  Sher Karna Thank You Very Match