Hello friends, the point has been fed in America by 25 basis points, it is called N Rice and Indian Real State, I will link it on this and will tell the current thing to all my subscribers, you are not an NRI, it is still applicable for you as NRI, it has data but your  It is applicable for: If you are invested in Indian real estate or want to invest and live in India then NRI is around 3 crores if we are from India.  Now these rates are going high, there is no return story and returns are dear in India. Even if 1% is invested in real estate, even if NRIs do 3 lakhs, then this is a very important factor in the next 6 months. Maybe you can take real estate prices for a bit and let's discuss this. Nurse are not investing in Samastipur, Ballia and Munger and Ara from maybe they belong to you friend place. Invest in Real Estate in Top 7 Shares South Indian trend is towards Hyderabad, Bengaluru and Kochi, there is some relief towards Chennai, those who are from Mumbai Pune side, their belt is Ahmedabad, Pune, Mumbai and everyone else's NCR belt is on top.  These people invest only in 710 shares and the investment spread of three lakh people will increase even across Bill B on Air only and a lot of inquiries have already started coming in, there is no return there.  And some NRIs are getting the program of self-return, they will come and work in a big city of India, those who do not know their village directly, also do not go directly to their village from America, it is okay, if they will come and stay here, then this is a big factor.  Who is playing out in this thing, you must have seen yourself now, if you realize who are the top financial influencers, then videos and discussion of real estate will start immediately on YouTube like a Prangle Camera G, then those people who are exactly those things.  didn't used to do  It seems that I have been doing this for 2 years, now the audience has become quite big. If you have seen that my original audience is 2 years old, then you must have seen that my focus on real estate was about 60% 50%, which is exactly the number of my videos.  You will find all those things already coming true. Let me tell you a little about the customers and people in the market. One is the one who is sitting there enjoying the price which is happening slowly.  But Steady Steady is definitely happening. Very speculative, it is not going like this, some have gone to micro market, etc. But Pan India South is very stable. If UC Bangalore, there is a steady rise. Pune Ahmedabad Gurgaon Units and inventory are being laptop supply ATS.  In this limited plus, the builders themselves are supplying comfortably. They launch any project and provide limited supplies so that everybody can buy and nobody can buy.  Give me more, I am having a lot of fun, my earlier video was that you guys liked it a lot, S7 Reasons, the same real estate bill does well, I explained the reasons in detail in it, I kind of forgot to mention the one about NRI. Okay, so this is a very big play out, this is also a very big wage factor, NRI because there are a lot of NRIs and if you look at the world war, just Google it and see Central Banks like Central Bank of India.  RBI is fine, the Central Banks have a lot of information about what is happening, notes, how much taxes, inflation is calculated because they are the ones in all these things, they are also taking gold from Dhaba, these people are moving into real assets in the coming years.  In these too, it is fine for one to three four years, not till then but after that a new thing will start coming in India or over the world, your gold back is gold back, digital coin like bitcoin etc. so what is there now?  How many notes should one print? Now, printing these notes was going on all over the world. All the politicians and all of you, if you understand the economy well, spend your note chain properly for two-four years. Now people will have to face that problem.  Some point of time future cannot be discounted so much, it is only a debt which is being taken. Now the external debt which Pakistan is carrying like Sri Lanka, goes to the country but the internal debt too if you are printing notes.  If you are printing your own emails, then the internal data is as much of a problem, it is not as good as the external debt, but it is still a problem, and secondly, whatever it is, it exports inflation to the world because the whole world is based on dollars. She does it for everything, so when the dollar is worth so much, then if I have reserved so many billions of dollars, then its value is also decreasing because that brother is sitting there printing notes. Dilarization of the World Bill has also happened. If you see yourself, the Indian Rupee will now be recognized in 18 countries for trading among themselves. So, around 60% of that dollar is theirs and the rest is yours and then it is the British Pound and then the Euro.  20% is fine and the rest is small, so whatever the remaining amount is, ISP will remain deceitful now. Okay, so cut long story short, we will become Indians, if we are NRI then NRI should have it. Not only do you understand the things, your ₹70 has become 84 dollars in the last 1 1/2 years, that's 20% increase, brother, take it, some brother had booked his NRI for ₹ 70 lakhs at the rate of ₹1 lakh.  I had bought a flat here and it had to be paid in 4 years, so no need, you give one lakh, it will cost less in Rs 85000, so that too has been appreciated, so this is my request. Watching the video Real Estate Technology and Teaching out through Webinar and Different Platforms, you will find an info group on WhatsApp in the comment area, you can join it, whenever notifications come, whenever opportunities come, it is real time opportunity, it is real time understanding and  There is a request to NRIs that you check the meetings there through jo.com, this rail picture is not available from anyone connected to the ground.  By interacting there will be a real picture because lot me and rice and I am telling which D and I rice and through Nrijaam telling den me normal audience also ki bhai you people don't put in commercial money will come very tomorrow to you sir 5% 6% heart will give you  Rental charges are good, they also do futures and options, good, people win in casinos, sometimes lotteries are held now, there is no talk of that when  If there is investment, then it is done with a check of probability. Pan India commercial space is going through this stage. There is lot of chain and there is a lot of supply in it. People's tastes are changing. Everyone can buy money by pressing a button inside their homes. Technology is there, not now, it will never run in the office, other worth commercial builder will keep it himself, whoever knows, the builder knows which one is good, he will not sell it, he will put it on the ledge of DLF. Look at the example of Gurgaon, all those who are less than them, they all go on the list only and they do not sell. Those who are selling, keep giving pay and maintenance there and say that now when the boom is going on so much in real estate, the boom will continue further. In the times to come, you brothers will have to understand product wise, location wise and everything else because all the donkeys, horses and lame people have now started running in the dust and mud, not knowing who is who.  Have you style cup are wit about RCS and style way able you see through opac Next there is an appeasement there is no clarity like stock market today stock is worth so much yesterday was so much now it has fallen for so much nothing here  So that clarity I am getting you can in the comment area which is given in the info group, you can click on it and you can join date thank you very match