Hello friends, I wanted to tell you three or four punch things of Neurology. My Numerology videos were a big hit. I had worked very hard in them. I covered number seven number four in Numerology. Very good comments came from people. What is the matter that such a good video has not been uploaded on YouTube. Now those two became so good that I stopped after that. If I should move ahead then you tell me, but before that today I will discuss with you some of the topics of numerology which are asked and  Here  I also want to give clarity and clarification because I made that butt with a lot of hard work, I have not told some things, it has also become a big hit, you can see it in both the videos. The first thing I want to tell is that everybody is interested in hearing this. There on number means if you are number 8 then Bhai Saheb is the punch of eight then Bhai Saheb you should be very much of 5, you know the numbers, you already know yourself friend, what are you, let someone tell me.  Will you like it, will you tell me the good things? Han Han, I liked it very much, will you tell me the bad, I am not like that, I am not like that, the question is that you have to understand the energy, a lot on YouTube and in different books, everyone says like this, okay, this number is six, it is four from the punch. Eight is one, which one is less good, every number is doing good, not bad, but it will do it in a different way, like man lo, if the brooms are going to die, the people who clean are our brothers and sisters okay, then are they one?  There are no people with particular numbers, now this kind of work will suit whom, tell me, again and again I say, cleaning the sewerage, cleaning the electricians, the people who hang on the pole are so dangerous, they are less, it is whose man does it, who says to do it?  That's my number, I should do that, so all the numbers are reducing, but the way of doing it and the energy is different, like if a man is doing eight and is reducing cleanliness, then there is a grace in it too.  There will be attitude and a domineering attitude and if someone else, when I tell the numbers, more will be leaked, there will be some such numbers, even if you put them on such a high position, there will be some like this and they too will reach there, then it is wrong to teach this, another thing.  And which number is good for whom or which one, look at that, all the numbers are good for everyone, okay, this is about it, will you understand, let me give you two number examples, one question is the most.  If the population in the world is around 810 crores then the number is nine, that means 90 crore people come under one number, so are 90 crore numbers the same, so one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, if you are 1st, 10th, 19th.  And if you are born on 28th then you are a number only, so I will talk about Radix, first we will deal with Numerology till Radix only because this is 80% of those people's Destiny Number, this number is the conductor of that one. Don't be a driver, friend, what is there in learning any new thing? Learn the gist of it because whatever 10-15% of it is there, it will become a nanny of the mind and even the basic will not be taught and this is what the learner and those who  Those who do it also have the same aim of taking us towards difficulty so that our value becomes that we are so simple because we have explained the simple things, we have told the simple things of the law, we have told the right advice of the doctor, we have told the right things, it is okay, any kind of financial  You have told the correct part of the advice and that thing can be learned easily. The retirement age of a Chartered Accountant is 5-6 for a normal person. Once you have learned that then you do not need to worry about the Charter Account but it is always complicated.  It is told by doing so that they are always needed and then you feel that Bhai Saheb cannot teach us, just like he can't write, you are a common man, make it, otherwise make it yourself.  A man can do it himself, so I am telling you in a simple way, simple astrology, simple numerology, so in numerology you have to understand that you have to catch the energy, we will get all our questions from it, we have not cooked it well, people, then what is there in it? What is good and bad, if I take 90 crore people come under one energy, then you tell me why can't 90 crore be the same, why can't they be put in one category, can only Indians be included in this category?  It cannot be put when there are 810 crores in the world and we are 140 crores and when people from outside call us Indians, then by calling them Indians, they think many good things about us and think some bad things about us. Are all Indians the same and what are North Indians?  South Indians themselves are similar. If you speak North India, you are thought differently. South India is thought different. If you speak Gujarati, a different thought process comes. If you speak in North India, if you take the community into consideration, then you speak more in a different thought process.  brother this  If he is a man, then what are all of them but you do them, don't you? Friend, he is under the same system because what is there in him, what is the system in him, that every number has its merits and demerits and there are enough of them, so they belong to the same number.  The energy of the number which is lacking is displayed in the promotion combination of the same, but it has too much variety in itself, too much variety in itself, but as you say citrus fruits, you get citrus fruits.  Do you know how many ways there can be, meaning you will say that whatever happens, it also remains the same in appearance and there is a difference in this family, then there is lemon in it, then there is further difference in it, similarly, there is any other type of food.  That whatever you do is fine then other people can take a loan, it is not Indian and there is confusion in it Numerology English word Hey brother, listen, it is fine, don't get confused, the date is different, it is a lunar date and in numerology.  There is nothing to do with it, then astrology goes to Astro A. You are simple 1234, which is your date of birth brother and it is night, don't get involved in it during the day, friend, the date system will go away, don't go into the date, then it is night.  It is day, then it is born on the day of Dwadashi, it is within Trayodashi, it is a different system, it also tends to confuse people. Well, sometimes, what are some traits that you have? You are number four like me. Now you are 22-24 years old, so you are not looking complete because under the influence of your parents, the infections of the society have not yet come out openly. Don't bat, only then you should see this, people of 35 years will understand more.  Ki Han, if my number was seven, then he would be 100 surprised. Okay, people would say, you are with, I mean, not so well made. People associate number, if told as four, then he would say, brother, number four is seven. Now I will make eight.  So the number eight is okay, it is a compliment to the creator, it is okay to make complete details and I will make the numbers but my biggest request to him is to show all the other numbers also because he could be your spouse.  It could be a boss, it could be parents, it could be a child, it could be a calling, you need to understand it because all the troubles that come with reason are not able to you understand and respect. You tell me what will happen to the person after listening to his praises. And brother, I can't help you every day, just like I told you about number seven, the biggest flaw that I told you about is only a destructive streak, what could be a bigger flaw than that in a person, someone can self-destruct.  To have a trick to do means to give it for free, to take claws anywhere, to say anything, how to do it is a big thing in itself, the rest was praised, I had also praised Negative Positive All  I had told that it is okay from my side and women are not ours in it, the numerology of men and women is different, brother, the only thing is that the intensity of emotions will be more in men, so if there is any misbehavior in any number on some aspect, then the man who  It will happen that the woman will show more mischievousness, the woman will show less, the stomach will remain the same, so it is not there, no, if you told me, then it means that number seven women will be different, men will be different, they will have to cover completely differently, no, it is just about that.  D intensity is all D number which is intensity especially the intensity of bad things which is slightly less in mail, it is called number K and which means as loud in D face, so this was a big difference which I want to tell.  It was said that he has to revive the series, he will have to increase the moral a little, you people will have to write something in the comment section, according to me, numbers four and seven, which I have also seen, give a very good turn out, very nice, I think in  My Opinion Also, I don't take such care about every video, but those seven and four were very good in my opinion and were so good that I stopped because I was like, will I be able to do as well with the other numbers also? Because I want to touch your inner level so that you can relate with him, do not go to the superficial level, this is the number, these jobs are good for them, they are good, then they should do it like this, their nature is like that. Those 50 PTs are written in some book, aren't they? That post was given to him brother, it was of 36 minutes, probably it was not with me and that was a lot, I considered myself a lot, people were moved to tears, so I was also there for the test.  It means that something has been created in such a way that people associate it so much, so now my request is that in our house there are three-four numbers immediately, those of our husband, wife and children and then of the parents too, there can be some duplicate numbers too.  But, Parents, Siblings, Boss, so these are numbers for us, so how much time will it take to know how much, it is good if we have a rough idea about everyone, and if in some case there is a little match, like 99% people said that there is a 99% match, then only.  I was like afraid you make me inside the van, you are such a super hit, you say, if the next one becomes mine, that is a rate, it is okay for me, but I think I will be able to do you justice.  Because I operate on a different level, in Astrologer of Numerology, my system is different, okay, so you see in the video, I am not around D is not like this one, it is a different pleasure to be with him, you have to call it Because M.  It is for you to understand well, but it is yours, as you see the rest, not like him, I will tell you, this is good, he is good, do a job with him, the number is good with him, it is only with him where the energy is there, you understand what the number is from inside.  is outside  If you look at it, people cover themselves up a lot, they do many numbers, many don't, many are able to do it, sometimes they do a lot, okay, if they are like this, would you like to hear a little negative because I want this.  My improvement is less than telling you, brother, this one is more of an issue, everyone knows their good qualities, tell others, the disadvantages should be covered, not only the bad things should not be done, but only that big fat one on top of that.  Mine is not less, mine is less, it is transformative, okay, there are two types of gurus, one who says, son, just accept, I say no, don't accept, you have to change, I am a transformer tree, okay, because of our Sanatan Dharma.  According to this, you will follow only two things, action consequences, many people say, accept this one, I say change the action, brother, which one you are not liking, right? If your child says he wants juice, Papa, pomegranate juice will not come in the juice, what will you do to him, you are reducing it, pomegranate juice will come out, the song will not come out because sometimes I can be very naughty, which is worse than me.  They take personal consultation, I give them a warning in advance that if you are ready to be insulted then tell me and they say that I am not ready to even give money for most of the consultations.  Because, normally people, being a judge is humiliating, people want to be heard, your mother feels like this, there is a lot wrong with you, you work very hard, you as a wife do not understand you and women, hello to women, your husband does not respect you, he works so hard.  You do this, even the children do not understand you, madam, you are not getting as much as you are doing, you have recognized it absolutely right, you are the only one, it is okay, friend, I do not do astrology and numerology like this, I am okay with this.  The next person also has controllables in his life, they tell me what the world is doing to him, have you ever thought that sometimes you go and have to cry, what the world is doing to you, which is a fact, but have you ever asked? Why is she doing this only to you? What kind of energy is she showing inside you that makes you think of it as a temple bell and goes away? You say, "Hey man, what is it inside you that means you are showing that thing with you?" ok then figure that out yourself  Change it, give it inside, what happens to you, you will also change, okay, external world, I fix the internal world, 166 internal world, external world, change is magic, and the whole world is trying to fix it outside, fix it, fix it, fix it, my luck is gone.  If he is fond of doing all these things, then I will do them for free. It has been a few winters and I feel like doing a lot of things, okay, 89% I will do them for free.  10 20% is also livelihood ok so depending on what is your taste ok so Saturday and same time I will do if now I will do very sun my today only if you are watching this video then anybody is interested in it  In Astro, type Astro Tu and WhatsApp Tu Me. If it is ok, if it is free then I will send it for free. Ok, for personal consultation, I am not a man from inside, I am telling myself.  It is too much and most of the people don't require, okay and I myself agree, I am teaching you at 100 cost, you will come back brother, I enjoyed the time, I got attracted to you again and brother.  Then if you put the stepney, then learn to put the stepney yourself. What I am saying is that every time you call someone, you should know that he will come out from behind, put it like this and tire like this.  I felt like learn to do it like this, it's okay if you learn it in one go, so this message is thank you very much and if you are still watching the channel forward then please subscribe, thank you guys.