Hello friends, moving forward with the series of Numerology, we have reached number three. Till now we have uploaded eight more videos. These are very super hit videos. Like I make videos, you can get the story of Numerology by Googling it in any book on YouTube.  You will not get this challenge. Today there will be a video on number three. We will discuss in a very pragmatic way about those who were born on 3rd, 12th, 21st or 30th of any month. Watch the complete video. If you are number 3 then you must watch it.  But if you are married to someone with number three, Rakhi, your children or parents are number three, this is yours, this number is also three, then definitely see it, it is very important, everybody should know what is happening in life because of number D, why are you there?  What a force it is that people get it. My videos are not made to make you happy. My videos are made to change you, to make you your best. Watching them with emotion is number three in the list of you people. You will normally Google it.  Normally, if you check on YouTube, you will find something like this in the beginning: They are do-gooders, they are very happy, they are lucky, they help people, they have very good communication skills, they are very extrovert, they are also very flexible, they will help everyone.  We like, we are likeable, many are like this, we will be very happy because it is true, whatever things you tell us are true, this is how our strengths turn out to be the weaknesses of our life. Weakness is our strength. The way I learn and tell in Numerology Astrology is that nothing is good and nothing is bad, it is as it is, how it is implemented in life and what are the experiences.  It is very important but at this moment I would like to say one thing to three numbers in your life, youth is good and old age is bad. If you do not want to spoil your old age then you have to make a promise.  You have to watch the video, otherwise old age will be bad and you will also know why the three fingers are not moving, so let's start. First of all, they are very externally driven, this is their strength and this is their weakness.  The meaning of 'externally driven' is that what people think outside the world drives them. Now I have to tell you a few things, that brother is not Ludhwani, how can they learn this in their life and move ahead.  Whatever is told, you can take it pragmatically. If there are three numbers in your life, forward it to him - your father, mother, anyone. Forward it to anyone - 3rd, 12th, 21st, 30th and you tell me how much you identify in the comment area.  I will definitely write, if they acquire this knowledge, they have a lot of knowledge to acquire, it is a good thing, there is a lot of knowledge, but if they acquire this knowledge, then they will try to acquire degrees to show that look how many degrees I have. If there is a woman or a housewife, then how many degrees will they get so that they can show that look, I stay at home but I have many degrees, so whatever knowledge they have, they will try to acquire it in the form of degrees and certificates.  Courses online courses hall everything in such a way that even if I have this, then even if they show the knowledge, they will not only show the knowledge, they will also back it up, they will also back it up, see, I have this degree also, this is in the long term, in today's era. counter productive  It happens, like I take the example of women and tell them that they can reduce it to a great extent to give a good impression, like if women know that keeping the house clean is considered a very good thing in the society, then if someone stays in their house. If I am telling this on the basis of example, then they will give so much tips to the house, the food will be of four-five-six types of dishes, very good utensils will be used, people coming from outside always clap them, their circle of friends is very big because  This external validation teaches us not to find good or bad in everything, everything is as it is, only the good is the same, the same is evil, they move ahead like mother, if you have to do this, then how will you do it? Number three, it is not like this.  We will decide which one they want, we will see who is the good money caste in their circle, take it as per their status, if they have bought Innova Christ, then they had thought that if they buy it as per their wish, then they will buy it as per their wish.  They will not take it, but mother, if they have taken it, is it a comfortable car, has bucket seats, is it comfortable, is it a society, but if someone tells them in front, this looks like a taxi, then they will be heartbroken that any person will forget them anytime they come. Man, it makes a lot of difference to them, what do they actually want? If you want to test this theory, go to any three numbers and ask what is their favorite color.  The favorite color will keep changing, defending the number three, in which social circle, in which friend circle, and in which validation circle it keeps changing, sometimes it will turn black if someone says, no, friend shoots, he is very Salim, he looks very powerful.  If it looks very sexy like this, then their favorite will be black and if their mother herself is wearing it and someone wants to say something, friend, there is a cartoon song in it, then they will take it off, meaning what would the person in front say?  It makes a lot of difference to these people, one thing and the very common thing for them is a good caste, they like it very much, if they find a partner who does not do much while roaming, it is more for less, take it.  Will get married to the number, who is late after getting married to the wife, if she has a husband then that's it, then the joy of life will become their nature because they have to travel, meet a lot of people, talk a lot but one thing is good.  superficial level  But let's see a unique pattern of them that they are not that much divided with their family members. Normally, especially if a higher order number is inside the house along with any of the eight numbers, then it will not be possible because it will question their super-facility.  They do n't like it at all, that's why most of them go to the friend circle with dopamine, they take it with them wherever they go because what should be said, should be spoken according to the trade, should be spoken thoughtfully. In the circle of friends, these are the people who don't feel big. They are the ones who took advice after doing jeans yesterday. They are the caste, especially the ones with conformation, not the ones with the knowledge. The one who likes something, will do it again tomorrow and will say, yes, if you like it, then it is right for you.  All you have to understand is that they go out and bring these dopamine and they become the cause of sadness after going beyond number three. I told you that old age is bad, youth is bad, you will meet many people, they are extroverts, every man likes this.  Say gaav hai yaaron de yaar, they don't act like this o or come on friend or meeting party, there will be a lot of this kind of thing, so in 20 and 30, now when you are listening to me, those who are 20 and 30 will say what nonsense are you saying. This is life, everyone is alive in Delhi, everyone likes us, but brother, how do you feel about this journey of yours, listen to that also. It is important to listen to the entire video, because like I had once made number eight, I had said that it will be like this who  After watching the whole, everyone praised it a lot and whoever comes next with more than 40, 40, 50 crosses will be identified by the energy of the number on it, because that energy also changes with age, like the one of Saturn who thinks after 36.  The process changes and it changes separately, so in this way, those with three numbers, please see it completely with patience, do not believe that it is complete and good, you can say the three numbers perfectly.  This melon is an example. It changes its color after seeing the melon. This is the same melon, that is the proverb which has happened about the melon. Now what is their ecosystem? Like, they will have a system, like they will have friends, they will have a social circle, they involve themselves in it, confirmation is this society.  I will not take transportation, this is a confirmation, if the society now such people are necessary, they say that if they need a job, if everyone says that this job is good, then there is a job for them.  It is good if they say that the world says that the job is not good, then the job is not good, then they are society driven, Jugaad is their best relief, networking is their best, it is according to them, there is a lot of benefit in friendship and this also is good.  Friendship is the thing, these will be the people at home who will help you if you are suffering from illness, if you are sad, go and talk to them, they will immediately give you five doctor's numbers, they will fit you in, you are going to visit the story, you will be a cheap guest.  You need room, you need story, jugaad, you need story, they have jugaad in every city, their friends have dead thousand numbers in their phones, they know ₹250 relatives, they know everyone's birthday, they know everyone's happy anniversary and they do that much Putin. And many times this becomes the reason for their bitterness because their expectations are relief, they will wish you a happy birthday and then you will forget them, if you do not wish them then they will feel that brother  Now you don't even like me because everyone likes them, but why not like people who celebrate many birthdays, do all the affirmations, yes I am yes, I want to meet you in everything, externally, superficially, wherever required. Jugaad is available, it helps, whenever you need something, you are stuck, you have to submit a recommendation on the story to the government department, you also need some story, they have Jugaad everywhere, so one  It is also a very good thing, drink it in a good way, okay, so don't put it in the category of very good and bad, it is going on as it is, the ears remain raw, we will exalt some and after listening to others, it will be an example on this. Like the character of Reema Lagoo ji is together, then Bindu comes and says that sir, we are together, I see, this is your son, he is like this, he is like this with you, this is what is happening, then if you listen to him like this,  If that challenge is happening then they will do something big but what is their specialty that they will never be painted as villains. Even if it is known that they have done something wrong then the whole world will say that they are good people because they are so  They do so little to make people happy, they do so little that even when they ruin or harm someone, the world will be like ' Dude, it was not his fault, someone taught him wrong', here the three numbers are very much appreciated.  Because your karma and karma are bad  What is happening, you should understand that by paying attention, your karma is getting spoiled. You will become a gateway in front of the world that friend, you are good at heart, you help everyone, you did like this, you did that, but you are someone's eccentric and they will spoil whoever they want.  That person must be their good helper, a well-wisher, an employee who is genuine in doing what they want to do, or the well-wisher must have a child or a relative, because someone will come and put an Indian face on them and say that you are living this superficial life, they are living it very badly.  It is a matter of pain because they need dopamine, they always need external validation, they cannot even come close to spirituality, but if they see around them that it is good to be spiritual, everyone is becoming spiritual these days on social media, then this is Brahma.  Kumari will attend this, they will watch Aastha channel, they will do meditation but they will show it to her and then as many as they listen to this sermon, they should not internalize it. By listening to this sermon more, they will know the world.  Only I have to learn and tell and see how much of a spiritual man I am, how much of a spiritual lady, look at me, how much I am noble and how much I have gained this knowledge and how much I do less. That one is driven in that way, it is not internal, so please bless them.  The only thing to do is to avoid it normally near the specialty. Now many people will Google this and say, hey, Swami Vivekananda, how come you do this number three, how did you say it? Try doing something like this in this numerology or my video. Will do my well research, I have a lot of experience of consultation and a lot of personal research and observation. It is not cut copy paste of anyone's book, even of Vivekananda ji. If you indulge too much in life, then till the time he did not meet Paramhansa, he did not meet his Guru.  Life was going on like this, these three number people need a real guru, real mental, real genuine man. In life, I had said that the melon is of your color, if that melon is of quality then get it.  Brother, these colors of very beautiful clouds will be shown to the world and will convert the world. When you get the knowledge, you will not leave it and IF C Vivekananda Ji, in this life also, then it will attract the world. If you are understanding, then how can he be that rare above. Vivekananda ji also went to Paramhansa to learn it consciously, but he did not go with his faith, he went with a sense of captcham. If you listen to that story, when he took whatever he was fit for, on his chest.  And give change today and day after tomorrow, if you listen to the whole story, if their best story and look on Wikipedia or wherever you want to do research, then you will realize this, then date it at number three, if this is just your number three.  So if it's yours then brother, you will have to attend the party. Bada Maa will come to your birthday too and will expect you to come to her birthday too. You will have to be social. If number three is your position of power over you, then brother, you have to be like her.  You will have to do it because the number three itself is like this, it is like that, as per the country, so is the disguise, they change themselves flexibly, they change them at all, as they say, when in Rome does romance, the saying is right, as  If the country sends something like that, then it is very applicable to these people, they change them completely and then they start singing praises of it. One thing more important is that they have one more thing which they will like.  Suppose if you like this person then everyone will praise him so that he needs confirmation that he should see in the circle that he is very good, I like him, so you should also like because he is worth liking, so this is a figure of exaggeration, others will wonder.  Okay, is n't it that great? He is speaking so much, and by the way, Varsha is also true. Suppose if they don't like him, then these people will gossip about this man's wife and anyone else in the entire social circle.  It is fine in the circle i.e. in the relationship or if it is in the K place then why is it bad in all the colleagues and then they will not stop in that, whatever is true or false, it will be an extreme statement, then in both of them, exaggeration is a relief, this thing is a relief to them and hence it is on them. It can be done very well for less, but it is less, one has to destroy someone or make someone climb, okay this is less then there will be a perfect fit of three numbers and they will internalize this thing so much that it  That will become their truth. I am not painting them as villains. They do not paint themselves as villains nor does the society paint them as villains. The rest of the numbers and the rest of the energy will always be painted as villains. They will never turn bad because they do so little good.  The person in your life who will reduce your life by 50 good times. When you wanted the doctor's number, then you gave it to them in the guest house. They are also like this that when you come and say to them, I want to come with me to see the real estate, then they will meet me in this car.  ones Come on, let's go, we will go with you, let's go, my bank balance is low, let's go there, I have to go to see the girl for Rohit, let's go, let's go, let's go there too, we will go to see the girl, we will go to see the property, we will go to see the car, we will go to see the car, conformance in everything means every  In fact, the person who is doing so much for you everywhere, when you have to say something, then you become duty bound inside you to listen to him, you will never feel like this, friend, but still you  Have to believe because that person is very  If the date is giving happiness then those with number three have a lot of power, take one drawback of theirs which they do not like but you test any three number, you want to punish any three number which is three 12 21 30 Leave them alone on the date, they can't stay alone, they ca n't stay alone, they are the ones who would like to be alone even in the lift and will take out their mobile phones, okay that means they can't stay alone at all, they need people and if they do n't find people around them or feel lonely.  so this pron tu  The cause of depression, loneliness and these and these problems is because what I said in my youth is that you will get something in your youth because you have so much energy, you are inviting people to your house, you are having parties, you are serving them, you are doing Jugaad, you are doing so much.  If you are doing that then people are coming but there has come a stage when you can't do it, you are getting old so now people don't come so now you feel that I had done so much for them, this is the biggest problem, when you  See, you will see a pattern. When you hear this pattern more than the story, then ask her date of birth. This pattern is I did a lot, I do a lot, I do a lot, I did so much, it must be true but no one had said it. You did it because that is your nature. To get the dopamine of learning validation. Most of the bribes are in the friends' affairs. Ignore the family because no member of the family is able to see the truth.  I am a member of the family. I have seen that mummy does not cook the dishes all the time. She also serves slow pulses. She serves them even with a slight twist of the ring. Mummy does not cook the dishes every day. Or the crockery that comes out to be so beautiful, the pink set. Those made of flowers do not come out every day, we eat in steel utensils and sometimes the house is not even that clean. Relief story. Even if milk is dirty, if you can keep a sexy mess in front of the family all the time, then family science.  If a family does it, then the family should never perform anyone's aarti for 24 hours. It is a Shakti fact that husband and wife can perform aarti for 24 hours. Anyone can perform the aarti for 24 hours. Anyone can have any number as per their choice, how can they be as per their wish, it is okay, children can perform all the aartis for each other.  They do something, they can't get off their butt, that's why there is a problem of number three, they go out and learn external validation, like if they have to do parenting, then if there is number three parent, then they will see what is happening today.  It is okay to go to tuition, it is okay for children to learn a hobby, it is okay, whoever is running in the market will give only three numbers to your children that brother, you are not English speaking, your communication skills are not good, you know.  Nowadays, do you know how important soft skills are? Nowadays, how important are soft skills? You should know how to pass dance, then I should know how to debate, whoever climbs on the stage, whoever climbs, whatever is this, that would be parenting. You see, you are identifying these. Now tell me about things, there are advantages and disadvantages in it, sometimes it is necessary to push, many children have the same confidence and get it, but why do they get trauma, now they do not have much discretion in this.  Because they will copy what is happening in the market, they will not think so much whether any other behavior can be used with this child, then it is lucky that many times he becomes a hit because of what the society is doing and is going on in the society.  So that [ __ ] hits him like that  It is said that this people will never be affected by the times, they are with the time, there are some people, they change with the time, they are flexible, like when the society changes, they will change, so if till now it was being said that there is a lot of pressure on the job.  We should work hard, job is very important, we have to get promotion, we have to work honestly, if we have to do this then this will be their view point, as soon as there is a slight change in the world opinion, when the society changes every 5-10 years, then it is okay.  When there will be change or not, you should also take care of yourself, you should not do this much, then these changes will happen, then these changes will happen with him, so this is also a good thing, but these people are not going to get your big. Transformation is not a head of times, even if they do out of box thinking, that too will be within the box, meaning do you understand what I mean, if that too, by showing, explaining, checking, confirming by learning, yes, an example.  I tell them on the basis of this, they never like awkward moments, this will never be the way to give bad news, but for example, this is one of their friends and this is this, it is okay and you are the third person, then the third person told them that friend is his son.  Or the daughter has been seen here, there is something wrong, you go and tell her, this person does not know her that much directly, but this person knows that these three numbers are his Dhanishtha, so he is telling her further, but this person  If this has not been told, then normally speaking, it should be told that brother, this is again a karmic issue, a very big one, now what should they do, how should they do it, I will explain all those things in detail, first of all, what is it that you need to be alone for a little while in the external world. Try to live together, have one guru and one matter, you will have to try to learn, spirituality is not a number at all, spirituality will not come, if you learn by force, then you will do it to show the world more reality.  I am not going to come, you are not going to come. I have found a strong Guru who is rare of rare. Look, the one who gets a good Guru, the matter is the one who finds a good one, the one who shows the way is good, then that is a check. If there is any wish, then it is a finger.  Mother, then anyone has become Valmiki, like whoever was there in the first birth and was something in the earlier time, they will change completely 180 degrees, if you get Gautam Buddhi now, you are fine, as long as you get the same level as him. So it is a rare game but most of the times you cannot get it at that level, so you should realize that you cannot reach that level, it is not necessary to show it to the world because what happens when there is a big caste in front of you, then a  Fashion becomes that we will call it spiritual, fashion and science are number three externally driven, whatever is going on in fashion, whatever is going on in the world, they do it for you, they put pressure on their conscience, today I am going to release the pressure.  I am saying that you start living with yourself a little and before you make the world happy, please make me your friend first. Make friends everywhere. None of your friendships will ever diminish in the long term. I am telling you these three numbers.  You are wasting your time. Your friends who were in your 20s and early 30s, neither do you see them in Fortis nor do you know their names. And your family should stop you. You brother does a great service to her, if the elder calls her a relative, then where is she, what is she now, now you will not get the answer, okay and that's why I am all about friendship and find all this in your family, don't get dopamine outside.  Now, is this inherent nature like this, number three, think about it, we cannot go too far against this nature, let me tell you the example of this, someone has diabetes, it is okay, the disease has been diagnosed and he also likes sweets.  She also likes sweets, she has diabetes but now she doesn't know about it, the doctor has also diagnosed her with the issue. You do n't want to eat sweets, so it's there from within, but you are the one who wants to stop her. For someone else, she took it natural, like someone would be number eight. Who is thinking about what in his bade? Negative [ __ ] doesn't matter to him. It makes a lot of difference to number three. If number three has to roam around, you can take me around in 2 minutes. I, Tere, know what he was saying in your bade, just to you.  I know that Neha  She was speaking like this, then in just one minute, one minute, she will either be taken out to destroy her because the rawness of her ears is very high and very very very hard, very other things of D and when the world would have come to know this. Like today, if you have found out the weakness in the middle of this video, then you can also rotate it. If you want, I will make a short video of all the numbers of 10 minutes or 15 minutes, how to understand all the numbers from 1 to 0.  rotated and Every number can be fooled. There is a weakness in every number. You cannot fool a number with the help of what the world thinks. To fool a number, it has to bring the family in between. The limit of the family is there to fool every person. That's it, Guru knows everything, okay, you should know how you can be fooled or how the world can be fooled, this is the power of every one, so  Teen numbers are very very wonderful very one dribble Jab life badhni jati hai badhni jati hai badhni jati There is a sense of bitterness Helpless There is a jati of three numbers in your life Because you do so much to take something from the world To take a little and  The people who do the most in your life are not theirs. Who does the most in your life? Your husband or wife, parents, children, brothers-sister. These six people whom I told you do the most. Leaving these aside, you keep busy wandering around the world and when it gets apathetic, you go out more, you get more dopamine lakes, validation comes, everyone likes me, I am very popular, look, everyone invited me on my birthday. Invited me to my wedding. Photo here, photo there. Most of their photos on Facebook. Most of their photos on Insta. Most of their photos on WhatsApp. Don't talk on phone. Everything has to be externally validated. Emptiness in life is a relief because Ultimately all of them wake up, that relationship is not sustainable, the relationship is sustainable only the one who is telling you the truth, brother, why are you so busy, why do you feel so relieved, relax, relax a little, the whole house is busy in shining so that for one hour  If he comes for half an hour, he goes away with a very great opinion. Due to some reason, the body supports you in youth. In youth, you get the energy of your body, so you can do it to make people happy, but as the time goes by, Your youth fades away as you move towards old age so you can't do that much now you can't do it well then you get the same dopamine that you had before otherwise bitterness has come then your bank balance is very strong thanks to the people  You must have done a lot for your people, you must have done a lot, only then I am telling you that villains are not painted, no one ever dislikes three numbers, there are many different extreme numbers which are disliked.  There is definitely a power in number three that it is not disliked but the problem is that number three has to stay with you otherwise the world is praising you, it is okay that the world is calling you water but there will come a stage when the world is speaking old but  If the likes are less then now you have to stay with yourself but you can't stay with yourself, the whole problem is that you can't stay with yourself, now you need someone all the time, you need someone all the time, that someone all the time no age limit  Then you have to spend money, then you have to party, then you have to give iPhone, then you have to do gifting, you have to give clothes, you have to sycophant, you have to function a story, now that is less set, notes of date behavior are also repeated which is time.  And D Other People Bill Note Reciprocate When Other People Other Numbers Other Relationship Andar Friends Bill Note Such Pro K You Bill Fool You Are Being Used This Sari  You will get the feeling of feeling in your youth but it will take you out of unconsciousness in 2030 but as soon as you turn 40, you will start taking loan. Butter has come a lot in 50s and 60s. Please subscribe. Check the three numbers of your life and say that  There is a witness on your sixty, you will get diseases on three numbers, Arthritis which is a disease of witness, Osteoarthritis which is a disease of bitters.  Hi blue pressure again, which is a disease of bitterness, I am telling you in the order that they will get these diseases because whatever issues are accumulated inside them, they remain very much, their fondness for traveling will be there till the last breath, whether I go here or go there.  The body must not be reducing, the partner must not be reducing, please hire a driver, please keep a good car, please make friends with such a child in the youth circle who has taken you around and whom you sponsor.  It takes you too, you find your solutions, you try your best, live with a little loneliness, there is another problem with them, when their soul goes away, it will go away in one age, if the proposal is number 3 or no one comes after drinking nectar, everyone gets one.  The day has to go, if we are fine, then they have to face a lot of trouble, there is a lot of loneliness, and along with them, their family also remains very sad because even the family is not able to give up on them because they  A lot is done for the family too, of course, it is done but it is enough only for validation, showing and telling them. If they do not get praise in the family, then they get buttered by the family and what is a normal Monday in this?  Praise for doing things in the family is such a family thing, such is the household thing, such is the husband's wife's thing, how much should one praise, how much should the wife praise her husband daily.  That you go every day, do a job, earn money, listen to the bus lane, no, praise me every day, even your husband cannot do power like this, the house is clean, the clothes are washed, the children are bathed, everything is fine, friend, that means it is fine sometimes.  Sometimes there is caste but it is not possible, but number three has this extra which keeps them alive in Delhi, which has to keep them popular, which considers them the life of the party, which makes them very good in the friend circle. This is what they have to keep, they have become an Achilles' heel, when old age comes, they have to take care of their guest garden, they have to practice a little bit of loneliness and make friendship with themselves, they have to make themselves happy every time, now you are number three. Check genuinely that which color suits you, it is okay, if not by any size, now for example, if there are only three numbers, then he will call the number three ahead, then if he is wearing a red tie on a white shirt, then the dollar is yours.  If your hair is also like that of Donald Trump then it is Donald Trump so whoever is number three will be sad but who am I talking about, okay then number three will be sad that man, then next time she will not wear a set but Bilal Tai because that is her. Then after typing which one will suit her best last time, is it yellow tee or is this black tee or the one that suits you, she will wear it. Till the next time she gets some other input name, these can be rotated.  could  Like a puppet and which can be rotated like a puppet, whatever comes at some point in time, it sets in the fatigue in life because you can never live a lifetime to please others, listen to your heart, your mother. Listen, number three, try to please yourself, be the internal tribune, go to hell with the world, do what you like with your passion, do what you love, do what you know, do it, okay, you should have collected these degrees. Gathering knowledge is a very good think but note about changing your life to impress others and among the last important things I forgot but see the important thing which is coming in the video is coming in the video so and  There is a lot of benefit in seeing till now, the biggest mistake of the three numbers is that they do not pay attention to earning money, they are just happy that money is a real timetable thing, everything else is intangible, spirituality, love, happiness, sorrow, happiness, money, it is  A sensible thinker does not earn money, he focuses only on earning money. Superficial people manage their energy in such a way that a person spends more of his energy worrying about what the world is thinking about him. He does not pay that much attention to earning money.  Had he stayed here, he would have died, if he can earn ₹ 100 in his life, then he earns money in all these ways, he will not tell you, I am number three, I have earned three crores, oh brother, you have earned three, you could have done five, message.  Not that if you earned 5 then you could have earned 10, so whatever is mentioned here is a matter of relative importance because only three numbers will find you poor people too, rich people will also be found in the middle class, you will also find happy people, I will separate, will separate in gravy. And if you make spicy puri with it, then it will be different from the happy one, it will remain the same, you cannot change it much, ecosystems change, so it is very important for them that they keep the melons around them.  Choose because this also cantaloupe and cantaloupe will change color on seeing the melon, so which melon should be kept with them, they should be very very clear, they should be very clear on the shoot, the melon which is a little spiritual, which can give mentorship, which has gravity in its place, which is  Who can guide them and who can eliminate their superficial superficiality and connect them at the dipper level and give them the lamp of life, gold and tangible.  It can lead to gold and portability, it can lead to things that can be made cheaply because number three does not reduce what is sustainable because reducing so much physical is in the job to impress the world, so in the job to impress.  If there is a housewife in the house, then she is there to impress, who impresses even the 700 a lot that I will buy this, this too will be my gun, one day she will be like this one.  There is a feeling, what happens in it? The bones go to the cheeks. I have seen that big issues are found in the bones of number three women. You see, if you don't find it, then tell me, I can find it in the rest. In the process of making the butt number three happy, my body is destroyed.  They do things like this and then get nothing, there is no meeting, there is nothing like this in life, then there is a caste within, so I hope you guys took this video for pragmatic, if you took this video pragmatic, only then and for the numbers.  Videos will come, you must have seen my videos, I did not do it so quickly, I and I have different energies, I added eight together, now I did not start nine from three or one, because I do not have the knowledge of books to catch things and  Gave this hold but have to go to the level, now on the superficial level number three is so good and I will still say that in the summary, brothers, friends of friends, life of the party, happy people who help people, happy people, this happiness is visible outside because  There is sadness inside them, they will always hide it, they will always make it up, how are you, it's great, they will never say anything, it is okay at home, the husband does n't listen, the children don't listen, or they do n't love me, or I don't work, they will never tell.  So that's why the thing seen in superfacility is the caste seen in books, the caste seen in social media is made into a video, people tell it and become very happy, so did I make three numbers happy? It made me happy to tell in this video.  If you are angry then you are angry  If you did it, it felt great. How did you feel? Give me feedback. Guruji, straight forward, is n't it at all like showing you any signs, brother, you are very cool people, you guys are great for the world, the person who is ready to be misused to make the world happy.  He is clapping only, no one is calling him big, a number which no one is calling big will make people big but he is buttering the family by nature because he is becoming a family aarti by nature.  The interaction is only for a little fear, then they have to take out some time after coming home. Number three, if they spend 10, 12, 14 hours at home, they will spend only 2, 5, 6, 8 hours outside. Even on holidays, they will stay at home.  Stay at home, that's why this time I have addressed number three women more, number three women are very sad because they are very agreeable. If you should read their psychology, read number three and two words, agreeableness and people placing.  This people pleasing and agreeableness is the people on this bed, it is very good, you are a people pleaser and you are making me happy, whether people, brother, a lot of people, you are singing very well today, I like your videos very much, you are very nice.  You talk nice, now I will like it very much, what is the problem with me, if you are talking to me like this, then you are a very nice person and I am talking about anything, you are very agreeable, it is ok with you. But where are you reaching? I will make a separate psychology video for this. I will make a separate psychology video on my clarity. There are many problems in that too, so we travel. Three numbered letters in life realize the ground that is on their operating software.  They were reducing what they got naturally. They should have changed the operating software a bit. They have been misused too much. They were getting clapping. Good bye syndrome and good girls.  And there is that room in childhood, very good bye, drank milk, very good bye, let's play, this is the one who travels the most in Good bye Good Girl Syndrome, these clapping honey bands every day, then they do n't understand how life is.  Jeenge tak toh yeh chal raha hai na good Rohit good girl good good bye good Neha good girl very nice good mummy good daughter good brother good husband good yeh tak tak to live it is going well till then this mache mache se on de chakka  How is the six going but that one day there is no battery or story when people around you are not able to do that much, you are not able to do that much or you don't know how to get that much and you have bought more, then after 40 you understand that friend.  This life was a lie, it was a little, this is a subject of pain, today I have tried to share my knowledge completely but apart from this, there is a lot of knowledge which I have to learn from the middle of astrology and connect in astrology, so if My astrology advice to you  If you want to join the course then you will see it in the comment area. You can join the course. Live classes are also going on. There are recorded classes too and they are very good to learn. And if there is any pain in life then one less pain is pain relief.  To make you happy and make you rich. First to make you rich and then to make you happy. To make you happy and then to become rich. That is the change. Relief is to people as well as butt clean. Three is to remove pain from life. Second is to make you happy. Third is to make you rich.  make these three less  Claim is a channel, any person claims anything, these three are special in less, pain will go away, happiness will come and then money will come, this thing is with you, if you want to enjoy this thing live, please do so in the comment area, Jain from there.  You can buy Astrology course, Happiness course is included, you can buy platinum membership, you can connect anything from any platform, whatever suits you and you will get insights from it, this is very good and then  You will also get to learn astrology thank you very match