Hello friends, if you are born on 16th or 25th of any month, then you are number Sath. Earlier this video of mine on Urology where I covered numbers from one to nine was not covered with Sath, that video has been a great hit.  If you watch it, I will post it in the comment section. I will post the video in the description. Do watch the video. In the video I saw, Bhai Saheb slept together, slept together, it was a mission. Yes, Guru does not miss anything. He is not so stupid.  I am someone like that  I used to say that I am an idiot but I did not miss it like this, there is a big number in you, it is very interesting, if there is a number with you in your life, it can be someone, your husband, father, son, BTV, it can be any cross, it can be anyone, it can be you yourself, then you will definitely see someone or the other.  So there are seven numbers that you will encounter in life, so this is a template for the rest of the numbers as well that in as much detail as I am going to make this, you can take number 13. If you gave it a thumbs up and said, then maybe my  Motivation is my moral will increase to make two for base number then let's start with number 7. Yes Guthli number is also called number seven. If there is number seven in your life then your life is definitely interesting or you yourself are the number of God.  It is a number which is seen everywhere in nature, how many colors are there in the ranges, how many sea crossings are talked about, how many births are talked about, how many births are talked about in marriage, in Sanatan Dharma, Hinduism.  How many rounds are taken in the body, how many energy cycles are there in the body, how many suns are there, the code is good, we call it something in maths, 3.14, what is it called 225, what is it on it, Pi-Pi, square stop, mathematical number.  Isn't it a hobby to divide? Brother is an Indian. It doesn't repeat. Do you know who knows maths? Tell me a good joke on 22. There are 365 fractions in a year.  There are 30 days in a month. Why should we make a week together like that? Those who have not done 80 weeks, we can do it for 30 days straight and even speaking we could have got five. Why should we make only pizza together? You will see this together at many places if you are number one with us.  Yes, this is a plate, but according to today's world, there is not even that much plate, so I will tell you very well, I will explain marriage, emotions, work, business, what should be changed, changes, I have joked, I will tell you which projects.  START THE WORD WHICH IS NORMAL USER WILL NEVER YOUR RESEARCH THING IS SUCH WHICH Kisi ke ki ki ki ki promo sakte aur kis ki pro kisi ke kaun so sahte in fact you will see who is Firoz, who is our like a and who  Which cockroaches are there? You might have made up your mind. No problem, let's go ahead. How are numbers together? G is numbered together. Let's discuss their traits. Thoughts keep going on in their mind. If you click the brush in the morning, you will keep thinking about it. Then we will see how the brush works.  is happening  How am I looking? My mind always moves faster than Chacha Chaudhary. Whatever I write to you in this comment section, which press matches are all the matches and the last one which was my video, how many good comments are there in it, how much of my  I liked it, Brinjal Brinjal Brinjal Brinjal and enjoyed it and I had not captured each number in so much detail like I am. Today I am going to explain it to you. The number is full of emotions. You would have got angry very quickly.  But if you give it a little emotion then they become happy that they can see those things which the number seven cannot see at all. You understand that they can see the things which the eyes cannot see and it turns out that Ketu has an intuitive nature.  If the number is 7 then call it paravidya or call it emotions. Any one can cause a fit of distraction in a person's pregnancy. There are blunts in nature. There are blunt nature moments. Whenever the number was seven, he would walk in a room or in your house.  If there is any work in the family, then there is not much work with them. Have you seen such a hard working man along with the number who used to stand behind the wicket, he may have been in the market for many years and was very cool and good working. Bangladesh needs two runs, three runs, Bangladesh has lost the match by one run, but the work is done, taking the same wicket comfortably, Boil used to bowl from behind, who used to bowl the last six on the last ball and I used to make 16 runs. This number seven is discovery, meaning till.  that is till then  Things are not lost, this is a big trail of his, during this time, Dravid and will always be like this, he will also have to face defeat but he will have the faith that Subscribe Will Tree and Best of the Best, All the Best has the potential that many people even number it.  He says, I am trying to explain the lucky number in this way, the way the videos on YouTube use it in so much detail and penetrate deep inside, it is not the only one that has an impact on the guest in such a long time. If you meet at the workplace that you are like this person, that no one else has the speed with which he has such a sharp mind, then he hates two things very much, only I will tell you about them and we will move ahead, just don't do two things with him. Rest, you can do anything else, big for giving is a strange thing and will not be seen with China, you will be seen from social as if there is work in date time, they suddenly become antisocial, meaning scientists change twice a day, when their me time will come alone, Nasir will definitely.  If they don't get interested and definitely meet you, then it will feel like this. Yes, it's okay, but you do n't want to forcefully meet people. You can stay alone with people. You talk to yourself a lot, you have a lot of brains, but normally people don't work like this, so take it many times.  They are the ones who cry from their heart, this is their positivity and this integrity pact of Jeetu, they can become too lonely and can go towards depression and they themselves have so much knowledge. In life, everyone else has knowledge that they forget when to take knowledge and this is visible in their life that they become very good fathers, they are poor men, they are family men, they can be tightened a lot, it means inches if a man has this number. So, you will be the do-my of his children. In this match, there is a mother who is the mother of all, the lady and if the father is with Namri, then he is not the father, he is the mother, which means he will compete with the mother with great force to fill his stomach with more batter.  there are children Hussain is extremely protective of Bigg Boss and the biggest thing for him is that home.  They would very much like to live here. They would very much like to live here. They like work from home very much. Some people like work from home as much as others. Real estate is very important for them for their world. Real estate is very important for them.  They invest, they also earn money, that real estate is here again, they want a home with four walls, they want to go to the world, but reading it comes in an aggressive style like a shell, well, it still denotes that it does not mean that it should come to them, it is very important for them.  And they get angry the most because of only two things, but if someone says something or attacks their family, then they do not get upset with them, but I tell you in the form of a pimple, which you can see if you watch that movie.  Normally seven numbers will be 111 ribbons, they will sound like number eight, Hood Hood Dabang Dabang or that song of Aap Un Jo, they will look aggressive from the body language, in fact they will look like you can do anything with them, just like you can muscle someone.  The lamp is pressed and the energy is attracted 1-level 1 year with it so come can't do anything in were then one such ne click and sea time mostly in  With people, after getting them to do something, they go away saying the opposite, but if someone does something wrong to them, then they are like bees in a hive of bread, it means they have typed something on it, meaning something will happen to their family, meaning if Like this, if a man is asking for leave and if you do not give leave to this man, then there will be talk about his family, protest article or by the way, someone said something on the family, what did he do? You saw an old picture, we were of Amitabh Bachchan, we were with each other.  Some?  There was also a song in it, Amitab Bachchan, if you saw the movie Hum, then in the past he is something else, he is a tiger type, then he goes to the big 100, he is afraid, his life is very much like a template, he has to grow and work in his life.  But it is not shown that after sometime, it is okay and there are very big denges of lion, meaning they are the person who has worked on self destruct pimples can destroy themselves to strengthen the desire of others.  There is so much for this but if they are shown normally then it is like in this picture in which Ghrelin is afraid of his family. When you watch this movie with Amitabh Bachchan, then give less time. Data is the character Mirch associate with a number 7. The second thing is love.  -Given in love and was one of the most loyal numbers, just this number where the shoes of infidelity remain and not the number but it will be laced with a snow tractor, okay that infidelity wife  Apart from hitting the mouth here and there, this is to be done. If there is a wife and there is a husband, then I will tell this in The Chance and Reason. If in Chance of Infinity is Next 202, positions of very loyal to the extent are also there, then from the wife they  If you love a lot then you need a lot of retention from your husband because if you have a wife then you need a lot of quality in your emotional life, which means you are very clingy and I will get angry even on small things.  The wife went alone to watch the movie along with her friend. My husband will be sad that I have gone, but I am telling this as an example and in love, this is the type of person who knows the song, which one is my love by rejecting.  My revenge is only type but that death of Rajkumar Yadav is fine so it is work like that because great loyalty only means if you have husband then this is dream leaf means husband material is very good but deposit husband  The material is very good that there is no indifference in married life, why does it remain so, I will tell you and how to move away, I will also give you information about it, it will be a very long video, but if you want to understand, then you will have to show patience even in the class, no matter how much study you have done.  Even in life, you will not know that some time related diseases will happen, so why do they happen? If he is such a good family man, such a good father, such a good husband material, then why marry him, what is the result?  He is such a good king, the son is also mother's favorite and father's favorite too, because if a human being is good then they also want him, then the part which is either a scoundrel human being or a scoundrel human being, now that son is also a scoundrel type of person. Father also goes like this, husband too, no one wants to share it, many people say that it is okay if we stay away, but it is so good, the energy levels are so high, we get positive.  If every man goes then why should we enter into it, we live like father and mother also, we also become mother-in-law, we also become wives of the mosque, she would say that my wife does not like it, I have to tell them to their wives too and I will also tell them separately and a little more.  It remains different, plant them in a different way, I will tell that to the man, along with the tree, it is okay that those born on 7 16 25 are born on 7, 16, 25. It is okay that I am not able to see them, so some brother of wives should do it, he is such a loyal son.  The parents brought up this child for 27 years, he has come to me, so he has not forgotten them, otherwise you too will not get this and you think a lot, this is a lot to fight for, but leave the numbers in the marital life, I am telling you a very big thing.  I am telling everyone to see the women who do not belong to their parents or even yours tomorrow, when there will be less chammak chhallo, it is okay, there will be less sense, then he can go somewhere else too. Loyalty is something. Two BHK resistant unappreciated because that has also been shown, he will show it to you also, there is a husband's plot which has to be registered so that it can be completed in my name in the name of my parents, but that thing is the only drink in the life of number seven that  He has to grind a lot between his parents and his wife and the people who come for these conferences are emotional people, they also need the love of their parents, they also need the support of their wife and they are ready to do everything.  They are ready to do anything for the children and what happens to number seven is that they don't have many friends but those who have many then keep them forever. They have a kindred world with them because they are number one in which they are not allowed to enter.  They keep thinking a lot, they think a lot that if the women who are with them, the human mind also works a lot in Maxon Investments, the men do like it, discos in the state many times do not associate with investment with property.  Shades and the number of women on this is neither an average of them nor of women, if this is an average then it is also colored because on the razor deposit setting it means that men like a normal man are called effective in our society. I am talking about average, as if women can be associated normally, they cannot be made normal, okay, so the level of women is like this, now the remaining numbers are proven, some thought to Sherlyn. Patterns, all this comes a lot in numbers, it is okay, it is an intuitive number, it is a spiritual number, understanding things is at a different level in the comparison of parties, Mondays are not understood, they are shown in a job like in a movie that some situation will come in which  If you have used a little brain and left then now it is remembered and then the same person goes who tells you something, he may be a zero, may be a big eight character, there are many such situations in the movies. He is the number seven person in the situation. You have to see that when he is called for normal work, he doesn't feel like doing it. On Mondays, we leave him. Well, while doing a lot of work, he leaves us when I do n't enjoy him. Only in this district. Okay, they should be enjoying because mostly they don't even lie because the laundry factor is more because to be extra you have to lie and why do you lie, it is not morality that makes them lie.  Their system is that if I am lying, it means I am afraid of someone, that is, they answer to that person. This dominance is not that of number eight. A person with number 8 will tell a lie. In such a situation, that dominance will also be a feeling of revenge.  There will be useful power also but in November 8th there is only destructive speed inside the leader along with diplomacy, mind and all that. Why does that person lie? I am afraid of you that someone knows that there is leader in the leader.  Then who would stick to it because it will last for 15 minutes, it is connected to the circumstances emotionally and can be connected to the market a lot because somewhere in leadership, Muslim values are important where someone somehow slips away, so there was our leader of old times who was seven.  The number is 25th born which is such a coalition government stitched for six years by that leader which means they have 180 seats of their own and there should be no problem, the one who takes everyone along is the shot, spoken spiritual and look at that.  It seemed as if the enemy country is clear that he is the Prime Minister, so it means that sometimes he is soft spoken and at other times, did he give this pack and did he give that every Pokharan should be made last or by taking the country by force, it will reach the speed of number seven. He does what has happened to him, does not pack it and does not expect Bhambri from the tricks of numbers, because they are reserved, they have big results, they think about home, they think after family, they think about their families, now they are happy leaders. If they become of a very big level then it becomes a desi family for them, but they are attached to the Adharvais family, they are attached to the emotions. If work has to be done from them, then work can be done only by taking them to the emotional level.  This cannot be done at all by intimidation, you can make number 8 by intimidation, he will take revenge later but Bigg Boss needs something like that, it is not a destructive stick.  It does n't matter to him if he misses the promotion of his number and if he misses it a lot, whoever among you is doing my job, you will never get promotion in the job, not because that young man of yours is not there.  Everyone Sir, I have to go to Wind Pipe and say something out of the box, in which setting and top box ideas that if there is respect, I will tell you about the variable job selection along with the number also needs a lullaby, they have to hit a six on the last ball. Okay, that Gauri needs the mark, she will sit and rotate like this and do it in such a way that she is an Amul macho very comfortably, okay, that is the trick, there is a woman's brilliance in this, in the midst of doubts, people have stopped her for meeting, people can consider her arrogantly.  They can be understood in this way that this son here is ready for so much speed, there is a typical number three who will party, is sociable, will talk in tune and finally will talk obscenely according to Joseph.  If you do n't even want to talk then number seven means he will talk in such a way that it will crush your belief system, you mean how did you punch him with number and with number for him, he will not show physical aggression on the mental plane like this.  It will take away such things that it will break your belief systems by questioning them so much that you will feel shaken in spite of yourself. So, you should not get entangled with numbers. The sense of humor is very amazing. If I come along with you in your life, wo n't it?  In a cell sense of humor, they also use self-deprecating humor, they keep making fun of themselves, they are very lazy, yes, lazy too, very good, tell number seven, friend, useless workers don't work hard, it doesn't matter because they know it, but  If you say that I do n't have brain in your mind, then it will hurt him a lot because the brain does not speak to him as a normal person, so even the enemy doesn't know that he has a lot of brain.  The family gave too many things, will not attack the hotspot that they can say something as per their wish, it does n't matter, the big bloods say it does n't matter, because the end is good for money, but it is a different kind of system, it is known that money can come from them at any time.  If you earn from your mind, then you will get money in return. Whether you want to wear these or not, he wants to panic. You know yourself, you will earn and will be kept. Okay, now when you have to earn, you take samadhi on this one but in relationships.  Challenge because there is a crookedness in them Centricity Essay Trick Baig in English It is difficult for them to understand Centricity but those who understand their dear and dear ones cannot remain winners, that means it is the life of any house, the life of any party.  If he comes, stands up and starts speaking, then everyone else has no clue because a person who is out of the box can't. I.D.J. Interesting, these things are interesting. And the one only does deprecated humor, he himself separates himself, my friend is important to me, such a person even seems to be very easy, he is not practiced, the world is that with number, if you are English, then pretensions will not be seen in this, whatever and if you  You are telling him in a roundabout way that you are soft, if you are pressing him, he will not be impressed and he will cordon you off, the serum will say above, what did Ritu say, what is he saying, I am not able to understand the meaning of this, ok my.  So you won't understand the meaning, what happens sometimes is that the setting is like this, there is a sophisticated man, Surya is narrating something to the audience of 250, the friend is explaining something, the rest of the people are shy and shy, no one is able to understand anything, very hafiz.  On top of that, he is impressing as if he is a flower, he is not an action master of the subject, he is as if he is showing a slide, that is fine and he is neither making it interesting, nor is the audience understanding it, it is fine.  And the rest of the audience would not have the courage to stand up in the room and say, brother, what are you saying, I am not able to understand because everyone is thinking that I must not be able to understand, I may be as incompetent as the rest and I am standing.  So if there is a conflict, the person standing next to him will be number one because he has so much self-confidence that if the havoc is not coming to me, then who are you, I am in the hands of most of the channels. People will appreciate him for his distict and on this track, he  Those women born in this number will create that women are specific to China, a person for marriage, a chair where there is a lot of security of money, then that is also a positive trade, negative tractor, without the money being cleared, women will not marry and that  They will also marry someone who will give them hundred percent royalty with hundred percent guarantee of loyalty and goals. If he is less than such a person, then they should marry either two numbers together.  There is a problem with the rest of the numbers. If there is a fight between seven and eight then it is fire works. Because anyone who can mess with this number eight is with you. If you are number eight and I am married, then your  Life partner, that will be decided, I can specify these in future videos, I really have such parts in strange areas and seven on number 1, seven and eight will get married, neither will 8 have their own relationship, and eight will have their own tension.  clear understanding  I will not come with him, eight will be fully understood and if Leo will understand then he can actually defeat him in everything and eight pores which is the most amazing power flower and that 228 is the big infinity number, how am I there is only one number which is close.  All other numbers remain open from some place or the other, but at the same time, this part can take A and also goes well and if it still goes, it does not matter whether it comes or not, it makes a lot of difference to it, like this difference.  I  I am telling and at the same time explaining, as it is an art, he will lose those songs of lies, meaning he will go to the company's secret, today, tomorrow he will type again, okay, he is not like that, friend, I, he has no problem in life, it is okay and but where  If it comes to his family then the ghost police will talk more than that, then that means you have misplaced him 6 that his entire existence for number seven is family and home, if he comes from the family then he should not bother the number seven employee. Ask for something for the family because now many people have to understand that the partner has to understand what family, family organization, promotion, job, status of respect, these things are not understood by the number seven, along with number number, organization and self-respect and all these things, you have to understand the family in that way. Emotions can be understood. Look at the number seven. If we look historically, number seven is the best number. Not for today's time, but for today's time, there is no need to understand it. Someone has the patience and does not fit into the economic system we have created for the world. He is a person from another time. Another unit of number seven will make things so conventional at the same time that the words of 4504 years old Vedanta.  And in the same 15 seconds the futurist will talk about 50 years, neither can you call them modern, nor can you call them conventional, nor can you call them conservative, nor can you call them a little, they can fit in any one slot. They don't have the thought process which can do much more than this, you can never say to them that they are number 84 as of now, they are stingy, they feel stressed while withdrawing money, number 4 is much better, number 7, you can call it that.  He will spend the money in such a way that he will not think about it and will not do it while not doing it. He will not spend the money for the show. He will do it for his own comfort and pleasure. He will do it as per his own wish. So, if you assume that a mobile phone of Rs. 50,000 seems expensive to him.  If it is there then he will take it for Rs 20000 and from the car we will get it for Rs 50 lakh in the office Germany, even for a kiss a word would come out that it is an addiction center in behaviour, the family members will understand that if the family members will be able to forget this, then it is clear that he is a miser, it is not tagged.  You will find that if you want to chant on this then it is okay if you don't do it a lot, then it was carrying only one unique, from this unit, in this way you will get the remaining numbers, from the remaining numbers you will get some pattern and that mix.  If there is mix and match, then this is the kind of person who stands out in a very different way, but still I would say that if there is someone in your life, he has all these faces, whether it is your son or your husband, how many of these things have you understood. How much you believe How much you do Number seven means family Together Number means emotions Seven number means Who can win by hitting a six on the last ball And when it is there, it matters Not Alone But When These Matter  That means any situation in this situation is the situation of this vicious late China will give you the best feeling. Okay number 8 also gives a lot of feeling of protection and her but when the situation gets bad at one level then number 8 does not come from the coat.  Do n't know that he will remove the rabbit, support the header message, as if there is a number doctor with you, then with the city doctor, he will always save you like this, I am not saying at all that  I am not at all saying that they are able to save every time or their strike rate is much more than their number. I am also saying this that they have some special physical skin set like this but that is the white dress and that vibration too. Who can do this to them? Pattern Done Now Out Loud Do's Think About Till Situation Before It's Not About Till Dia Lucky And Something The Have Thought Of Dost Things In Your Mind Before Hand That It'll Happen So  This will happen This will happen This will happen This will happen Then I will do Sardar Well prepared Somvanshiya Well prepared in can do in these situations which require list time to think these chances Jeweler mode straight kiss your souvenir in your organization in the family right use this cream set in  Telugu Ghummat Who is normal in these things, his performance is absolutely fine, he feels like working.  That's why these people mostly spend most of their time in flights, do n't they, and are working, have you ever had the pleasure of having such a feeling among you, that sense of intellectual property, but that is normal, great for the village, great, alone in great settings. If you see the picture, there is a save in it where Tom Cruise and he cannot do it in Russia, he hits his enemy in the temple by doing like this, now we got hit by the missile and it is coming from half, then it comes from behind.  Dishkiaon Tattoo is a movement, it is a movement of glory, that seven number dial day, comment change the thing, like if you see the picture of border in which you see topping, if you see the picture of Border Sunny Deol, then there is a scene in it, then there is celery, that medium has uprooted everyone's tents.  The fight is going on, smudge test, Sunny Deol falls advertising, how does the taunt time come, apart from that, he comes and changes the point on it, which is the leg's jo.  So there is granddaughter who comes out of Jha, she points like this and no it is like he will kill, our hero Sunny Deol will die, at the same moment he comes in Jackie Shroff fighter plane and time is, the color is number seven. You Samsung this is what is 747 will set situation for you a time serpent also contact thought process is front so if you are with me in life, cherish it, that sleeping person  It is your lion who says that whenever the lion has finished hunting small prey, then there is no problem in moving against him, but when the time comes when the small prey is finished, it is okay, I will finish by example, okay.  If you watch the documentary on lion, you will notice this note which if you come here, the lion is sleeping in it, he does not share small prey, the lioness is doing everything, the children are studying and are looking at the face, then hit this for the sake of doing it. remained  Why is he tolerated for the lion's family? Because when he goes on a bicycle, when small prey is not found, the rain pattern is like that, then there is a need to hunt a wild buffalo. To save the family, there is a need to hunt more wild buffalos. What is the trick in me that he will run away like this, we have to catch the lion from behind and after editing him like this, because from the front, he has so much momentum that he will kill with his lion, we have to do it from behind and what is the risk from behind that at the end time  If  That wild buffalo raised its legs and hit the rims of the six rising lions, then the lion will die, it will be tight, then it is a very risky thing, but then to protect itself, it goes to hunt that this is the family.  Man hai this is the seven number meeting hai tu bhi able to do any work life for the family different less fuel number meaning to do all go for our family but to be double bed at all the time eight number only  There will be no tangri, rose water cost, only Vijendra is needed, he is wanted out of the house, you are understanding that he will do a very good job, one has to do something for the five, everyone has something for themselves, everyone is clean, the situation is together, so if the lion is like this, then that is why he has that family feeling. Gives him the knowledge that when that situation will come then if he wakes up at that time that he will not lie down at that time when it comes to him then it will leave Pastor Yadav Vansh will give up all the wealth  For children, this net comes, father prepares all this, it is not like that, but there are two updates, self-destructive street, which I had told, then motion from accidents, I had said, father, if you are with me, then mother means mother, she is the one who gives birth to a child.  It is very good to grow up by feeding on mother's milk, it is the form of a mother becoming a father and if the boy is with her, she will compete with her mother, it is better. Parents also want that air.  They want a brother from the family, not from the world, meaning Tilak, the world is behind me but I am behind you, behind you means family, wife and children, so they will not get a brother from the world, so everyone likes it, but they want ultimate happiness from the family and that many times.  It is not possible to meet because brother, everyone has their own life, who will keep doing so much air, this also has the effect because the passion inside them is that they are not able to add family and friends because every time they are not able to share good questions these days.  Share this, you have a job, money is coming in, everything is going well, so whatever feelings they have, birthday feelings, they are not able to come out. Look, after making such a long video, one has to plan this number because only then in your life you will be able to understand that  He is saying how much you liked it, tell me in the comment section that I was not making it that way, that is, neurological poetess is interesting that once she comes, then she starts having a lot of fun thinking that at what level am I going to explain, no one will understand. Energy scan of that number, no number can be good or bad in isolation, something or the other will emerge from all of them, it is okay as if we are meant to meet together, there can be depression, we can be sure of self-esteem if we meet because it has been discussed and desired. Recognized by the family have these two song feelings may be you know they are still fighting for family and wife ki yaar tere ko kitna pyaar doon main hai theek hai to This is also a normal isolation. If you ask the wives, how the husbands will look great when they come back, give butter up like bhaiya movie, have fun with me, you are my everything, I don't want anyone else and just me and you, that's the Edison toxins vacation is interested in.  If there are three numbers in this, then do not marry with three numbers and you cannot marry three, three have to roam around, students have to stay at home, so this is how numerology and tarot, which is such a vegetable. These three committee's are bad and good and bad and no. Whatever it is, we have to understand it and if we understand it and understand it at that emotional level, then our relationships become fine and we will not understand.  So brother, if things get spoiled, it's a simple thing but how did I feel about my I thing, the biggest video ever made, such a big video is done in the webinar, but record video is done this time teachers, see all this without script.  To say it comes from innocence of you know understanding of the changes in numbers otherwise normally there is not a single edit, there will be no cut from it, single shot, Amitabh Bachchan style, there is some chutney in the same shot, there is no script, all that comes from understanding.  Banerjee on the number Ish Vansh, you will keep it like you heard this 35 minutes today, I have done it in third and if you understand its energy.  I have told you the examples very well. If there is a number in your life with which you are getting entangled, then you will entangle me because it is very simple, a little emotion will make you smile from today, will give you respect, I will do it for you for a minute and once again the minister has told you.  Put in your inner circle, he will never leave you from life, most loyal friends, most loyal husband, most loyal son, most loyal wife, mother, it will come with and  They are caught by more people. If they have to say problem to more people then they can't hold the body to prove. These will be two or four friends, the rest will be a wife, the eyes will be for her, even if she is shapeless, she will always look beautiful to them because the ultimate reason is whose fabric is this.  Comfort comes from home family, so if the wife in it thinks of duing them, then their existence will end. I am sure that the admission of students will be done in this fight.  For some reason, except the wife invisible open, their entire existence will collapse. Well, those whose existence is family, then they can do anything for the family. You have seen such movies where a person does something for his family.  I am also ready to hiss a very-very fennel. At the end of the day, I told you how did you like this one? Please write in the comment section. It takes a lot of effort to talk like this. If I am in the rest of the numbers, I am like this.  If I take emotions, I will definitely make them. If there is a demand, I will definitely tell. So, if you send this to death along with all those who have been married for a long time and have children in the family, then do a little compulsion to watch this video. If you have watched this till now.  Like it and if it happens then I will demand, then you write which one will get more numbers, it is not 887, it is clear, it is 552, I will make it, I will make it well, I will make it intact, if you understand it well then please people.  Share with Like Thank you Hey A