Hello friends, we will discuss the number 8 of Numerology. Before discussing it, it seems a bit heavy because the number remains like this. Before this, I have posted super hit videos on number seven and number four. I hope you watch it and I. Here I will not tell only the number eight people to see, this will be for all the numbers, if you are one, two, three, any number, you want to watch any video because in this I will also tell you how to deal with Karnataka because it can be eight.  your boss is your close friend  Be it a relative, be it husband or wife, be it a child, it can be anyone, that eight is in your life and how to deal with it. Can eight be defeated? Is there any number because it is a very dangerous number today if you are eight yourself? What is the meaning of eight?  Yes, born on 8th, I will talk about the radix number of 17th and 26th, I will not create confusion, then tell me, conductor but this number, whatever can be made from 99%, we will not go into 5% technology, we will keep it simple, watch my video with number 7, how many of them  Views have come I think 2.5 lakh plus, it has got so many good comments and how good it is, it feels very strong, people had said make it quickly, make it and do this, it is very different from mine, yes you did.  You must have seen that I have been in seven and seven teams, you are in this third and eight group, I am different, it is not like the rest of the world, it is good for them, do this career, I will tell you everything, get a job, get married and how do these things happen?  If you look very carefully  The video will be a lot of fun, it may be a little long for you, but you will not find it on the internet or on YouTube, everyone else just grabs hold of the meaning of the hero, it is not so easy, you people have relied on yourself and what you saw along the way.  So unappreciated Van of D is the best video on YouTube. It has also been written in the comments that in general its reception has been very good so will try to make it too. So are you number eight? Yes, are you number eight? Is there number eight in your life?  There is a comment section  Must write in Have you been below the number eight in life? Watch the video. Do you want to take revenge on eight? If you want to make them fall then take it. Are you yourself an eight? Is there anything that can make you fall?  Can she do that, I will tell you that number eight is a very special number, there is only one number in life which is closed, all the rest are open, it is closed by doing this, the rest are open from somewhere, all the numbers are open from one to nine, hold any number, serve eight eight.  The beauty of parts only band and eight is that  If it is standing with 8 then it is standing and if you drop it then it becomes infinity eight. This is the most complex number, you understand, it will take strength, energy comes out, life comes out, to understand, you have to understand carefully, energy, this is good, that.  Good, good, you have to understand very carefully the energy of eight. Eight is a very misunderstood number. First of all, those who were born on 8th, 17th and 26th in this number are okay.  They remain very misunderstood and have a way of life. Till the age of 36, they have to face a lot of struggles in their life and humiliation remains with them throughout their life. Here I will also take examples of celebrities and tell them about their energy and will also tell them accordingly.  If one has to become a fakir because of his energy, then one has to go to a powerful position and become a fakir, such normal ones will not become fakirs, they need chaudharahat in life.  Ego is everything, you know everything is good and bad, don't get confused about the good thing, the bad thing is there, you saw it according to the number, I told you the example, four and along with it I took the support of the film, characters are very important.  So if I understand any character in the film to define eight, then I will try to understand it by taking many characters in Big Aaj, I will try with all my might, you must have seen the picture, the Pushpa in Pushpa D Fire, you will not bow down to her. This and eight is such a dangerous number that it is of his enemy. He has a great sense of justice. If he follows the right path then he will become a very popular, good leader and will do good to the people. But if he commits crime then he will be seen becoming the boss of LTT. This is how he is.  Even in less, you will see very big gangsters, the Mumbai bomb blast gangster is sitting in Pakistan, if the profession of cleaning worker is tell me which one is good, there is every number in every profession, there is no good or bad for anyone.  The question is, what is his attitude there? So if there is an eight number below you, you are the boss below you, but the eight is 17 26, then what is there in it, there must be some relaxation and that may be depending on you, you are distracted.  Do this too, there is only one number which shakes number eight, all the other numbers tremble, which number is that number from the heart and you are the one who creeps, I will tell you that also after the video and what is that vanralibility, very less vanillatis.  There is one in eight, there is one, there is two, just that number makes him an expert. Whenever there is spread of raita or something goes wrong in any system of number eight, he has the ability to fix it by doing eight. There is no emotion in eight, there is logic.  Justice is Saturn's number, it is cold, there is no emotion, so if you want to reduce such fanaticism or get fired from the job, then get the number eight with state peace. Some people have to consider it as a job, some have to consider it as a holiday. The number eight is also very straight face. Sense is off.  Less  My child is important, it is the same in their own family life, will they give importance to their wife or children or will they not give it to her? Well, let me tell you here, whatever is being told is not different in SIM for both men and women.  People are getting a little confused about the number seven. The only thing that becomes interesting for women is that now a woman is a housewife, so many things cannot be told, she lives at home only, there will be traits below that but she  The intensity will reduce, like I told one thing in number seven, if there are a lot of self-destructive streaks then it will reduce in women because women are ahead of gender and sex is butter, if there is balance then whatever traits are being told to you in it.  Whatever is being told, you will find it in women also, but women who work less, work outside, do business, you will see more traits of vegetation, but women who stay at home will see the traits, so I will give an example on this again.  Also, if someone speaks out of mouth, then according to us men, tell us at any time, in a situation, it is okay, like there was match fixing etc. at one stage in Indian cricket, and all that happened in 99, after winning the match, the shot was fired at any person.  You will put in a crisis, who will actually reduce the number 8 and who knows who is less? You can't fool them too much, you can't fool them with smooth talk.  You select the right team and take things out in the crisis. You know, it is okay that he remained the captain for many years and he remained active in Indian cricket. But the same when the cricketer again became the President of BCCI, then what is wrong, then fix it.  Will give, then try to fix it by spreading it, after that it comes together peacefully, so I am telling you this under the example, I told you some other examples too, then their humiliation is like I told people so much trouble.  They complain that people are always plotting against them that they can't do it again, they do n't have that much courage, but things like anonymous complaints etc. happen to them very rarely and seeing them fall, many people get relief.  Number eight and number eight also fall a lot but they make excuses even after falling, they will stand up again after falling, okay template, I told you that till the age of 36, we get to see a lot of them, so they have matured.  It is okay if you see that too, Pushpa D Fire, he will not bow down, he speaks, gives attitude, but where he is benefiting, he keeps it with them, he also bows down a little. If you have seen the movie, then the one who promotes it.  If you are doing it and you are liking him then he is doing it and whoever is his enemy, he is his enemy, he will definitely destroy them, that is, if he likes them too, then if you ever stay below the number eight, then you will destroy him and fuse and  The one with end throw also you  There will always be danger, you cannot remain loyal to them forever because they can change it at any time and what will they do with it, they will show their superiority to them because there was a long line, you see, try to understand a lot, maybe tell them what they want sometimes. How to tell, their approach is like this that they are very just, they do not do injustice, this will be the number of Saturn, not new darling, now do new darling, you are the next one, one can also be genuine and  It could be that he did not need a hot potato from you to show the world, so he dropped it and said, look, I have not done any favoritism and this man has been of great service to them for maybe 5 years, 10 years, 20 years.  Or you may break a lot of laws for them or do something else or less for them, but you can drop them off at any time, this is their trait, so if you are ready to sacrifice your life for someone, then always remember this.  also dropped  You will find that 8 and 4 get along very well because they both think the same. Four does not have a vision. Eight has a lot of vision. Eight has a lot of vision. Four has less vision. It has a vision and all that is less is that of four.  If it is a good pair, you will see it at a very high level. At the senior level in the office, this is the number which shakes you a little, I will tell you the reason for it, all the other numbers remain, then it will come on top of that because in emotions say what is the strength of number eight and  The strength of a person becomes his weakness. If he does not have emotions of the strength of eight, then he can take many decisions like this, it means that he feels that he is a little strong or he can be of low strength, if it depends on whom and what.  What you have to do is you can say it, which is very strong mine and very strong person and he can say it, okay then it is his emotions only, you don't have any emotions, his emotions keep coming out.  So, whenever a situation arises where eight exposes seven or someone plays on seven emotions in such a situation, such a person emerges from the situation and says, "Hey, he is not a family man, I am his emotions."  And this is exactly how 7 human beings feel, so whenever a situation comes, 8 does not have the answers of 7, 7 is ready to destroy itself.  There are eight Misters who are not ready to do anything; see it in Pushpa also, he acts with the policeman who comes in the end. Pushpa will first become like this, then a situation comes, the last scene comes, he goes into it and then shows himself in it.  The mind is self-destructive, only seven numbers are there, it is said that if you look at today, then art gets distracted only by seven, so if the rest of the numbers are ever trapped under some art, then you should focus on its emotions. Emotions have to be played, when they go then he will not understand, on the eighth day there he will be black that I have not done as much for my family as I can, it is okay for my nearest relatives, friend, nearest children or wife etc. by asking.  Therefore, there is always a lot of focus on less, there is a lot of focus that I have to do good for the society, ultimately all that story remains behind it, there is a desire to be in power, to be relevant, to be strong in the chair.  Desire means you want a car, if number 8 is black then you want power, that means this Dholi car of theirs also probably has an element of power but these days there are red lights etc. but it attracts them, although there is a caption, they are also caught like a  That woman of a private bank is currently roaming in the jail, she is also number eight, okay, now also the husband is involved in all this, it makes sense, okay, so cheating with one's own people, cheating with one's own people was in trouble and many people Putting in the wrong way, Anonymous Complaint, they heighten all the energy, number 8 falls, their fall also falls, many people wish, if this, if this, if they do not improve at the very emotional level and keep spoiling the emotions of many people. If everyone cares about memories and their emotions, meaning that it doesn't matter, then they have all said that they will be reduced to number eight, number eight in every setting.  It is a different matter whether it will be dropped or it is okay, it is okay to watch it again. If you ca n't watch the video, it is necessary that many people say that they do not take Pangri. Some professionals in the society, Ajay says, in which profession, their friendship is good, neither is their enmity good, the same eight.  The number is the same, friendship of eight is also not good, enmity is also good, now if you yourself become 8, now it is as if you cannot see romance in eight, Dada, our sense of life is cancelled.  It is amazing but it is not visible. Those who are close to them know that even the beautiful ones do it sometimes but in general, a serious person of number eight will dominate, she will remain that means you cannot make small talk with number eight, it is her demon.  It is such that you will not be able to make small talk with him, you will not be able to make jokes like this, you will not be able to make low level jokes, you are the one who is serious about him, that is why even his team is afraid of the enemy.  Afraid is just scared, if your mood is not too bad, although I have not said anything bad, it is as it is because when there is a crisis, only this will save you. If there are any security issues, these are the shoes of the country's level, if any society needs protection.  If he is the number eight leader, he is an ungood leader, especially if he is not trapped in the web of his family, then he is not selfish, especially because he drowns with the family in mind, it is okay for him because he always hangs around.  They keep thinking that you have not done anything for us, you don't even ask, you don't speak, because you don't actually do it, at the same point and time, it becomes a weakness. It is okay for them to do something wrong for the family. Advise, respect and vice. Moral Lesson: It is right, it is right, it is right, it is absolutely right, as I told you and when you told me what is wrong, then I told you an example that they go up to some level, they are dangerous and dangerous, so it is okay. Whenever a boss comes into your life, there will always be a feeling of revenge, especially if you have done something wrong and update him wrongly, good impressions are formed very quickly and most of the times they are right, tell him this too, so if you  If you are employed in a corporation and your boss is number 8, then he will recognize you 100% and you will be punished 100%. Be clear, either leave that useless job or change a lot, then you cannot escape from this.  You cannot be fooled by what is called the number eight, nor the vision of Saturn. It is okay if the situation is such that you are doing your best, everything is fine, still there is something lying behind.  So be very noisy, this is such energy that it will follow you even after leaving your food and family, remember this, don't think that no, this much will not reach any level, so you should know that just that you will go to jail.  can or not jail  If you can't go to jail, even if you can, improve yourself and if you can't improve, please run away from the situation. If you have juniors too, he is the eighth junior. Now you think, he is a junior, what will happen to me, he will make a lot of trouble. These are not seniors, but juniors can also do a lot of harm to you. Remember this because they have the amazing power of reducing. Like a donkey, I will do the word to him. To reduce is bad, to do too much is bad, to reduce too much is bad.  of your health  That's why that word is being used for his own health and also for the health of those around him, and this eight numberio does not understand, he keeps on wearing it, keeps on wearing it, keeps on wearing it, keeps on wearing it and in all the situations, his  Even in the office, he will try to make his setting and setup in such a way that if the rest is not used then it will remain in the bed box. These are his favorites normally because it is such a number that if they are given less then the sense will be off.  Responsibility is very high, we will come only after doing this, if we have to go from there to Sandalwood, tell Pushpa, she will definitely reach, there will be less, if there is some wish in between, then the boss should find such a man below and give him sweet words and respect. Very little can be done by giving praise and praise, money is not an incentive for them, however, they have been found doing corruption out of stupidity all the time for money, many people say that they have given so much of their life for less and some more.  Money did not come and then when the link comes from the family, they want you to really make an impact and create an impact in the life of Adarsh ​​and it gives the cake, but doing good is not the only thing that is good.  Take the opportunity to do something with a fight, take the responsibility with a fight, and I will become it, I will do it, I am the only thing, respect is vice, if someone is doing good, then do whatever you want.  Open an NGO, do anything, friend, who is stopping you, don't want one more dialogue, if I want to explain it with the example of a woman, if you want to understand then that is the dialogue of Baahubali movie, my word is governance, that is my word is governance, that is my word is governance. Now you understand, my word is the rule, so here that one is less that I am, I have told you, however, I will try my best to be just, to do justice, to do good to the people, but after that, if I have said it, then say it.  Granted, this is the thing, this is the one vulnerability which the opposite party can exploit, that is, not taking the views of all the people along, not having consensus, it is bullying, doing 14th was tremendous, it is also felt now that it comes from energy, absolutely.  You are also a number in it, but somewhere in it, it also has a desire, which is very big, you remain in control and remaining power. You people have to understand this very well, so now what is the reason for marriage?  If we come to the question, if there is a husband then there is a number one husband or wife, now if there are 4 marriages in this then it will be quite fine because they are all from the servant frequency and they combine work with life in a way.  Let's see, okay, now number two and so on, if you marry him then he will be a brother, number two is okay because number eight is a simple English word which everyone understands, dominating is a dominating personality.  God forbid some seven and eight get married. Those of you who are together and eight number couples, please write in the comment section how much fun you are having and tell us that seven and eight are fine, especially 7 and 8 and 8 will also be fine. Meaning, one number gets burnt by everyone, punch number also works, it will work with eight, four will also work, okay and in two, a little of that will remain, three and eight also becomes understanding, three is a little extra, water is a little introverted and meaning  Too much partying and all this, I don't like to meet many people, but the fun of the firecrackers going on between seven and eight is different, it can be a very good marriage if you make the marriage a business partnership.  If you understand this then you can have a great marriage. Advise means 7 will be busy in improving 8 and 8 will be busy in controlling the seven. No one can control the eight and cannot bend the eight. Now both of them have become like this. Now see, it is okay, only one.  emotional  Emotions are breaking that I and one are full of emotions. It's okay. If I do this and one is torn, then see how the balance is. It's okay, but if both of them move forward thinking of partnership, then they will be together and there is a lot of power in the eight, that is good in both of them.  You can do it but mostly you will see a lot of pain because you do n't understand that the energy thing is okay because how can people do it, it means not what are the facts, what is this, I am on Kundli, if on matching, if you people want video, then please Kundli too.  write  Because of this, people have a lot of confusion about it too. Okay, so if we summarize the energy of number eight, okay, if we want to understand it, then you should see that any situation where you can get pleasure is good for you. And if you have entered any level then now you cannot change the level because every level has a level, if you have studied less or you do not have the qualification or there is no tomorrow then still you can change the level below.  You have done a lot, so you will do their level, reduce it as per your wish, you need 14 hearts in that place, if you are a professor then you have to become the head of D department, you have to do the politics of the department, it is very important for number eight, number eight is government.  Which car is he getting? If he is in a government or private job? How much respect is he getting? Which office is he getting? Is his chair very important for him? If  There will be a peon too, so what kind of chair he sits on is very important for him, what kind of uniform he wears or the clothes he wears is very important for him. You will always see number eight in power dressing, no matter what his status is.  He will always try to collect as per his expectations, always see that there will always be a desire from within him that no, I should look like this, that means if he is of this rank or of this status or of a person of this position.  So, if she belongs to him, she will always show that level or if he wants to show it, then even while being at that level, he will look different, exactly your body language, his everything will be seriousness, there will be some fear in approaching another person, just a little.  The check will remain and if there is good money then they also like it. If it is your boss, your spouse, your father-in-law, mother-in-law or anyone else, your father-in-law is any number eight person, you can give him some formality.  Talk to him, talk with respect and be a little serious in front of him, whether he is junior or senior, if you wish, if you are close, then you will get the best for you, whoever and wherever, they do not like frivolity at all, this is one thing.  You can have a hundred romantic relationships, it's okay because that element is also there in it, now I am not going to tell her about it very openly, but that element is also there in it, it is okay, so there is energy in it, because what's the point in showing emotions? Otherwise, we don't know much whether we are happy or sad or not, because Saturn's number is there, now the face becomes exactly the same, now when we get angry, we become like this, if we think something from inside, then if we think, then it is a little bit.  So, did any of these things distract you? Please tell me. If you distracted me then you can tell. Surrendering in front of them is a bad thing. You don't want to do it. If you are feeling very bad then avoid them. You are fine and you cannot say anything. You have to surrender.  ok they are misunderstood  So that people say in numbers if no one is misunderstanding someone is misunderstanding then the man does the number eight of giving explanation you don't find giving explanation being completely misunderstood about him then given his meat who will ever clarify Saying sorry to number 8 is like this, I am telling you that number 7 will say it thrice a day, number 8 will not say it even thrice in a life, that means I am telling that variation, emotions are fine for any number 8. See, he will not say sorry, it means there must be a very serious situation or Vishal says once in a blue moon, maybe in 2 years or 3 years, it means that you will say sorry coming out of his mouth, remove even the thumb of one hand from one finger.  There is only so much that you can do, it is right to write like I have written a lot in seven and four and told that many people have associated with it completely, so the dress will remain good, they like to do good power dressing, they will have less clothes but they like to wear full impact.  Will he like gadgets and things like that one is number eight, so he will not enjoy doing that normal sedan, that means he should have such a feeling in the car that he will destroy the car, that means in that car, they want that car, they need all the things like this and this.  My word is the rule, I will not bow down, it's okay and I will make people crush him many times. Somehow he will get hit by 800 rupees, somehow he will fall down, something will happen, till date I have not seen anyone like him.  I have not seen the number, who accepts so much forcefully, many a times, in consultation, through acquaintance, in relation, he understands with great love, why do you keep messing with me, is n't it fun, just have fun in it for a little bit, brother, tell me whether we enjoy it. What will happen if he gets killed or dies? Anyway, tell me, it is not like that, it is okay, but it means that he is constant. If he gets sued for even a little insult, it means maybe he did not go to the next Janpujhkar, but that's it.  There must be some misbehavior with him or some wrongdoing because what is the matter, they live in such a state of bliss all their life that when they want to reach some position or power, then they do not leave it, then they also take revenge for the one who harmed them.  Is it giving fresh or is it taking away from him, this is a big mess and I would request my people who were born on number eight, seven, 17, 26, those who will be told in number eight, don't do this, friend, a little.  Sa forgiven because when you are for giving then you will not sir rail power is not forgiving brother these people are not at all i mean you ca n't expect this means this is their revenge and well it is called their punishment as if they are never shown in movies.  The habit of giving punishment is that he will always be out, meaning if a man deserves so much then he is ready to give so much, meaning when does he ever miss a match that you don't come around [music] like this one.  He also remains there because of this, only those who are poor people, who have not reached such a powerful post, who look absolutely normal, you are there for everyone, but the day is gone for them, the day is the same again, when this energy is about it.  Kari caste people say no, how can there be a weak person among all, he is a peon, where can he get the change, he will take the change, he will hide the file, it is in his power to do as much wrong as possible and if he has to remove it, the template should be changed.  The intensity will change, it's okay, but the current coming from behind is not the current coming from the basic current, it is from that joiner, so you understand that it is okay, what is it from the front? In which season are you wearing that story? Your story may change a bit. Advise, if it remains like this for a long time, then how did you like this description of mine? You tell me, I will tell the number eight only that you should learn it as you go, brother. I will also tell those who are less forgiving with them that they should also be careful, their bed books are fine, they are very expert in covering up the Raita which is spread and they are also experts in spreading the Raita where it is not spread, so that it can be shown that Then we can tell them that I don't respect anyone, I do n't congratulate anyone, I don't insult anyone, it is what it is and it takes only this much effort, this much time is needed to understand, in this way it is okay to explain it under examples.  So which number would you like to have next, then someday you will get time again, you have to put in that much hard work, you have to put in energy, only then the essence of the number comes out, only that number comes out, adwerise people will say, friend, there are 810 crore people, there are nine numbers.  So there are 90 crores in one number, all of them are like this, they are not exactly like this but they can be classified, just like Indians can be classified as Han Indians are like this, outsiders do it like North Indian.  South Indians can also become like this and then community wise also we say that this community is like this, it is Gujarati or Haryana people are like this, Delhi people can do something like this, not all are same in that.  There is also a variety of current that comes out, there is that current from behind, isn't there? If we are talking about current then numbers, that current will come out. Now whatever I am telling you, this is my third study of numerology, it has been 17 years.  At the age of 18, they are less visible, at 24 they are more visible, at 35 and 40 they look better, depending on the age, many have not come out, many are about to come out, many have not got a chance to love, even at the age of 18, if the number is eight.  There will definitely be a child, he will also have attitude, he will not accept everything, the dominance of performance is there, it is one of the tricks of number eight, so I hope you like this and please share, thank you.