Hello friends, today's video is on numerology, last time I was standing at number seven, today I will do it on number four, number four is those who are born on the fourth of any month, one egg on the thirteenth and one on the thirty first, so now you will say. Why is he doing it randomly? Why is he not doing it in such an order? The reason for this is that he is rich because the manager had worked with him and people were kind of assimilated. Today I will do four, I will do it, you are four, okay, so the whole game's energy is his, okay this.  It is very important to do the mission of those numbers today, okay, first, today we will do this four numbers, before that, I want to tell you that there are many videos on numerology already and I have got so many good comments, such that if you are the number, Shakambhari is my video.  Maybe watch some other video, Akshay's comments are so lovely, if not for me then I should be happy with it, Valve, but I am not that happy, I am telling you its revision because people have identified with the comments and whatever good was said in it.  What was said bad in it was not noticed by the people, hence I will not try to make video Guddi Guddi, this is not my intention to tell you what you are and then what made you great, this is to tell you that the energy is bad and  How to improve, you are with me in the number video, cell district, this is fine, I have taken the length, both have become, and I have to go towards loneliness, I have to go towards depression, brother-in-law, relax and had to work on this, and what did people do to him, Sara, she is like this.  Cardamom, I just picked those flowers from the road, I did n't even know that the main thing is so brother, I have to do good-good on it, then in the end say everything to it, whether it is applicable or not, if I see this thing like this numerology stone.  Sugastun is also good, tell me brother, brother, the video will be deep, tell me this too, brother, you work hard and you don't get the results, an accident has happened in the Bachchan family, you are working hard, the family members are yours.  Don't respect yes brother this week is applicable brother I know how stuff works and good astrologer and would stand on this very well I know how can be fooled kuch baat ki harry baat and understanding energy to se phone number video very good  It was long, it was detailed, there are very good comments, but what I wanted to convey in the energy of sad nerves, can it be done in nickel, then Alexey shared the link today.  What I want to tell about number four is whether there is a conveyance or not, it is okay to keep it straight, now you will know in the comment section, I do not want to take it there, I want to help you people, I have made many videos by air.  If I can, I am getting it by the grace of God, by the grace of you all, thank you for that, but today instead of praising too much, I will tell you where the dots are, so you should not give this thing in negative, you have to see that  Yours  The matter of improvement is a little number four, the highest number is the highest number of Mission Trust, you will say what does it mean, what does it mean that they do not look the same as they are, eggs are a cause of sorrow for them, I am for them, whose  If you yourself are married, you have a father, your boss, your son, your daughter, your daughter-in-law, your wife, then you have to see what I will tell you, this energy font should stand, their energy comes from the chief from his team requirement. Be it off-work work, but it can be said that their thought process is not extremely different from that of other people and these people do not know that they think the same way about themselves and why the whole world is not like this if someone shows a picture. If there is any character in the movie whom I can call Rice America stamp then for me it is Kattappa Baahubali's stamp and sex is only an idealism of an idealism. Now from this point I can say the land.  I am the one who orders the point of view, what nonsense is this, who could be that his throat was cut and he is dead, now you have sworn to the power of Mahishmati, this is how G4 is, if I have to reply to you, I have to take an interview and I am noisy.  That friend, his date of birth is correct and I will ask him four questions to confirm that he is the best employee, works well unsupervised, gives him a little City dwellers need some space, you can get work worth Rs 500 by seeing ₹ 100, now you are number 4, so you understand completely and it is not good to believe, from this you have to see what is happening with you, I will tell you everything in detail. Some short video is not going to be made, it will be long but you have to understand that power and position are very important for number four, so if we assume that we are the richest, then think of getting the work done as a broom, then it is not considered a great mark in society.  As soon as you know, he will say that he is a sweeper, but if I make him in charge there, that you have been made the supervisor of 10 sweepers and you are in charge of this street, you are many and number four, he is such a clean sweeper.  Will get it done, I will tell under the examples that number four affair can happen to everyone from minister to top minister to the bottom. Poonam Arora ji has every person in every section and she  You have to understand the meaning of agar and salt and buttermilk, the rest is for you, so I will also tell you about the remaining numbers. In this, the chances of having four numbers are 50% in your family, which is a family of three people, but taking the example of the remaining numbers, I will teach you that if there is any other number. What will happen if Mukesh Kumar has the number with him, why is it now, then guess it was for you and why do you have to do it again and that Choudhary will not become anyone's but number four, all of them come in line, Times Now, if it breaks, then it is mine.  Four  Number few energy and that he does not need to be supervised, he has so much passion for work from within, I told him that Cuddapah, that level is very high, so if you are with me, number four, you yourself are in your family, then tell you that there should be no support.  And if you can support then do it Independence We are in which of these I am a consultant so whatever time will take how to miss it Model Science Essay We are in this We do not want to become a moral science teacher here If you are number four So you are being misused and you are not getting released, it is strange, okay, and further on, how do you get into trouble with this, I will explain that too, I am making videos in a different way, very good video, I am inside.  I don't know the cigarette, tell me who hasn't told me, I don't have the vision of number 14, see the hard work, some of our old ones were like this, they will never reach this position, they have been removed from them, they ca n't stay on the top position, number two can be yours  This is Kuttappa only, he can't go above that, why won't he go, I will also tell you like Late Cyrus Mistry ji reached there in number four, wake up Sid and Information at One Ka Atta and came out from there saying that he is a very nice person, a very Mahant, very loyal.  Be extremely submit your notes vote this is a wine why is that I will tell you so that you can improve your life as much as you send it because you can do it because basic  Recently, he doesn't have a vision raised to the nines, he needs a ranger to tell him, if he is told Deol is doing, then only I took that character of Kota, like she speaks lady, Ramesh ji's character is stocked with more stars than above, now he  Putting your mind to what's next, she is saying this is not right, she had morals once, whom she calls in love, she has given her heart, she will even give up her life, by doing this she means for her employer and this is  It is not for the wife, it is not for the husband, even if there is a wife, it is applicable for both boys and girls, I am not going to tell you separately, your wife is number four, she is work-for-like, she does all the duties, but this is the kind of monotony that comes out in emotions.  If yes, then if you go to meet relatives then it will seem that if the wife is going to meet her husband's relatives, she will not smile like this, but will cook food, will see the children on time, will not take any of her duties, if she is doing any job, then she will be married to the job.  They must be kept because of the fact that their spouse is a boy or a girl and they do not get any more pleasure from being with them but they are also not left because it is a very duty bound, such meaning is duty, they know that it will not allow them to become well.  Will also complete the work but it is not that it is not visible from the mind, their mind is not connected that the mind is on the work list, the mind is constantly thinking about the work. To whom is this happening to think about the work? You can please write but there is a feeling inside it.  This type of people are coming, even if they are not getting cents at 24, then in my next video of advanced stage, I will tell them how to calculate their life path number. Right now I am going on radix number only on this. That you are born on the 4th, 13th and 22nd, just like the 31st, is this too much miser? Why are these people stingy for so long? They do not understand money because they spend all their time in work. Those typical people who do not want results, they have to work, that's why when they don't understand money, then only way can result in the underworld, don't spend this money, now this is their very miss Kevin, that's why I am making this video that  Understand those who are with them, when I told in the beginning that they are the most misunderstood number and we have to help them or if we are on our own then we have to do it ourselves. Why are you stingy because you never paid attention to money?  So how much money, what does it mean, it means it is important in the work, they get a lot of salary, put these people in HR anytime or anytime like there are union leaders, some would leave you, wouldn't they explain it to the people below to make them understand?  And people will also understand his explanation because Jains feel that thing, the rest of the people like there will be number seven and there is an example of number in this, play with me in the sun that I have a back cover and said from there, he will get the money while talking nonsense.  Family is important, fun is important, what nonsense are you talking? You used to do this work, I used to do work, that's why you took it with me. Now I am with the opposite energies of four. Compliment, do it with positive energy. Is that good? How good at all. No, all the numbers have been given and there is bad in all the numbers and those are the evils in a person. The more of that number is good, I will define his personality. You can't tell people and you are this number.  If you have then it is good, this is useless, you will switch off the lights, no, number four, you are required to do such work in the society, that is, a sewerage cleaner working in a mortuary does not want to do this work, very few of us are like you. Ask anyone, he doesn't want to do it, number four has no hesitation in saying that brother, there is work in the mortuary too, there is work in the cremation ground too and there is work in providing such help too and if he is getting that respect. If there is a little, it will work very well, this is also a very good thing, it will be number four because it is an Airtel fight, a friend is necessary, so in this world, all kinds of numbers and energy and people are necessary to take this something forward.  So everyone should go together, all four should become the same, then it will not work, the balance will be disturbed, so if I am telling you that we will not go into good and bad, now let us move ahead that the space they have, whether it is the wife or the chapati,  Senses don't feel that much  So there is a chance for their boss to be left and right in the marriage, then there is no need for all the four numbers to worry because I have said such a thing that if there is a one percent chance for normal sports then it becomes two percent around them, it is not only 42 percent.  It is ok but brother, it becomes more than words because you are married to work and have a career in the marriage. There is always a possibility of conflict in marriage or I don't get tension because for them you always have work.  If you want to get married, then if there are four numbers, if you are a man, then you will do it from the working side, then it will be better because she will understand better, so that you do not want to do it from the housewife, I will keep giving you the solution along with just telling the problem and telling it like this. Even if you don't want to leave the goal, because you will be married with your work for you, work will worship. Okay, so it's better to work around you too, understand or else you  Marry a number 8. Only a number 8 can understand the number 4 because that is all his set, energy, time, I will tell the number 8. If ever I go ahead, I will tell him that you brother, the pair of 4 and 8 works well everywhere.  Of the eight, four will be okay, four drops will remain, four will remain sixty-nine boss, four will be his number two and it will be a very good pair, we will get married, you can also join us, you can do it in business too because eight would have been different given your vision.  vision of four  There are no brothers, if we overcome this, then there is no vision, whom to meet, what to do next, even the nipples know and you need such people everywhere in the house in such an organization, so that they can fuel the crisis right hand.  Those who work diligently in it, because once you have given them the work, they will surely be you. If they are not there for some reason, they will give feedback even at night. The boss is still busy. There is a problem here, please help.  Or if you help me like this, then he is very great in terms of money, he is stingy in terms of money, due to which he has a substation, life steering, government job, opposition, opavat, and prone to corruption, why does that happen and you people are at home.  This is psychology to listen to because you feel that I have given everything, what have I got and that society will make you feel at some point or the other, your family members, is n't it that you are engaged in this for 2030 years and He felt like a stalled horse, then finally comes from a stage, his wife says what about us because you don't have money sense, you have to invest that much because you don't have focus there, your entitlement starts at the end of time, then this  It's like using a government car is like that, well, I work 8 hours a day, 14 hours a day, that's it, even if you are in a private job, it's like you carry some office stuff or anything like that.  Give me an example, I am not painting everyone, but I talk about this energy and this powder, as they say, let me tell you, so that you can understand what I am telling, but I am telling you about the thing, Rasgulla is your favorite among sweets.  Have you like share school I am telling everyone that I am fasting for Bhavana, I have kept 6 sweets in front of you, I have also kept Imarti, I have kept cashewnuts, Katri Lagdi, Anjeer Barfi and  If Rasgulla is also kept, then when Rasgulla comes and other sweets, they look at the Rasgulla, the feeling that comes from inside, what is that feeling called, what to put in it, man becomes prone to feelings, after stage four number one, he reaches a special place and position.  If you go for correction, his pimple is that he has given too much in his life, these are the classical people, I will tell you as a joke moment, I am telling this from a lot of experience, these would be those people  That when they are caught in corruption, neither will it happen to them, nor will it be a joint organization, it will not give them punishment, that it will come to them brother, it was expected from you and you were given a punishment because you might have married, that is the character of Amitabh Bachchan, is n't it?  If you have seen that in the movie, the one who robs the bank in three nooses, Dead Sales Detroit, I want to do the energy can way with examples so that this does not happen to you.  So please do n't go ahead with this thing, you are busy like a donkey because no boss, no organization can give you more than a limit, ca n't give you everything, then which side do you go, let me give you an example of the picture.  One was Amitabh Bachchan's picture in which Akshay Kumar is also there, Paresh Rawal is also there and the third one which I cannot remember and he used to work in a bank. Amitabh Bachchan was fired from there because of his energy. Idealism that even their organization is not able to decide. Many a times, there is a boss who has more sense of ownership in his company than the employee. Okay, if the boss has suffered as much as Remedy has suffered, then I hope he is understanding the energy and he is No, I am not saying this here and I have said corrupt, a person becomes prone to corruption, only that person can do it, who has got four chances to reach the position and reach that position.  He works very hard otherwise he will get a chance, he will get a transfer, I told the rest of the numbers, don't give me the post, tell me clearly, there is some curd in the job, I know that his focus is somewhere else, the whole game should be energy and focus, he is our friend, only there we can sell him.  I had told that in the material as well, I am telling you here also that the thing that we remember in the number four, which is our sprint, is our witnesses, and it was also told under our old stores that the same knowledge and the same Ravan.  arrogance of  The person who became his front and his business money, if the same person dies, we should not give up our strength but do not let it become a weakness. I am successful in explaining to you here that this is a very subtle thing in life.  I have to be a little romantic, give time to my wife, if I have a wife, then I have to give private time to give time to my husband, here it is like the number four duty in the relationship. If there is a wife, then she should wear very sexy clothes.  If Rizhana does this, take great care of your appearance, then it is good that you have improved. Even if your husband says you are poor, I am telling you this openly, without any shyness, so that you people can take a deep message, so that the children should get up and do the work, do the work, do the job, do the office.  I have to go, I have to work, then mother, now I have to do this, I have to do that, this and that will happen, whatever will be their Friday duty or will be their husband's duty, they will do it, they will cry, this will do it, the rest will be very good, whatever they say. Do the same thing, cream is coming, you cook food, you do it, you will make it, stop it, but if you make it then it is right, what do I know about duty and that sense of duty, decision, there is not even leave from the husband, or if she is busy with duty, she will do it, but what happens, isn't it?  Every man is doing his duty. Should n't a man need emotions? It is good to say something, he should press all the motion sensors, he should show some emotions, he should tell, he should tell in his family, his duty should be revised. That it is a part of life, it is not a part of the percentage of life, so for the job which is work, you should pay 30-40 cents, Kabir Widely 20, but these people give 80, I can't get it done at 20, you parasti.  Please come to forty-fifty, you have got all four numbers and start thinking a little about money. If you want to build a house, then you have to invest in mutual funds too.  Children also have to be set up, please know about that because their investment of four numbers is so dead, I have seen someone else, see if I have research in real estate, please tell me if it is two or not, for you people, if 10 people are found stranded.  If there is iodine and number then all one or two will get four number five. If he goes to this play store from number four then it must be himself or his husband or his advisor. If anyone is trapped in this Totke channel then it will be four number.  of money Don't take too much advice, take advice from them, how is the work done, no matter what department it is, any thing and four ministers, there must be a doctor, brother, I can't think of any such doctor, the doctor will not even drink tea, that is, drink tea and  If a patient comes, he will throw it away, even if the lights are on, you knew that even though he is a government doctor and someone like him, he is also a human being. Okay, he should wait for a while, I haven't had a single biscuit or tea since morning, so these four US Parliament duties are too much.  so what if it is  Is this good or bad? The video has become quite long. Are they good for the person they are helping and the one who is in his family? They feel that they will come for a few registries and do their duty and will go away. There is no pause with the family.  The family is not able to enjoy them very much. Employee porn is the rings vs. Delhi. Daredevils have a chest at work place. They go on bicycle because they do not get that much value at home. Job  But if you get it, then it is not an egg reaction, so today it was for number four that brother, you have a job and you do not get it at home and the reason why you like the job is also that by doing as much work as Abbas, you are getting your wife. By doing this, you start having a lot more fun. Four and four keep you busy in marriage. Four and keep you fit in marriage. Of course, there is something else too. I will tell you about the compatibility when I tell you. I was getting divided by four, but it will be fine, but after seeing 4 and becoming two,  came back  So by now you have understood that the numbers are dear, for example, the date on which one is born will be the milk number, which will be on the 2nd, the 20th, on the 11th, or on which date the progress will come, then 2 11 20 29 will be the number two.  He got emotionally shut down, very much, it will increase by 4, so okay, okay, understand, how did you guys like it, there are more videos in the same detail because they will be made in the same detail, because I have told you a little and they will be made separately.  There is an infection from the example that brother, the basic thing of yours is this, what is the difference between you, like seven numbers were defined by families, okay, so it is related to the families of every person, as you understand, every number is a car and it has a fuel.  That fuel is different and that cannot be changed. Hmm, we can see that as you come together in this, America is the fuel family, there is a work of number four, similarly everyone is different which drives us. Hmm, we can't change it but we can try to get maximum mileage from it so that the car does not get damaged so that we know that it is our turn and the rest is done by Prithvi. Send your four numbers and let us know. Send this to my wives to my friends. What kind of nonsense is this that after a long time of being together, I made this with fear, lest I deviate from people's sensitivities because we are here to help, okay?  But I did not enjoy that because I do n't even have a mosque, here I have a wrong part in your life, he has to do more infections, whatever is good, that is good, they are darling of worker phone number is meaning I, if someone Make an organization of your own, I will keep only four, I will not keep the number in Ma's because I want all the Uthappa, right, I am coming one, I will keep the drop, I only need to go till the send. No, if my manager is number four and my working person is recharge number, all this is state, these officers are dangerous, number four is present, it doesn't matter, if you have to do Ghaghra work, then you would have subscribed and left, I will not go into it too much, then people will say.  By making it positive by making it relative, because the world is also like that, half the cup is good, it is okay, so this day, test wickets, goodbye history, British PM David, my deposit, share it, a little, I too, in my power, you will be my wife, this friend will be my husband. Give me my feeling, and my request is number four, increase it a little Venus, increase your Venus, make it feel a little massage, put a little glow on the face, it should come fast, okay, after doing the work, apart from doing it, these are the four numbers.  There is a beauty of note, normally there is great beauty anyway, a person remains happy from within, that too is an extraction, a person remains happy and attracts, that Bigg Boss of number four comes, that non  That element has happened to me in a little space, wake up the element also, okay so you will attract them with different banner and yes bell icon, it has done the same, if you still have questions then put it in the comment section, please share it with me, if you have not subscribed the channel then do so.  Lena please like the video thank you hey a