Hello friends, a very unique concept which I would like to give from the example of Gurgaon real estate to those people who are making mistakes in property selection and would like to give them quarter native choice, so let's start the video with the example of Gurgaon real estate which is also applicable.  On this template in applicable in only sold city here in cyber now I have many jobs you know you can find a job in one place  Let's you're working and justice and rights and it's working listen to these chords avatar job do n't know you want to regret you want to buy property paper property subscribe budget the second thing that it's going to be like this [music] subscribe and hogi to 110 solution like Subscribe Tu Budget Behind Secret Interesting He Last Very Long Which Will Give You Traance Which Will Create And Sorry Ult You Only He  The main problem is that my brother goes away from me towards the children's school. If you people, I am going to tell you the solution for this today, 2030 Next Subscribe Property Subscribe It is not necessary that I have bought it, then I will go there myself.  We have to live, this solution is not being found, the question is not being solved, we cannot buy, we do n't like the property but still we have to live, so let's see the result, we are buying this also, it will also have a price in this city. Take a sample of your pick city Gurgaon and tell me the felt price with you and will that I have my house in a small city, then I will go to Rita's house, I will stay in a big city for the rest of my life, I will see the shape of a big city, I will see the growth, I will see the issues, I will stay there and now when this  The issues will be further resolved and they will start coming to small towns, then I will go and live in small towns, so neither war against them, nor you get money, nor you get your own house, then these children are making a lot of mess in this. Dene ki bhai aap in these directions understandable for years kids school late and your job give remedy news live with this post Shegaon varshi facilitation like Delhi Jha office pe samaam here and living people meaning because that's the whole thing for the beginning in the office and in the metro  It is not like this in Gurgaon, so wherever in your office, Constitution 500 meter deep residential apartments and facilities update is a bit of a challenge to one's mind.  That has to be done and it may be different for you, maybe there is a little pain here and it is found here, but it is there somewhere, it has been there somewhere, somewhere it is getting zinc, here you have to save the income tax of your Acharya, this is the rent of the wife.  There are many ways to name it, that's fine and here you will get Capital of Recession. Next Tamarind Old Society which was formed in 1975, it has been 25 years, 28 years has capital in it.  Appreciation doesn't seem to be happening much, people have high regulation because even if they go for redevelopment after 10 years, but if they know the hang and the sword, then the person is immersed in something witch, spring boot, I hope, this one training will help in your change that this  This is also possible and what will happen in four years, when the thing will be ready at the place where you are buying, the mode of transport, the infrastructure, whether it will come or go or it can come sooner in time and Vikram  Tennis letter is fine in university also when that airport taxi is running and that one is same and because all those works will be in big cities you know so in diet idiots also enter note to so well minute is looking so good but you will 5 minutes extra tourist places in not mind, ok, my child will get a job because if he wants a job only in this then you can subscribe to it, good space is available at the door of the company, so you have got something similar. Manufacturing is a good night. The chairs and tables that can be broken and taken away are the laptops. If you get it, then this company drops the time benefit of its enemies. Have you come here or have you guys understood it well? Thank you. u a