Hello friends, I have been preparing a lot for the video that I have brought today. I have been preparing a lot for many days. Now this video has become quite a strike. If I had brought it in the original form in which I wanted to bring it, then I would have made it for Modern Times.  It has been modified, let me search for all the things mentioned in it. It has its basis in the knowledge of our country which is thousands of years old, it also has some modern context, it is a mixture of many things and this formula is generation, so that  According to this, I have made it under what can be called a formula statement or sutra. I believe that if you watch the video carefully and try to implement it, then you will be able to take this test from here to here in your life. If happiness is here in your life then it will come here. If carat is here then it will come here. You have to watch this video like this, first watch it once in normal mode, if you like it then you can make notes for the second time. look at AIIMS  You can see how many of them are already living the concept and how many you can do easily. Some are going to be very low hanging which can be easily elemented and some will be a little bigger or bigger. Everything in it is relative.  If told in the form then I will wait for you the secrets of this old money construct which in our country two thousand years ago every person knew the normal things Meena and only then the country was a golden bird when it was said in the country  It was said that money is not everything, then there was salvation for many people, everyone had money, only after having something it can be said that it is not everything, then I will do 60 Piles treatment with my 225 formulas, you see how many.  How many of these do you identify with? How many can you understand? The more you can understand and implement this video, the more it will benefit you. I will try to explain things from my side and in this video I will tell you like this in between. You should adopt only those who are most important in your life and these dispatches will be random, it is not that the first one is the most important and the second one is less or some are more or less, you should think that give equal weightage to all.  And I will tell those who will be in the top five in between that this is my fact most, fourth most and my top most, so you guys will watch the entire video till the end. First First Fold Money Contact.  The family follows in which it runs, where it resides, is created, continues and lasts till the next generation. The biggest contribution in this is the stability of the word. This is being discussed in stability. First of all, stability of three things is required, stability of mind second. Stability of Marriage and Third Accessibility Physical Activity That both of you were roaming together, now cold water will be poured on the hot pan of many people who are in government jobs and if you kept roaming around.  You have to see that the G effect is 25 points. Whenever people are less, there is more sentence for wealth creation. If 5567 year constable tumor is found then you must have felt that the family is very green in that stability.  And in many jobs, this is my first hand experience of seeing people that after this stage, the wife gets repeatedly posted with her husband.  It is not like this in many government jobs, it is like this in state government jobs also, people will hold one place and then stay there for eight years, then stability is very important for marriage, you know that these people are second veg and money consult poly.  Family has understood the difference between knowledge and boost up. Today every person is going after knowledge, going after information and turns the day into knowledge, not going after the world.  What is the difference between knowledge and system? Know the difference of knowledge is knowledge as an example. Snowing till tomato is a fruit, vegetable juice, knowledge but with them, knowledge and not getting benefits that it is wisdom and what is the third thing which is rule Manikanth.  They'll Never Love You With Fools Because Din Not Schools Will Make Them For Two  Days standards and beat him with experience in English Hindi that this is his level and this is the level of old Manickam slippers of intelligent people. Now if they get scared in an argument with them then these people will bring them down to this level by making such an argument that now  These people have the most experience of living at this level because this is why they are here and these people have come to this level in every faction. Not intense penance because if they live then they will always be yes that these people never do such things account foods that completeness that tribulation in the family is nipped in were bad that there is any woman in them someone started in the house in Me Anil, fights happen over phones too, they can happen at a distance or even close, but whatever fight happens, these people end it right in the beginning and the cut off date of the test is today's inch. Also baby, if it is torn son, after today there is space, then there is no potato in the family, you cannot say this, two months ago, I did this, I already said this, I felt bad, whoever feels bad in the family, he is this 250  If a car race is to be done then it will be discussed whether the complainant is in tears or there has been some miscommunication or his ego or his thinking is wrong then whoever is the head of the house or the people in the house do that thing.  14 Father said something to daughter-in-law, son to Pramad, he said something, mother, sister, anyone said anything, it is told, there are many communication labels, I felt bad about your words, I will speak in these two translations, otherwise, whatever your own  Which is their chain of command in the family, this thing is addressed to them, this is a big factor that after that, people will say give the chips, do not fight in anything, the deposit was for.  I will tell you the info value. They do n't say while making this rate, reduce it, increase it, increase that rate. If the friend gets the thing, then he takes it. If he doesn't get it, then he doesn't take it. Then the point was, it's okay, he goes to hang out on Facebook, how happy he is, he doesn't show the thing, it's his.  They don't show happiness, they bring it, they have to go somewhere, if they go there, they will be happy, they will remain their own happiness, they do n't fit in with the world, they are of seventh grade, they are amazed with no connection, can't know, why didn't they spend money anywhere?  To buy anything at a distance, you can go to Yamuna Expressway and purchase a bag, if there is so much supply for a year, then you will not go there and buy things, you will buy things in the central operation, according to your capacity, more things will be available in the month of June. Generation will not be able to survive in that area. Eighth, this is very important, only my most important point will be that they are married in this community. Now people will say, Oh, you mean, you are doing this mode of thinking like this. So I will qualify it further, then love marriage with the community and the circle of account, it is mismatch marriage, I will not come when the team's children get married, check the son's prodigal daughter's will think about WhatsApp, if the partner will bring to the match. If it is a doctor then bring a doctor or if the doctor is not coming then there is a boy like this hanging dead body then do value addition, he is like an architect, what kind of atmosphere is there inside the house? So, those who bring a girl or a boy, bring them very carefully, there will be no mixed math couples and they teach this thing to the children since childhood that even if you want to love, then this is the qualification requirement you say, these people  That viruses rob children for 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 years that it should be like this, it should be like this and it has these benefits, there will be liberals too but  Do n't be stupid, this was the important point in the front, now let's not move on to the next day, Adventist friends barrier and those two don't rely upon one neck, also caught the same tail of the blouse, in that only mutual fund is the right way for me to earn money, friend this  Whether it is district or commercial, it looks at a lot of different things, let's do a slot, it is cup and difference and on its points which is very important for me. Point is the fourth important point. I had said that I will tell you five important points. This has to be done. Give you people know how to say no in any situation. End time list will not stick to this. Many people will say that this is a sailfish but its explanation is this.  Brother, you are the only one who wants anything from me, I don't want it, you have approached me and for some reason I do n't want to give that thing, it can be time, it can be anything, so in this I call it Sailfish.  What happened was that your requirement was not fulfilled which was for your silk. Eat, I did not do it and I will only present. He knows the definition of Sailfish very well and this heart knows how to say no and goes to see more. 11th point of the country only team is this. Notifications and ideals of what they think Increase self-esteem Depend on what they know in what day Do it well Verged in learning machine They have a lot of time to learn things Hobbies are any thing. Now jobs are like a quarter inch. 30.2 About four to five cents for the early death sentence. To acquire new skills, new knowledge, new learning. They do not feel stressed in spending money.  I spent my money, spent it on college, got a job, spend a lot of it on myself and whatever tips I am giving you, you may get this infection. Not that this is for business family, this is only for Marwari family, do not get confused with Bania family as Gujarati family, this is applicable for everyone, everyone can implement it in their life, you people, whom this thing like-  As it is understood, you people can do this, they do not lend money because they always have their own money, Chandragupta does not say that anyone will come, uncle ji and aunty ji.  I will also give two scenes to MS Word on interest. Make it clear that their own ROC is running at 18 to 20 percent. Return on tap implant says that then I will take it from someone else and if something is very needy or someone needed it then.  They give money on it, fearing that it will not be returned, it is necessary to give it to those who are very needy, if they get surgical strike, then it is fine to give it, but they will not give it like that, I have money that is cold, that means it is falling now.  I am not coming and Two five percent, first of all, you are the first, India is the first, you don't do these 17 things, just this morning, just like this, this fact and you guys too, I think if you apply this thing in your life, it will be very good, do n't beat it.  Distract that money is earned by luck and lost by stupidity. The day we understand this, April will start being created in our life. Innocent Vikram Lucky will be drowned. Lot of research and a lot of uno. Gulab Reaction Qualification of the Association Understanding everything increases their luck but they know that the money that will be lost will be globalized due to stupidity Vinod This bag pack sixteen does not keep plastic in the house Rahu is in close loop Plastic is adopted a lot  If you have all these awards in your house, now the bath back is plastic because we cannot understand many things and there are many things, you will ask people that what we can avoid is that we kept a lot of waste plastic in our house.  It happened that people have also climbed up in the old evil powers which they are not using, then if you can reduce this thing, my 16.2 is, what were the settings, as if the opportunity came to make the auspicious time of their bell icon, the house became  It is 350 for 200 people, we invite the members of our family, 510 people, the Interpol house, father, mother, child, grandparents' square, absolutely every person's family.  After attaining your salvation, 1015 people are dealt with in that. Do n't show them to anyone else that this car of ours will come, this has come to our house. Don't make so many achievements that we believe in it or show it. If you people also do this, then yours too.  Ten-fifteen-twenty houses will start forming because we go to only one so much that after that the universe does not allow us to do anything else and there is no need to address the IS address as ATM is this point.  This is a very important point that my husband has shifted right from the bottom to the third most important point. Look at that money is just f-35 types of money does not make you a good person a bad person. If a donkey has a lot of money then it is a big danger if he has a lot of money. If he is a good person, a religious person, does something, does good work, if he gets a lot of money then he will do more good work, that's why I tell all the good people who consider themselves good to think that we are the best in the world.  are good for your  That's why everyone is lacking in good. If bad people become galleries then there will be no improvement in the world. Good people will become rich only when they are families and institutions. Rupa, this was a very important point that a 94th corporate holds a meeting at their home.  Weekly Monthly - If you are away, do it on WhatsApp, do it on some other platform, do it on Microsoft Teams, whatever the situation, hold meetings on those platforms and discuss what is happening with the property, what should be done.  The family will get suggestions from everyone and after seeing someone's input, they will connect with someone and there is collective decision making, there is a lot of fun in it because always asking how are you son, how are you, everything is ok, you will study, no family goes ahead because of this, it is very old.  The concept is end in this, ladies are also fully involved, ladies get a lot of respect in the houses, this is my 4th most important set from the bottom till 2030.  The top second most important point is the huge print of cotton sand of Root and Mills, expert stars, these people do not eat their lunch at 2.5-3.3-4. That the boss is taking a meeting to depend on someone, I have more importance than anyone, the point is coming that I can eat, you can never become rich, but people say that we have compulsion, every time, whenever.  If there is poverty then there is helplessness. The biggest problem of the poor is helplessness. If there is helplessness in life, then I will tell you all about this breakup. This is a very big point. I have to eat food at dead o'clock. I don't need any doctor's certificate to show you.  Tell my boss that I will eat on a date. No matter what happens, I will be able to keep my feet. I will go out and eat. I will go home and eat. I will go to my house at a distance of 2510 kms. But it is too big to eat.  Important This: We all are dying to eat hot food, those who work, work hard, to eat the ultimate basic food, if we cannot pay attention to food itself, then there would be a lot of it in this family or celebrity is tomato with Vitamin C.  There is diamond, there is buttermilk, there is papad, all this is not like this Masood, bring two rotis quickly, empty them while leaving and set the setting in the next meeting, you will come today dressed as five, what will you have in life? He is not going to reach anywhere when food is not used properly in his body, now he will find good clothes and good things in your skin loosening of BJP. 21st point is Hadith People know no one judges till the minute anyone in their house.  You do n't do it even though everyone says that you are doing your own work. Whatever you are doing will come before you. Who are we to judge? This is a very big nature. If we do this then it is very easy. People are not able to turn their back on the trust between the people. who says what?  Is everything visible, meaning, what are you wearing? This is a very energy setting discussion. 22nd point: Clothes will be normal pan, as the world says, own clothes for the world, but their underwear, vest, fennel will always be pitch, always almost new, clean and wash.  And there is nothing in them that is stained or the color has gone out because it is a big thing, this is the easiest thing for you all that brother, you should keep your undergarments of their own texture, it could be the outer clothes.  This happens not every day, clothes are not bought nor made, they are not dyed but the juice is touching your body inside, do not compromise on its quality. Whatever is your status, keep this one above even if you are in this status.  You can keep the clothes that you wear on the outside, but you have to keep as many expensive and good ones as you can wear on the inside, this is a trick, try it, many people have invested in it today itself, whatever you have.  Shoulders are not your good ones, check the negative ones by watching the fact DJ video only yesterday and buy a brand new one so that you will be able to wear it within the brand, if there is a confidence level in a person, then try this and I want to give feedback. Stick to this one and Cash 24 time waiting point, I will tell you that in their house the bus time is not known, so his grandfather born in 2016 also knows his overtime, we make water and see from there, I am just speaking in these terms of wealth. Okay, so you know that they knew that it is the value of depend, if you do n't know about issues like ours, then it's okay, you do n't know what can be done, then I used to keep going around my parents, it doesn't matter, if it does n't matter, then check yourself.  So, if you want to have children then you should at least know that it is very important. It is equally important to have these stem cells. Listen to me brother, this is your life force energy, it can be channeled into life. Wasting time and energy in life You can be saved by doing this, I will put someone in the prediction box, wear that first here, but it is very positive. You all have these times, please keep them safe and tell each other about their usage.  Will come and discomfort is not any ground 24th point 249 point Which is like someone got married in their house on the next day of marriage, Kapil left for honeymoon the very next day.  He used to show his face a lot, look here, his daughter-in-law, she is coming to his house, go to his house, call him, hello uncle, aunty, he is not the one from our house, good night, he keeps his family a little protected, those who take new members from him.  When the son-in-law comes to the house, he never gets any such feeling of unfamiliarity because his service team is good, he says why sweets from his time which will make him feel so relaxed in the beginning of the next day that  Will make Dhamakko so good that he will also put his life force energy into the family. Whatever family it is, he will put energy into it, then just a few more C's in it, then it's so nice. This is a very important hunter and the most important point.  The point is that if you are a subscriber to my videos and you keep watching, I promise this video is being shot in March, in March 2018, by March 2018, there will be a lot of change in your life.  The difference will start coming, don't look at them in a very very positive environment at all, but there should be 50 million subscribers in the world who just show their likes that I was from here, this is my child and people are watching, so I will say for them that he  They are doing something bad but I want to tell people that if you watch IPL, you will see Virat Kohli or you will see this kind of fasting, then we will be here only for you, you have seen the cricket match, India has won.  So that ad on Hotstar in 10 minutes, you see that ad, its highlights of Fifth Class City will also remain, don't listen to the result, look at the match, look at the price and I will find out the result and when it is over, then you can see it in 10 minutes.  Do n't know the result, so excited, told you in full that sixes have been hit but time is not passing, your M- Slip is full, thanks, you are looking at the website, Mano DM Kabir, if you want to enjoy, then even in 10 minutes.  You can tell the result, the match is over, now you want to watch the match, how did you like this video and my request is, please share it in your own way, give feedback and I am thinking of some more videos like this, I will bring them in future too, thank you.  You