Hello friends, I want to address the women in this property purchase season, so if you are a husband or a son, then give this to them too and you should learn this thing. A big trend is coming out in my consultation where mothers and sisters have a Best is Veto. They say ok brother, buy a house. Kitchen is small, rooms are small, I want bigger one, so I am an expert in that. All four are very important. Deep video. Many people purchase this property in this season. Greater Noida, Noida.  Or are they going somewhere in this direction, are they coming from some other place, Vinay Shahar, where they are getting the thing of big size, this is very wrong, their sons, their husbands can travel as much as they want, that woman in the office has nothing to do with it.  They need their own house, very good and big, because they have to stay inside the house all day, they neither need to do networking, earn money, nor go to office, meet anyone, nor do they have to get pushed in buses, nor eat in cars, nor do they understand the direct meaning of petrol money.  I wonder how much it costs and the husband  Poor guy, he is a clutch gear clutch person, letter clutch and by doing that, his legs have become solid like this, okay, nothing to do with it, he should just have a bigger kitchen, he should be a little bigger and he should have a relative, a girlfriend.  He is having too much of it because the eggs are wrong because of the time the family travels, the pressure doesn't come, the networking happens, the job eventually happens, then the child slowly goes on the path of getting into trouble with the women in the good city, that is the central place.  The compromise that you have kept in your mind for this period of time is 16 to the self- controlled temperature controlled environment and the environment with degree Celsius will require 200, that do not just go to this decision that the woman and many times and the woman's job of Rs. 3000 and all the property.  Tax decision is deciding the job of Rs 40000. Big decision will be taken by subscribing.  So subscribe, we have to respect women, we have to do everything, but for women, you have to watch the video, you just wake up early in the morning, prepare food, take clothes, take care of the house, subscribe is not enough and subscribe like this and do all that.  A lot of women take a lot of care behind the housekeeping thing, the root word, sorry, subscribe, okay, that's not what you need to take, you needed it when the kids were young, when they've grown, if you're 40, and the kids are 12, 13. 14 years old It's gone to content Please do something and movement during come welcome You will be able to avoid property Paper property and please subscribe Coastal networking You zoom in a dad society Paying for maintenance There are meetings and fights Such situations In the meantime you can't become rich even by sharing shares.