Hello friends, One Mistake Beach New Home Buyers in Gurgaon are doing, we will discuss that if you are looking to buy a house in Gurgaon or have recently bought one, then the video is for you, especially for the people of Delhi or from outside who are in Gurgaon.  Those who want to invest practically do not live in Gurgaon because those who live in the village will have some idea of ​​what I am talking about but those who are investing from outside, they do not get it then I don't know.  You must watch the video till the end, you are going to gain a lot of knowledge in it. The mistake that Gurgaon is making is that Gurgaon is just a word and is being implanted in the mindset that if Gurgaon means anything then it is the same horse and it is being compared to Delhi. Like you say, if you want to take it in Delhi, then in Delhi you have to take it in Najafgarh, if you want to take it in Greater Kailash, if Karol Bagh is Pritampura SIM, then Delhi is so much.  Variety is done, then when we say Pro Remix in Delhi, at least we say this, West Delhi South Delhi was not the least, for this we say this much, then after that we will say that from there, take it in Patparganj, let us take it in Kidwainagar.  If you want to take it in different Ravindra Nagar, then people are not entering the village like this, so today I want to tell for everyone's information that you should divide Gurgaon into seven-eight parts, first of all the rates of each.  What is the link of it will be discussed that it is like water, it is taken from it and goes into it and how in a way it is not used but bank rate is fixed free market economy and capital economy and things are bought on demand supply Patel that  I will tell you why the last bit is happening, it will be very interesting. First of all, you see there is an area in Gurgaon, Golf Course Road, you know that, then Golf Course Extension, that is a different story, a call for soil.  Then Old Gurgaon Job or 21 22 23 Sector Palam Vihar is your Sector-45 along Railway Road 14 Sector Atul Kataria Chowk Shitala Mata and there is an option of 5th kilometer along which the population of Gurgaon is 11 to 12 lakh and then your Dwarka Expressway.  In that too, your couple is in Dwarka Express near Delhi, which is a little less than your 101 sector 115 tractor. Lower Dwarka Expressway comes, then you go to New Gurgaon area, then you go to Sona Arora, then you go to Sona, which is sorry because now since the flyovers have been connected, it is 20 minutes from Rajiv Chowk. If you consider Rajiv Chowk as your center and make a circle like this, then the distance of 20 minutes to 25 minutes which is the travel time of Gurgaon is covered if you are going somewhere from Rajiv Chowk.  And if the above thing is time more than minutes, then it is not Gurgaon. It is too good. Take heart of Rajiv Chowk Gurgaon. You think that it is from Madhya Pradesh, India. So, distances and times from there are there and people present there are mistakenly saying that it is 25 minutes.  Which area will you tell me, that too because of the flyover underpass in the coming one or two years. General, whatever work is going on, it will also be done in 20 minutes. According to me, it will be around 20 minutes. 1517 minutes is fine but you can consider it as 20 minutes. We will not do extreme sperm count nor will we do the maximum ejaculate like 20 on Sunday at 12 o'clock in the night. We will not do that either. We will go with a normal average because in this  Many people said, Oh I am the champ, there is a lot of construction and traffic jam, you are not talking about that, okay when she became a flower and moved away and opened up and people went up.  If you are going from Mumbai, then that time will be less. Okay, your hero is Honda Chowk, which is connected to every place. It is being built at Umang Bhardwaj Chowk. It is connected to your Dwarka Expressway. First there was the syrup Dolatabad flyover and then that big one.  The flyover has been built, now Hero Honda Chowk is going to be there, this is the only one, underpasses are proposed at three-four places, so in the next two-three years, all the connectivity and all this will be very good, now you can see it at the price. Now a little interesting, Dwarka Expressway, take two officers in the Dwarka Expressway and whose works, take it in the press, then people will feel that the rates will increase, because call here, as of now, there is no effect on Dual, but I don't know when it will happen, so many days.  He is saying no, there won't be even one more year, the date has also happened, Reed was going on, some people were taking some, some were not taking and at that time porn from schools, she is very good in fact, the road is small, every day it is  Show, show and Bhai Sadho project should come out at that rate, this is it, Dwarka Expressway is good, the whole game is money, it is better than God, everything is worth giving a price, this is the market, a thief in the market, this is wanting to run a head of valuation.  Due to which you understand in the share market that if good news is coming then it is not complete yet, it is just news for these 6 minutes, then the market price starts increasing and the share market remains in the desire for more. Slowly and smoothly, there are two things in real estate which everyone seems to understand, then the faster one runs, the rates of New Gurgaon, do you know what are the projects that are coming and the projects that are open on the basis of qualification? You know what he will hit, I will make a video and that too will be very good, but today I am telling that when the rates increase in one place, the value starts appearing in other places, then people run from here to here like here.  some units and These people can increase the rate and then world devotion will go somewhere else. Now what is the latest thing which I have not told till now, which I have told in the beginning, after all the horses' house, that is your next thing. 76777 806 You have not heard about this till now.  The stories of the area were not told, now you will see their story, the project will be released in Assam, now the value will be different here, people will be okay, so now because the rates that will be charged, the regrets of the project here are the rest of you.  The area where he has missed the chocolate syrup will take a little breath as per the time correction in the cooling down. Okay, now he will run here because there was a lot of it. Price History of India Any wish product would have been a small product, if you take shampoo also  You will buy means you will also buy toothpaste, there also price pleasure is very important, okay small things i.e. the ticket of this plane, the ticket of this flight at 6:00 in the morning is less than that of 5 o'clock in the morning, people say  I will wake up early, my 1500 rupees will be saved, okay, so India is a very price history market, you all know that anywhere we will get a discount or a lower rate on anything, it will be available even a little, our country is fine, we mean you.  For example, when we buy a car, we ask for security in it and for that we ask for simple things like safety etc. If it is not there, then how much mileage will we give in it, okay, for free, we will make Hanuman ji sit in the car, okay  It will increase by 6, okay, but we need a car, how much messages does it give? Okay, so I will make a video on this plan to make Indians talk about this hot process and there is no condemnation in this, but how can we even think about it? We should know my friends, I should know what people think, some investment is nothing but anticipating, also anticipating of mothers, what are the rest of the people anticipating, first anticipating this is kept.  It is okay and you can take it even higher. Okay, if you look at the price, it has gone up by Rs 18,000. So it is nine thousand rupees, now it is the latest new launch for nine thousand rupees per foot. I am telling you that it is new. Around Gurgaon, they went behind their backs and there are things available in it in the resale phase, but now you have to see what are its specifications, what is its density, what is the plastering, plus where will that money go immediately. You have to pay 85100, that money will be spent in two years, so if you adjust the interest, then if you adjust the interest of 55100, then Shravan will get 6465, which he has not had since childhood, because it will have to be done in a month. Okay, so only his money will be in it.  People, but you have to see that his operation is going on. Subscribe to the video. If you want, please do so in the comment section. But one simple thing is that As much as I have told you that Lower Doab School is also coming on this 0608 Dwarka Express, see this before I give you the confession, if you should invest this money as per the outside, now it is not because we are buying this Dwarka Expressway for our project.  If you want to buy then you have to see the validations that Khan is juicy Khan is value for money Where is the scoop to add N It is a real time dynamic share market So if you are told to buy a sacrificial gift Sushil If their top-15 good butts have left, then which one has not got cemented? To see which accused's stock is Rani Bagh, where is the date ending, where is the company's prospectus increasing, good news here.  Coming because ultimately note ban will buy cement factories and ultratech of brinjal particular topic, we will buy like this, we will buy Pooja's JK cement, which share to buy, similarly if you want to buy more torque then What is happening inside the Alto, Maruti's pair is visible. It is Mahindra, it is Tata, it has validations, so you cannot say with a single glass that the auto sector is good, so I am all from the share among them and so. If you fit motorcycles etc. in the sector, then I will buy all of them, then you may find that in the auto sector, the voice mail companies that make cars may be more than the lion, there is Jyoti in it.  Validation is that the investor never binds himself. He takes decisions according to the real-time dynamics of the situation. And in real estate, he does not vary so much on a daily basis as he does in the share market or on a weekly basis.  Here also quarter to daughters thing is changing, any new launch is coming, in some area that pickup pricing is coming, its payment plan is there, at that time people say, oh man, it was the same one.  The one who left earlier, now goes towards him, brother says, the rate has increased by ₹ 15, the portrait has increased by ₹ 2, then the man says, it's holidays, then he says, it's not that good, but take this, let's wait for some more, what's next. Brother, you will get something expensive in the future and you have to understand the rates that there is a payment plan and the game is being played according to this also, that ultimately many investors like me say that if they want to ask for any product then it is theirs.  All-inclusive but on the square feet in which your IDC IDC GST is divided by all the chances, the rate which is obtained, people still go by the ticket price, this is one crore, one crore, 1.25 crore, one crore, one crore, 10 A squad of part now she was watching this and inflation is happening what is this information in which song ₹ 10 guest 100 grams then that ₹ 10 ninety grams of fennel bus eighty grams  Seventy grams of 19 feet 10's weight becomes 75 grams, if its rate is increased by Rs. then the size is increased due to swine flu which is happening everywhere and this is happening in real estate in a manner that people are not able to understand, then it is Gurgaon.  When you approach the market, know that it is a small town and the market is similar in the entire market, you will find variations across the product.  This is a different location, the buffer spread here ranges from a little Rs.7000 to Rs.18 thousand, that is in this product. If you are pure investors then it is okay and not towards end users, then get as low a ticket price as you can get, that is.  Better fix: The population which is coming tomorrow, those who live on rent or those who want to buy, the smaller the ticket size, the better will be the benefit. For example, let me tell you that a  Emotional, you want that I am going to make a statement, there will be no 2BHK in the upcoming premium project, there will be no AC, two tier and support in the upcoming premium project. If you don't want to understand this, then please write 2BHK below, then some story is so life is being looted. No one is making videos like this, everyone is making their brochures visit the site, I am not for them, subscribe, take us home, pick up your car, eat, I am making you do big decision-making. I am making it happen at the thought process level, make it happen at the intellectual level, please share the video, like the video, if you have not subscribed to the channel then do two-three more things, I have to tell you more, but without this, do whatever you want, and if you start telling it to someone, then the video is too much.  Becomes tall but a little bit, two rotis are fed, satin is fed, then it gets digested, then after getting linked with it, it comes 2BHK Mix Productions Nau Because Don't Want To Come In Any  Want to know about future premium project why does not want to come? Brothers and sisters, please write 2BHK. See you in the next video. Then you will know that 2BHK will be there in the premium project in the coming time. Is there any logic of Rajput, it is enough to speak only.  Is Not Coming This Statement Which You Will Release And Trees In Six Months But Here's What Real Estate Educators Want To Tell Me Your Audience And I  This is a statement to the subscribers but if you want to know why this is not happening then please write 2BHK below. Thank you.