Hello friends, the topic of real estate is that one factor which people are not monitoring and will be responsible for booming real estate scenario in few years to come especially one systems definitely add that will continue to be one such factor. Can you read and post and write now?  You are buying a lot of ads in this Narayan, there is no relation in this or the answer is right, the couple will live separately because now after marriage, they will live separately from their parents.  That is the quantity fiber region, which I am telling you, you can check the quantity fiber, you can reset it very easily, we do not have any date yet, how much are you taking, this is happening, then you are pasting it, okay.  What is inflation bond and definition and how much is it and what is the effect of what I am telling you is very very dangerous. It used to be ₹ 70 per doctor's appointment a year ago, now it has become Steven further.  996 This is also not a region, okay, all this Harrison, but one sack today, Sopore is disappearing and that you are rotten. Examples of market and forested market, I will tell you what is that region, will you gas, do this, let me post it in the class, get it written.  Okay, so that I too like it, and honestly, I told you the answer right here, then you are typing again, okay, there is no farming in it, British time is your gas right, I don't.  It was also known that what is the orientation that what is that one recent Anushka Backbone I will tell in Srijan, the bonus result which I will tell further is also intangible, cannot be cross checked, cannot be cross checked, one can just think that this will happen here till  By then its data will be available in 4 5 6 years and brinjal. The thing I am telling is a very complex thing, there you can also check it with a sent servant, I mean in a minute you will know the thing which is required.  The fabric is going to move forward, so run away, you people know what is happening to the people, what is happening to the other things, that one single prison is that across the rent rains are now going, you tell me this latest, what I tell, 3 months  Later, if you can publish in the newspaper then the things which are going to be published in November and which will come after writing and I take the ideas from myself, I am a credit journalist, I take the audio, take good things, stick to it and write after 3 months, that is also good.  Because if you write after two days, it will seem that I have made a video after reading Vertical Power, but what will happen in 3 months, then all my work will have been heard in it and then it comes in the newspaper, then I feel good that you two-three  You should have minute knowledge, absolutely everything will be gone the next day, then if you do not know about the updates, then friends are increasing, why and how and what is happening, I will tell you, at the time of cold, they were solved late, good for example, Hello from a big city.  If you take it, there were 100 people and those who lived on rent, I will also talk about the aspirants, I will talk about appointment, stay connected, 100 went with one message, raids were done and most of the children went, those whose children were in school, you are sick. Used to be that they were not able to go so soon, they cannot go with all their luggage, but the part of two suitcases is desired, it is a matter of fact that a lot of people had gone, so these 60 went, a lot of work from home has been going on.  After that, the award was last, in this there is a different type of entry, different type of people, they heard your different type of new job, Commissioner, Kiss Lok 40, who were those people next in your Flipkart deposit, in this level, this is a different real job which you see physically.  Those things are happening which means work from home cannot be done, if you want something to deposit at home then a boy will come and see the girls will do it, you will have to live there in Kota and live in pain but I cannot give it, you will have to come here.  So, with these very new jobs, which jobs are you getting now? There are less jobs than this, the people who have come now are moving towards 130, then 100 to 120.  Coming from the side, there is a fight here, kill in PGBT in small houses in 60 yards, all these bonds, friends, now started increasing and the princes who are from below are increasing and the friends who are above. Those will also increase and then what happened in it, when the likes of friends decreased, then what did people do? He used to live in 2BHK and when work from home started, he was getting the same rate as 2BHK. Story: He was getting 3BHK in between.  Now the 2BHK message is gone again and it seems whatever you understand is mine again because once again what is the reminder for us, the thing which we get used to once, but then consider it as standard. It feels loud going down, so if you take a Desire, you feel scared while sitting in a Pushkar suite, Vicky looks small, you go into her memories, it feels like if you go in a car like Creta, or in any other car, the noise from below gets erased.  It seems like this is a reminder that if you travel in a two-tier train, then in this free seat, you feel that if you put the seat well, this fold in the middle is also hanging so that it will not fall, we are right or logically. Because you are sitting inside the second permanent flight, those who travel in this one cannot join two and three, like those who travel in first class in the plane, can go in business, those in business cannot go in economy, those who travel in used  If it happens, the Islamic person will ask what is his waist, I left in three hours, it is not that the plane for first class ticket will be cooked earlier and I will reach late, Jat said, it is better to do a satellite, it is okay, the door is open.  Let's go first 15 seconds 2 minutes ago Utarle Bhatia got the table for that 20131 world Whatever is the change of class depending on the distance then it is fine but once it comes then only as they say film stars will go this boiled news today live  Life style, when there is no money in front of the movie, then it is completely depressed and people go because I am a vanshdhar student front of but when you can address will go if you are fine then add time was stage  Parents will book patience na late hai then demand i rates is the real in this rumor property price of speculative can speak these things crores of debt that is your speculation in this as much as you have removed builder you are taking it so late but rented a  Realistic and natural thing when you go to society, you will ask no current, how much will you say? 25000, if someone got a good withdrawal done, then 27, someone will get a little bit.  So there cannot be 23 flats of the same type in the same society, there is not that much difference between Rs 25,000 and Rs 50,000, there is a slight difference, you know the difference cannot be more than plus or minus fifteen percent, so that rent is real. A person is paying in actual, every month it is late, you can make a matrix of an adult by putting it in the universe of three percent and that the rates are increasing, this phenomenon is because when the rates  If the price of the property increases, then it is not possible that the price of the property does not increase, only then this is the one they tell, tell the health in the calculation, when the descendants speak, then they comment, like I am on my second channel, finance on 1144 writ, if you have not subscribed, this is my second character.  There is Ridak channel, please subscribe to it, there are many such things in it, it is more about fashion, it is more international, I am not a good bye against real estate and related.  Questions will come, if you have to use both in this soil, then what will the equity people say that if it is two and a half percent then what is the benefit of investing in real estate, like my brother friend can get 27 cents and also 110 percent.  I took Janakpuri by default in 1999, so I took Dalna, now its rate is Rs 4 lakh per annum, so it is 150% more, but it also has a price, why did I take it now, I had taken it then.  So I will talk to my friend, I always got rent in the beginning at three, sent ventilators from three thirty to four to five minutes, you tell me, you have increased it, okay, you have commented and you get five percent return, then you  5. If you find that you have started getting more money, then you will tell me ten or fifteen. You will also say a little that this Android of mine has increased, so today 's direction of that acid is there, I will make the redemption accordingly.  You don't have to do Kara Vyas, but in the investment of you to understand, no one will ever tell you this calculation that in real estate, that child will get eight three cycles in a year, the eight year old of real estate has increased by one, has been deducted or the normal one has increased.  If it is cheap then there is wealth in it, so always tell the pensioners that they have been roasted and you get three percent, the reader gets four percent and you will give that much to Vishal, by doing all this they get confused. Okay, I have made some videos.  You guys can see this, I will keep making it in the future as well, but when the prices are going to increase, then the property prices are bound to increase and the bold gender is that there is a formula that ultimately you have every right that if they go anywhere, then towards three percent, that they will never go up.  It did not happen that you are getting eight percent in the front and you can buy it today for Rs. 6065. The price of the property bought 5 years ago has increased. If you ask, the rent will always be around three percent of the property but only the front. If the price of the property will increase then you will have to pay the commission rate with, so that is the mean reason is always this, what do you do, I have hope in my subscribers career, you people have opened it, for my life, I write my references, all the people who are your friends.  Friends, while fighting for rent, there is no increase or decrease, friend, which big object has not been made of mine, how much was it before, actually call them on the phone and then keep going back and forth and no one of yours is there.  The under line is that Mussoorie 35000 gets 100% progress on it, these people live far away, if you are a landlord then you must be someone in the society, some people are like tigers in the park, it has just started, will you see but my  The work is first of all, the fastest one till date, the first tip is that this is such a grease worth one crore, if you want to increase it like this, then definitely talk to you, but talk about it, paint also increased, then stop there.  Iruntha is letting you take it, find out from him whether they are increasing in the society, how many were increasing in the serial, how much was there before, when was it, how much is it now, then what I tell you, the graph, whatever message came after doing this, you can Any thing from here is like this, neither has it made noise by doing this, but by doing this, this plate was up, this was going down, it has stopped going down, it has stopped being a platform, now it has started moving like this. India I am telling you Pan India every city  You will get different results in the micro market. In some places it has reached here by going like this, in some places it is Yoga, but this one which is not even the people of Ad New Shop because how has it been for a long time, so I will just say that I have come to this one.  Will quality you only because you have been doing it like this for a long time now, which is this one, this one has started, so these are early days but this video is for the help of and I subscribe this way state this thing is done please protect the list  cross  Check and tell me in the comment section that [ __ ] I just checked, did I feel this or was I the rapper myself and yes, my one is going to increase, this is going to increase for me and all the landlords and those who are listening to theirs are saying 5.  Increase cents by Rs. 10. What happens sometimes is that you live far away, you don't even know what is going on, you have n't even checked whether you are standing in the same society as you, you have increased the rent, otherwise you do one thing, tell the tenant till now.  What will many people say?  Whose team am I? I am not a consultant in any team of landlord and tenant. I belong to both and I am my subscriber. But I will tell you the trick. Only then you will know. Call your tenant today. Now tell me.  I am increasing your rent by five percent, he will say that this is a big thing, tell me what is increasing it, I have to increase it, I am forced, otherwise I vacate it, check, it doesn't vacate, now this is a bit powerful way to check. He will also know that the rates have increased, the rents have increased, those whom you have not increased in the last 3 months, whoever has not increased the rent in the last six months and my video Sandhya, immediately increase the cent percentage, check it, if you increase the rent then he will definitely  He was about to leave and was packing his stuff. Brother, it must be a mistake. I had heard it on YouTube. I was infatuated. Brother, please don't do this and keep me rolling in the comment section. Nonsense, foolish butch gives wrong advice, but if the cents of the planet are increased by 10 and it is increased and he has done the job, then he will say thank you, no matter how slow the network is, if he will roll, what will he do if it is wrong, then what will he do if it is right, he will increase the subscription and write good comments.  You will like the network, it is very less, okay, try it and those tenants who are listening, then listen, it is going to happen for you, it is going to happen with you, so see what are the options available to you, Khan, what have you to do, okay?  VRF cycle and this is the way to cross check. I don't Vikas, I am your man with Guru element, I do this in India, we are the number one real estate clarity Vrinda India. I treat myself like the teacher says, you check my question paper.  You check how your eyes are and I will tell you the ways to make things interesting. Whatever I tell you, you are happy. You live in Pune. You live in Bengaluru. Later, you live in Agra. You live in Meerut.  In Ghaziabad, Indirapuram, Vaishali, Panchkula, Delhi, Gurgaon, Noida, Greater Noida, I will tell Greater Noida that the games are over anyway, this advice is not for Greater Noida, okay, then follow your life, Greater Noida, Mahato Bhai, 38,000 flights are coming, okay.  If it is Noida, Greater Noida, it comes out of my mouth by mistake, I am Delhi Brett Lee, I remain silent, you people want it.  Is it Noida vs jaggery, okay, it keeps on becoming mine, every time it happens, be happy to me, I look forward to the shelter of you people, please tell me till Jalwa Block bus, okay, so Noida is yours only in Greater Noida, rest of the places are all  Applicable, take the name of any share, it is applicable in Asansol also, it is ok, applicable in Jalandhar also, applicable in Ludhiana also, whatever, I will tell you about the rent. Applicable  Try and see 255. So, in the last month, you have seen 5 to 7 minutes and how many people are coming. Write in the comment section, I am asking you to check the paper. Increase likes if you understand and like it here.  If you are fine and if it is not yours then it may be 2 % in some micro location and for some reason the job is according to some alternative, then advice on diet will be applicable in 90% plus jobs.  Till Subscribe This End Press The Red Turnover Going Up How Fast Window What Will Be Your Gift Monitoring and Monitoring Very Close Loop So it has been reversed which is called U-turn The car was going like this, now it will be like this so it is like this How far it has gone thus far, it will wander and that it will go up into space, now it will also wander, it will not be a sacrosanct thing, absent this water and civil work and you are  Looking at the property price in isolation on behalf of the doing of the property priced meeting on Today People So this has increased so this has increased so much more and so much more can happen Oh so much property prices are increasing, you know that in the US by Google in New York Just look at the US New York rental market which is going up by 50 to 70 percent. We are 10-12 months behind that. New York is a very mature market. We will integrate our cities with Uttar Pradesh but Definitely ten twenty twenty five percent nowhere, this too in the next seven to eight months, we are going there 12 to 14 months ago, when they started catching fire in the price property angle, they were doing it at the same time, we started the court in India.  Waited that if we don't die, we are saved, everything is fine, children, after that we become a little careful, we activate it when we understand that something has been stolen, this property cycle that is going on is a job cycle. In the comparison of the rebels, 12 months behind, the rentals are on fire there, for the last six months, 5 minutes, four months, here it is beginning to seem that Bigg Boss is following the market cycle. Now check it in New York, where it was $22.  Normally, a central place in New York, where the gate in a Manhattan was 3000, the month's marriage was four and a half thousand dollars, the round of BHK is 480 and a half rupees, 3 lakh rupees.  Help in various ways, good to-do commentary, this is the video and in the best way, it is very good marks, why don't you follow this point, transparency here, brokerage of rentals, real estate workers, builders, government rules, meaning. You see, the total number of houses in New York is 36 lakh units, which people call apartments. This is 36 lakh 22 lakh rentals. This is an interesting topic which I will cover further if you want.  So when I cover, it comes that the investor who bought the 210 inch ratio is a very important tooth on boy dealer's place and jerk is taking this much, how much is the inverter taking because the one who comes on rent is not a human end user, right.  Is and which and drop itself will remain this is your 6 but cent people in your carpenter then he returns 333 this is that which this 3366 on six phone call Indians  It will be a subject of separate discussion but despite that, the market is so much and I will leave one more topic for another time. Range side will be able to buy a house in the future, that too is a region, so much miss cycle is going on, you have children who are still in school.  We are reading this, we will not be able to buy this house in college, anywhere, even if we put sugar in our mouth, we say sugar, when it is good, when it is bad, we say something else, okay, then why are we saying like this, by tightening our hair, we will work hard, we have brought them closer.  price that cannot be achieved even with hard work  The salary will be like this, the standard is 50-60 lakhs, do it as per your wish, if you don't have ITI certificate then the salary is 50,000, do anything as per your wish, if there is anything different, then tell me where I am, there will be a little more in Android etc. but if the day goes by somewhere.  If you don't have a big brand, then your salary is Rs 50,000, this is a matter of content, then discuss this also and write in the comment section, if you guys are okay with it.  This will also be the topic of my video, in this I will understand you very well that what you have to do, you have to do it accordingly, because Bittu and next generation also have issues, will not be able to please London, when you understand related, then you will get this result.  It will be very good to be a nurse in London. Your friends are the people living there. Their most worrying thing today is that they are home buyers who are dying and their children are not able to buy and live together so they are eating.  All the time, every parent is Indian, when India is the heart of everyone, it is for the children that people to get married, Awadhesh Singh took shelter, then the pricing is there, it has gone for 12 to 13 years, income or media, income or media.  He has income, his property is coming in 12 to 13 years of income, he is still living in India for five-six years, so I will make money on these things and you guys are enjoying the time very much.  Videos, I am getting to know Akshay, all the comments are there and a little more, force people to subscribe, increase 12 members in your family because yours, my marketing budget is fine, I just feel there should be more subscribers, it is fine, I do not do any marketing in it.  I am Ayushmann Khurrana's Vaadhoon A Movie, Congratulations brother, it is good, watch it, okay, I don't have the budget for the second one, marketing is okay, because I want an organic look, I am not like that.  I wish that I have subscribed, I have subscribed to those people who like my content committee, I know that my content will not be understood by everyone, so I do n't want to do much, there are many people who are my ghee while walking, you are going, say medico, it is mobile like this.  Slide it and that in the blot in the videos, there is no audience, so I subscribe like this, there is no use in cutting it finely, I want to subscribe only there, so my audience is my juice.  You will understand it. Okay, so if you are able to understand my words, then who are such people in your life who would benefit from understanding me or listening to me? I request you to please subscribe to such people, will you ever get them to do so too?  Growth continues, don't you like it? Thank you very much and get it written. Go write what will be made. Why do you like the content? And we will tell you about your subscription. Anyway, you guys increase it.  I am not refusing at all but such action is my job to ask thank you