Hello friends, you have to discuss this video in your family's tea discussion. You have to forward it to the family group and discuss its content. If the family is living separately, what is wrong with the investment in it? Young.  The generation which is older than them is making a mess, they also have to be guided, if they want to watch the video, then all the topics will remain within this, there will be different types of things, till they get interested, the young ones should definitely start.  Generation has started a job, they are getting confused, most of all they are thinking of going to Superior Investment, their accessibility anywhere, make them your base, this topic will remain, I do this, I am twenty-five-thirty years old and I am also into trading.  They are into crypto, they want to go into Not Possible Token, they want to pull a commercial, dad and mom gave them money, they got their retirement coin in their feet. Benefit came, he is also ready to get it installed, inside the commercial 2019 Apna Drag did not call, today I am going to tell you subscribe and what you are seeing is that of a person who has a portfolio of Rs 20 crore in real estate and someone has 10 in all investments.  Someone's loss is Rs 1 crore, someone's loss is Rs 5 crore and someone's loss is Rs 1 crore. The advice will be different. You have to understand that someone may suffer a loss of Rs 1 crore at the beginning of his investment journey. And he was not even going to take a loan of Rs. 1 crore, it was from his parents, so his life was not going to go anywhere, nothing was going to happen, B-200 was at zero in the beginning - Mark fell in love and the tension of a person was sitting on CRP.  It has happened that now if he gets a residence of one crore, then only CR gets special facilities like journey without tension and in this he will again keep taking care going on the journey for advice and consultation and discussion.  The point is that you first level your base, move your base up and hit 1234 CR. Investment in table places like young people are given devices, don't buy a house, first buy and sell a house, stability comes with it.  You will lose your job, something will happen to your body, something will happen in your life, you will not have to pay rent and children's school fees, this is the most painful thing, both things can neither be improved nor can be reduced, these are two things.  And out of these, do you know the school fees, there is no chance of that, so one thing is in your hands, the fare is told to many people, my video on Family and End vs. is very good, all the videos on YouTube about Rain vs By  Here are two of mine which are completely different and many people have shared that thing. If you have not seen the video then you must watch that video to see how the people present the calculations on the left side and what arguments I have given in that regard.  Versus  Balmik, so if you have a portfolio of 10,000, 15,000, 20,000 in crypto currency, you want to go, you want to play something, play the game because you have money to loose and to do grand, you do not possible tow, you do real estate for years.  Don't know if two cycles will last, if you buy Daloda painting separately then it is a lot of investment but you should start now and you will not want.  Food Base Building So It's Not Good Advice Any Person Lately Explosive Portfolio of NCR Puskas Annual Return of 6 to 7 Cents on That Portfolio Edit to Mix Frontal Properties One Teaspoon of Fennel F-35 Mutual Funds Different Topics by Doing it Differently at 67  The cent is coming, this is very easy, you also know that 10 crores can be taken at 67 cents, which translates into 72 lakhs. rs.24 sirvi 6 2013 Now the person who has reached 67 lakh monthly test clock is closed through investment, can brothers and sisters do anything with 1 lakh, anything means anything, does he have to get 67 lakh every month, is he trading worth 1 lakh?  Cryptocurrency on Speculative Stocks Tips Sometimes Left and Right can do anything, will he get some returns from doing that and you will see the rest of the people, then whose basin is made on that.  When the person from NCR will play this game of one lakh rupees and he will make another lakh rupees in acid so that it becomes his basin after three four five years. If you people want to discuss this, then as soon as I come to this plot, upload SDO.  I talk about Gurgaon and want to tell everyone about the use of this Your Pocket and Road to Written Teachers' Story which will give what is the power sparing tank for 60 years. Well, in that you have to see that if your  Income is 56001 and if you want to get money from somewhere of 57 crores, then nothing will happen, you will not have cigarette for 10 years because I was ultimately angry, he got something from Punjab, it was sent, till the last someone found it, it was not given to you.  So for you, subscribe and this note is a registered investment channel. I am explaining to you that on this Twitter, if you are shopping less than 50 times like the artists, your monthly income is not Rs. lakh or above. So now what are you speculative, should you go in this, you will do well but you have to see how much you and the remote are and what is your respect all trend, people do n't calculate late restore run, they enjoy hitting sixes in Twenty20 match T20 side  And there are 10 wickets, in the test match also there are the same 10 wickets and the time period is very much safi and in the other way the batting is done according to the same, so in these early twenties. Database And Your Investing In This Is Not A Good Thing That's Why That Acid Is For Investing In What Is The Opportunity More Important Than That Is Who You Are What You Are And They Want To Go To Discover Your Temperament Is The Most Important That You  Temperament is children, new people are coming in the market, they have captured the job market and first of all they have to establish their base. You have 10-20 lakhs.  Must be connected to You must have your own house Linkup's wife's job So all these games become easier to play because its subscribe Please you can comment on these templates that you can use by commenting that I am not here  All the best, play Angry Birds, not ultra conservative, but the Lohangi fruits, the expenses you have, you need a house, now many people will say no, we will get jobs at different places, so how can I buy a house? Heading can also be done, if you have made a rental property and it is being created, then its rent will be equal to that if you go to a top 10 city, so you will not lose any money from your pocket, but don't think, this thing is very important.  Please tell me how you liked the video and share it with these people. Thank you.