That hello friends Gurgaon real estate soon ok I bring you the inside information about a product which you people should not buy or go to that kind of project and should vote for he brought that luxury and related things sounds good it seems  Have reached Europe but there is nothing like that, so there are two ways, one is the pure villa people and the one who is the oldest is certain, Raees has also kept the will of you, keep the will of here, both of them are being cheated here, high rise.  even with those  Cheating is happening and with Bilawal and also there is another source from where it is being made. Please write down in which projects it is being made. It is being made in many projects. Why is that? I will tell you whenever we do another calculation on the density.  Let's do it and say by how many, there is a project inside, stubbornness says, there are so many flights in a second, yes, there are a thousand flights, if we divide a thousand by 10, then we have told that even in 800 attempts, it will be 778, it is very easy, but where  If you make a villa then that villa will be a quiet account, but brother, the villa is your era, it covers the calendar, so you will have to cut it from the space left for the second one, it becomes very tight in appearance.  Once you open it and show it completely, then it is a mess, secondly, how stupid are those who have Will, that line is their ownership, it is not theirs, the maintenance is completed, it is not like you can take the house, you are a different person, yours.  Broom, mop utensils and do your own thing separately. You will take the house owner and you will take your own and brother, they give 4000 square feet 34 thousand skits and that too at the rate of 6, 7, 8, 20, 25,000 rupees. And according to me, you have to sit like that in the apartment.  If you are giving then it is different because its activity is next to each other villa in this why should I add strollers add definitely go and next to what ever e don't call me her  I will try to explain it accordingly, you listen carefully, I will give you a very deep example, mostly we sleep with Indians, do n't you people think that now summer has come, your summer is ahead, even then you may keep on this topic, most office angry birds sleep with moon, with a sheet.  Do you think that the high rate of heat and cold is so supportive of the feeling of security? The firm question is that the mind needs a blanket to protect you from anything but when you sleep. Talk about psychology, I am talking very deep, okay, a thin sheet, it is a lot of fun to listen to it, and because take it, otherwise they can't sleep, you tell me, if you agree with this point, then send the same, Reliance Jio sheet.  That's a meeting. That's your hood. Unsettled people are becoming a developed house. There's a sheet in it. There's a boundary wall outside. This daddy won't pick you up and stand at your door. There's a sheet in your flight Sena ji too. How Siddha is there is a tower, the tower has gates, there will be a gate entry, there will be a guard, then there will be a lobby, there will be an entry in the lobby, it will go up, then there will be a break and will come out, there will be 57 flats in the useful lobby, there will be a hands- free door, there will be a program in the villa.  It is not like this, it is a completely open work, there is absolutely nothing out there, it seems very good till now, it seems to be very open like the British. Products and Utilization that my friend, no matter how big I do it.  Like this, that car is standing straight inside me, meaning there is a system of such standing opposite and from the small balcony, anyone can ask from one to the other. Not in the Play Store, if you have seen what is there in the Play Store, you can see the balcony like this. These days they stop like this, if I don't have all the flats and those hanging in the air, then all this is a secret, this is what Medibal is doing to increase the subscription, you people have to have fun, give the right to such content creators of Gaur city.  If you praise then a lot will go from within, otherwise we will also keep a little bit, then you awaken the Guru element of knowledge that if you feel like showering, then a little bit of your left is also needed. Like me, share. Okay, so the balcony which is the flight or it is here.  But nothing can come from here, but without me, you see, there is a fight from roof to roof in too much luxury, if someone runs from above, look at me, there should be a feeling of Raees in the villa, there should be exclusivity.  No  No brother, it sounds good, it also sounds good, brother, it is better than the rates made by the villa, take your thousand rupees somewhere else and make that mark, Thakur ji, Thakur Saheb, you are coming out like this and the lobby and that car is parked inside.  There is a garden and in this way it can be created and there is no need to spend so much money for it. According to me, Villa is the over-rated product in Gurgaon which has been cut many times in the market. So subscribe like this, even from the sale of Rs 4000 worth Rs 3.8 crores, you are getting deposit, many people are buying it just because and it is not worth buying even for Rs 2.8 crores, I will also tell you that now many people should buy it because Rs 3.8 crores people have bought it.  Do 2.8 friend, let's accept that we have this body, but we are not getting that exclusivity, you do everything inside the villa, from this point, please write, Villa is something. Even if only you rich people can take it, absolutely no lower middle class can take minutes, I can't take it, money should be thick, but this is something which you should avoid, fast, no exclusivity, sharp edge, thing is okay, nowadays in premium ultra luxury apartments, individual effect, all the frills, fingerprint.  This is the whole wireless and biometric thing, some of the superior things have gone ahead in the villa, you get yours. Okay, there are many projects where the treatment is going on, then the revenue path is going and then some. Going means there is no selfishness and they have increased your density and code all the projects in one range, Bilawal tells the area, not found, the one is under consideration, food here, language, my recommendation is villa, something is under reported under.  The cover does n't explain to many but your products are witch, now even the winters have understood that it is not coming let me tell you now there is some latest launch in it, the builders understood that the product has been beaten in the market which I  This is a secret, I am telling you that the secret of this is that the one who is informed should be picked first. I am telling this for the rest of the people who were thinking that they are getting the same report of debt fund.  If I take it, then this is a video for them, the rest is a builder of Reliance, when productivity failed in India with Saturn makes sense, by doing this, you made it like this, by doing this, you made it six, oh brother, you could have done this, the balcony would have been built, it would have dried the clothes, it would have taken this.  By doing this, what are you copying in the snow falling Gurgaon? Why have you spent the money by selling those cigarettes and the stress is enough? So instead of doing it like this, this brother does this. By doing this, he means he was in childhood.  They used to make photos of abortion house, everyone used to celebrate Holi, so people want to choose that dream, it looks good once to see, it looks good once to see, after that there is nothing, there is no practicality in it, pay for practical vaccine is zero.  Totally avoidable this tango in search, how much are you getting and what are you getting, okay, we take maintenance by pressing and co-exclusivity, you don't get it separately, the opposition of including is yours, tell me, my plot is my destination, and please convince me, no. You can't do anything, he is like this or he will remain like this according to the rule and regulation and yours is also like this very well, that one is sometimes like this, this one is like this, so according to me, scan avoid.  thank you hey a