Hello friends, taking the job series forward, I will tell you about a mindset in the job which is instilled in the minds of the employees. By lying and this period can be any, you have to stand against it. This is the mind-set. This is the middle. You all have to see that if you are doing a job then you will not have price and respect because you are a servant, many people will get distracted after hearing that, some of my videos are made in which there is no need to add subscribers.  Instead of running away, but it's okay, it's fine now, I swear, there are big next toxins and all the other world's Yoga Banati's syllabus is written there, it is taught there, it goes there and people also come to fight, that's why just follow for so many years.  What is happening is that in every system, money cannot be given beyond a limit, money can be given only to that extent, so how to do so called motivation, Malaika should respect the one who has no meaning, please pay attention. I understand a lot from the log in. I have seen what I expect from different purposes. When we talk to us, it happens to us that they say that their boss's work cannot be done without him. A lot of the boss's work depends on the boss.  On my part, the employees are very happy with this that there is no shortage there without me. When I ask for leave, she says no, no, man, how will I go for so many days, I need you, they do this and look like this, they take a lot of pride, I just  a larger fellowship  I want to tell you one thing with folded hands and I want to tell it with love, don't run away, people call this category angry bird and don't dislike it at all and if it touches your heart then like it, it's a pimple, you ask your net.  Ask your Ajay. In your wife's life, media is practically more important than Aa. On days when the maid does not come for work and your wife has to do the dishes, the wife also calls her.  She will remember and will say, Vimla, Kamla, how are you, she is sick, I will send the medicine, I will help you, okay, when she comes, that will be useful, you know, Vimla, you are also being used, there is no need for pride in this. THIS SITUATION IS NO WAY ARE DIFFERENT FROM TOP VIMLA VIMLA STILL PATH HE REDMI IS DIFFICULT IT'S MY MADAM'S CALL SO DECIDED I AM MARRIED MAM'S WORK CAN'T BE DONE WITHOUT ME AND TODAY SHE HAD UTENSILS  If you wish to read, that's why the thing asking about my condition is not feeling, other real happy sometime she will see happened on a person and less educated and less in the land of the status is below in the letter, those people have become more pragmatic and intelligent than us, they would have thought. We don't want to think like this, hey, the one who does the utensils in the house is a servant, you can go anywhere, no matter what your salary is, you are a servant, what is the topic in the job, today's question is that in the job  Don't be proud of your job, this is about earning money institute, employer, you have left right, you are more of a Kumar, you are my very good horse, you are the employee of the month, take a letter of appreciation, take some appreciation, should I put your photo somewhere, should I put yours, sometimes I should put someone else's. Doon, you are very good, you just concentrate and what do you get with the ranking in appraisal, top appraisal writing, you are getting five percent increment for the year, so happy. No need to be that I'm a topper It's all about money Will not leave rules Oil corporation and login Additions of market Oil companies Everything that's not river water So slowly I'll be protein Direction I'll try to work like this anywhere here  I am not saying that you should leave your job, the ring is worse, I am playing it to avoid being fooled, you can do your job as per your wish, don't take pride in being forced, by showing very proud pride.  People are attracted towards jobs and do not have pride. Those who are very rich and wealthy, their children do not work, this is also a fact and we also have to tell our children that if you are doing a job, then do not be satisfied.  With job it's just a medium to step on to larger bigger things in life because when she was first year old and worship to often job and you 're getting a show-cause and four cloves  We are in front of you to do the lining and you are doing the Times and your typing, then you will be stuck in the same trap for a year thinking this and then you will come to know that whatever I tell you in the year of childhood, the eyes of knowledge will open in the year, at least sometime.  We will take what happened to our friends, we will be used, we will be like this, you will become Twitter, everyday when you go for a job, I am not turning on 2-day Motivated Him to New to Very Ghadi Motivated  That I am a servant and I have to remain a servant, I have to take freedom, how do I get it through a job, I do n't get it by thinking, it has this procedure, you want it, you all took this video positively because I wanted to tell the trailer only. That I should do this, if you people want to expand this topic which I have given my heart to, then I will take it to such a level that the time will be clear for you, what is to be done here, you have to learn your organization while being a servant.  You have to contribute, you have to make Indore happy and when she is very happy with you, then you have to leave her, how to leave, when to leave, what to do after leaving, that is the procedure, that is the process, I want to make this video in videos of that level. Friends, get likes, I will go to jail because friends, there are people who want to know how we can climb that process and if we grow on it then the first one who likes should be the one who agrees with the fact that we should not take pride in the job. Can we take pride in giving a job that people are working for me, I am giving money, there is pride in that, there is no pride in doing a job, this is the day the system will give us that son, you have become an IAS, now you have become this, you have become a mother, you are in this.  You have so much pride, your father was a servant, your grandfather was also a servant and yet you have become a servant, you have done a great job, we are family servants, we are also 27 enemies, I am saying these things to you, how do you feel after hearing this? That I myself am aware of what I am saying and also the direction and even though there are no people, even the third and fourth generations have not been created in India, even the third and fourth generations have not been created, so that is why those people are fed.  If not then it's ok then tell friends like this video, how will the Naukri Se Azadi video be made, it will be made in 2 parts, the first part will be Naukri Naukri Saja di video's How to Organize Your Life and Vikram CEO of your life but will be a part  In the one and second one, I will give practical 10:30 that to go to the path of freedom, you have to work with those 10 tips. Advanced work when it's just a matter of taking time. Buddhism It is said that Gautam Buddha teaches that once  If you choose the right direction, if you want to go somewhere, you will go quickly by metro, while the train will take some time, the bus will take more time and if you go on foot, it will take more time but you will definitely reach there.  Go, if the direction is correct then I will show you the direction. There is a request on this video, please get 200 likes, thank you.