Hello friends, One Westfary Char on which the middle class should not spend any money and save money and spend it where, I will tell you that it happens more in small cities but not much in big cities, there is no scope nowadays, what is this thing, there are a lot of expenses, okay  I have already covered the topic of marriage, he is not going to do it, okay, today I have brought a new thing, what can be the thing, if you want to guess, then pause and write, okay, I have written it, I am going to tell you that thing.  Yes, it is said in different places at different places, it is said on the occasion of house warming or death, I have bought a new property, I want to perform its function, I will say big, why is it our happiness, let me do it, my life is so boring, people are sharing some happiness.  They are calling, feeding, feeding, making them do something, so I am telling you not to do it now, I will also tell you the region of the latest that is going on in 2023 24. Earlier there was a time when I am telling the region. I am telling you on the psychological thought process level, what was it earlier, we used to get married once, have children two-three times, buy a house once, now a day there has been a slight change, children, we probably don't get married many times and houses can be bought many times.  It can be bought many times. The story has already been told and there are many twists in everyone's story. You do not need to show much. No one is happy. There is no great thing. I am telling this. What are the reasons? Money is spent, but whoever  you collect  Sometimes someone comes, someone says something, many issues are coming to me in consultation, small resentments of people and because of that, if you buy something somewhere, then there is definitely a core family in it - father, mother, brother, sister.  Four, five or 10 people are a family, they cannot call it a function, like this there is also a birthday, everything should be celebrated at home, Holi, Diwali, everything should be celebrated, life is meaningless without them, I am here to do the function. You understand the function I am talking about, where 50, 60, 100 people, 200 people, distant relatives, friends, colleagues, the world, where it is being talked about, a small event, offering a small puja to Pandit ji and doing one's own puja, taking a photo and something.  Keeping flowers etc., doing a ritual, that has to be done by all means, no one is forbidding it, that has to be done, I am wasting full expense, spending too much on that booking.  He is doing it there and he is making it big. Brother, you have made it bigger. See, you don't have to do that. Jealousy factor, envy factor comes in it. Someone or the other says something or the other, a bitter thing comes into life and brother and in it.  Has anyone got angry? Someone's suit was not given to someone, that one was not given to him, this person was given more respect, he was given more, this is such a joy-full occasion for you, you like him, I see that there is a fight between husband and wife or  Family  Something happens that where there are elaborate things like that, even if the son-in-law does n't come, the in-laws don't come, he doesn't come, because when the person makes a list to invite, then those who are not invited get angry.  And that list never ends, called this one but didn't call that one, called that one, called that one, called that friend, did n't call this one, didn't call that one, ours and so many people who are sitting vacant, after one age, they all are monitoring this.  are they  This is what they are monitoring, say yes, the house is done, it is done, you did not call us, you did not do anything to us, only the family did it to us, this is something that I have learned over the period of time, which is like this because it is opportunity and energy. Look, I have opened an astro channel, Sango Saral Astrology, if you go there, you will understand these things, energy and all this better, please join, I will try to post it in the comment section too, otherwise find it.  Lena y o t i s h thk only my channel will come, subscribe it is ok, if a new channel is opened then there and in it, you will get so much joy on things, ok, don't collect these useless votes, no no, I can't tolerate it, many people are like this.  Every person's acquaintance will be in the friend circle and relatives, it is not visible, brother, it is not visible, how many has he made so big, how many la p se k don't do it I am telling you requesting and I can you I  Don't want to use true words but literally bagging the shot of saying because this pressure will be removed because when no one will do it, you will not do it, then no one else will do it, you have not called anyone, he will also not call, no one will call this society.  It is good if you get out of it, whatever money is left, donate it to charity, feed the poor, just feed them a little, do charity somewhere, do charity somewhere, then I will not do this, then I will become the owner of Astro Channel, then here  to do  What is it, I leave it to the imagination and if nothing else, fit your interior for it because by the time you get that house somewhere, it is completely finished and there is no money to bring a bed for it, because many times in the functions too.  You pay so much, I have seen people spending lakhs of rupees on Mahurat, see, there is no discussion for a pinch of 5, 10, 20 thousand, this is my channel, my channel is for the middle class and below, so I am not for the lower class.  you this  Don't say, hey, what is there in 5000, no one is talking about five, if you do five or ten things then there is no problem, you will bring 2-4 kg of sweets to the family, you will give it to Pandit ji, you will do a function, you will do havan, if you do this then that much is in that.  If you want to join, then I am telling him that you have to do it, but I am bringing a tent house and he is refusing to do that level thing, you understand this athlete.  If you find out what thing I am refusing, you can refuse because no such great thing has happened. Just think of this, think of this, you have bought 10 more houses and the person who has to buy so many, how much will he do for whom, then every  Everyone will tell you about it, but when you think in your mind that I will only buy it once, then you stop at just one. The one who bought it, look in your own circle and see for yourself how many houses he has bought in the future.  You tell me and which 5  10 20 He buys, he doesn't because for him it is a normal job. For him it is a normal job. So you mentally, even if you don't buy, when you tell your mind, yes, I have bought a house, I am happy. I have bought it for investment, even if I have bought it for rent. Whether I have bought it for my own living, yes I have bought it, I don't need to beat it, there is no need to make noise to anyone, I have taken it, it is done, it is very good, I have worshiped it, now I rent it. Whatever you want to do, there is no need for advertising to show this world, this is the message that no matter how much advertising you do, it will stop at one, two or three. You tell me that you did it.  So how many more houses did you buy in the future, it will be full stop right there, just see what happens many times, many people struggle with low self-esteem, those who have problems in their relatives, friend circle and where they were told, brother, this is just like this.  Those who are left behind, they show off by jumping around and spending a lot, saying, look, we have taken it, what did you think? The one who is actually a rich person or wants to become rich or is on the path to becoming rich, has no right to own that. This one does it and says yes, okay, now this one is here, now I will do the next one like this, now I will do the next one like this, his mind is going this way and his mind is going on that, you mean this is the first time that spend money and invite misery, this is that one.  money is a thing man  If someone spends then he does it for happiness, no happiness is given here, this is the message, not to be found at 99, wife and husband's shoes will be left, after this, someone will leave behind something and go away. What is turr, I heard the English of these words. Hindi kaun kar kar ok turr chhura or kya which is some word like this ok, someone or the other will do something to someone or the other and then you will go you didn't do this why didn't you do this brother your four people  Five people, six people, eight 10 people, there should be only that many women in the family, there is some important mandatory in the family because that energy is like that and it is there in the family, there is mother, wife, daughter, any woman.  There should be a Pandit ji who owns the house, there should be an owner and on that basis blood relation blood means your blood is like this one is fine, that's it, today I have freed you so much from this and you share it and tell everyone and everyone should be like this. Go share it on family groups too that yes we will do it all the best very good all the best you did it very good very good we are proud of yes you have taken it wherever you live someone will come to meet you  If you have done two, four, five and 10 months of investment over a period of time, then there is no need to tell the world, it has to be declared by the government anyway, as nowadays everyone gets cut and Everyone has to declare it in Income Tax, so everyone already knows about it, there is no need to do the rest, I hope this expense will be saved, if you people will follow my advice then please write it in the comment section. Please follow the comment section.  Write in Follow my iconic course which comes once a year, comes in winter time, Happiness course is starting in third-fourth week of November, most like that around 24th November.  If you want to take it then definitely take it. You will get to learn and understand a lot of things through h2 whatsapp for 2 hours. Don't miss this opportunity because Live Happiness Course 2.0 is happening. 1.0 was ours. Those who did not take it can also take it. 2.0 will be different, it will not be the same.  The same content will not be repeated. Okay, my content will never be repeated. Okay, so this time, those who have joined Happiness 2.0 and have enjoyed it. Happiness One or those who know how to give happiness and there will be nothing like this, there will be no hi-fi like this, no no, he will tell you in practical terms how it will happen, like a down to earth leader, then run up is happening and When there are not many days left, it is less than now 2025 days, then you slots remain limited, after one stage they will also be closed because whatever platform you do, there is a limit on the numbers, it is okay.  If you are not able to get unlimited then join yourself h2 h for hotel h and put two in front of it, I have five classes, what are they, I am not telling you now but they will change your life, I am telling you this much, when I tell you, if that situation arises. So there will be very few seats left, so do it now, maybe I will never tell you, I will just do the classes, okay, this can also happen, thank you very much.