Hello friends, this is an interesting topic, normal people always tell what thing should be bought there, then buy it here, people buy what should not be bought and if someone has kept it, then friends, if he does not tell, then I am going to tell you one thing, another thing, there is also a game of 19 mix in this.  I am going to play, I am going to tell you the thing, you enjoy it and see it in the comment section and tell me how it played out normally, then the victory is discussed on ATM, so you withdraw money from ATM, so if you have bought ATM somewhere then you can use it. After the advice of this video, you can think of selling it. Okay, you have bought it somewhere in a big city and those who were thinking of buying ATM space because it is available by doing a lot of tips, they can definitely award it, then the discussion will be on ATM in India.  There is no growth in ATMs in India, there are a lot of ATMs in big cities, in India there are about 2.5 lakh ATMs, but if we look at the percentage of population, then in Canada there are about 250 ATMs per 1 lakh population, which is  This is very hybrid high quality. In India, there are only 22 ATMs per 1 lakh population. Friends, in America, there are many more than us in all the developing countries, so at 22, it would seem that the ATM is very less, buy one, but we have too many ATMs.  Safin Haar city is very big, keep being very devotional also and the trend of people going towards digital payment will reduce the growth of this and these. Let's understand the maths of running an ATM. In a big city, it costs 75 to 80 thousand rupees per month. Out of this, the team's rent is given, the security guard is hired, it is used for this, and the machine, gas kit and all the frills are used.  If it has come then for that they need money to clear the transaction at least 15 to 17 days if those are the dates on which the transaction is done and according to the calculation that has been done  Money is coming out of Paras. Six and a half inches and 12. If there is a loss of ₹ 10 from hearing on it, then it is mid loss making manager for people. The team operated from that bank. Many people would think that if the name of the bank is written then that bank operates there.  Banks are doing it, it has become the most of the bank, after that what is the latest thing that has happened in the PSU bank, there has been so much consolidation of this Swiss bank, whatever your government bank is, that it has so many Adams.  The requirement will be less and they are returning it from their ATM that we will run and if you are going towards the village then I am also going to tell you about the business opportunity that if you guys are okay then on the tenth ATM in India six and a half inches villages in India.  There are six and a half lakh claims in the whole of India, so the relationship that comes out is of 10 villages, so the option is Roti, in a small city, in a small town, in a small village, if you can do this through ATM, now don't ask, tell me. Which one is there in which place, if you take which one, then you will die a little, heaven can also be seen, okay, I am giving you the idea, which bank is it, you can go to the management of the bank, here they want to install their ATM, which is that small one?  Which place is it in the city because if you have planted it once and it has been planted, then there will be 10 more people who will not come there, if you can also do this one, then she will go to the village giving milk, like the one you have taken from the milk booth.  If you stand in place then you can take it to the city  Send the sitting team to it. Fares will reduce in the future. Android team will be closed anyway and the ATM space that has come up is a typical space. The commercial channel of Paytm is very typical and a shop cannot come in it. You know it is made for ATM and if the ATM is not working in it and it stops then neither your settings nor the white elephant will do anything to it. No one will understand such things in the videos. You know then by mistake now the team  you don't take  Because India is Movie Awards digital in a very very fast manner especially in the bigger cities, in big cities you do not need to get an ATM at all. The number of ATMs will increase in small cities, villages and towns and will decrease in big cities. This is a  If it is perfect, then you people in big cities should not take it. Now, what are their photos? Because Bitcoin is also going on a lot, now these IPOs are also coming a lot, of Paytm ATM, so now I am a  And I had told you in the beginning that I want to tell you something about Islam, watch it, listen to that story and enjoy it, it is okay, so I am telling you, is love important and what is it that Bitcoin cannot play. I will tell you what is the meaning of the digital currency that can be played. Soni Rahna is an example. This is a town area on a national highway where there is no city but there is a lodge type of house. Types of small hotels have been made. Okay, this is a small hotel. I am telling you an example in a short period. Okay, how networks work. So, this is a small hotel. Opposite the small hotel, there is a grocery shop. Okay, so now this hotel guy is his.  Very little work is done, it is done as per the schedule, like it is done in a small area, so once there is a line, he looks inside you and says, I have to stay here, and how much is the rent for the room, you say yes, room. fare of  ₹ 2000 is ok, then I come after infecting the hands of the said issue with British Worthy Toe Not Ok, then it says that you will give me a ₹ 2000 note here, then I will give it to you, you may find it a bit strange but will give it as is.  If I don't come then I will take the ₹ 2000 note. Okay, so this ₹ 2000 note is a physical note, the person with the ₹ 2000 note can keep it and his son can take it to show him.  The backstory of this human being was very different because he had a loan of ₹ 2000. Thank you to the person who used to buy this stuff, used to feed and drink, he used to walk slowly, you are very desperate, he was after it.  It has happened since a long time that this guy keeps going, then the logic of those leaving, he wants to immediately get rid of his ₹ 2000 in front of you, thinking that he will come, he will take it, I will tell him the story on that wrist.  Go and do it, I had given it to the brother-in-law because he had come after beating him and if it had happened, the person who was coming would have got ₹ 2000. Shivdhari of his was alive, now the entire life of the person who used to bring things for him was being collected. A tempo traveler who used to be tied, a tempo traveller, who typed like a small white elephant, spoke like this, and this Tata, if you typed it like this, he would have brought it, he would not have paid for the buffalo milk, so take care of it.  He comes and he is after him in a bad way, you mean, since you did not give me the money, I am ready to fight again, so if he has money of Rs 2000, he immediately runs away because he is about to come, like 11:  This one goes for Rs. 00, he takes this, your ₹ 2000 and mine, you leave it, okay, now this small one is a boy, he is a good fellow, if he gets ₹ 2000, there would be a repair mechanic shop next to him where  One of his surveys was crushed, he had got it repaired, the tire tube was fine, there was a small workshop next to it, where it was running, it was running for many days, it was lying badly behind it, so it is like  He comes with ₹ 2000, that note comes with him, this tax goes to him from outside, it is okay, the repairman is saying, take yours, it is okay, now as it comes to this man, this brother was on loan for this hotel.  go  This person had organized a party 3 months ago with four friends, he had not given the money, so it is as if the money comes to him, this guy is sitting at the reception at that hotel in Bhag, the owner comes to him and gives him Rs 2,000 and  Those ₹ 2000 are kept there and after such a long time, that guy from upstairs does not come, friend, I did not like your absence and goes away with his ₹ 2000. Within 15 minutes, he saw so many faces.  The Rs 2,000 note that was agreed was there, I turned around from there and came back there again. The debt of four people was collected. These people did not know each other. The hotel owner knew that the person coming was to be spied on. Had nothing to do with the matter, okay, so he knew this, he did not know the hotel owner, okay, he knew this, this is how, when demonetization happened, it was explained in some way that he was not going to join Team India.  27 lakh crore notes have been printed, at the time of demonetization it was about 5 lakh crores, so now the edition of 11 lakh crores has been done, so to print more money, you had subscribed for it earlier, now it is not the gold standard or not? Na Na Na Na Nothing, any government can do as much as it wants, now that the power of the flowery dollars is too much for them, then no matter how much you people have to set, the rest of the countries can do as per their wish.  If they can't, then their money will be developed, just like what happened in Zimbabwe, they used to get a plate of food for 1.5 lakh dollars, they can't even work in Zimbabwe dollars, but if they could come, the entire government is doing it, okay, so this money.  It is circulating and it seems that people should know all this that I have told, I have made a video, these two words were that acid and going to Goa, Daman money from.  Will not be of Delhi will ultimately if show the settings of subscribe printed mode but they will give more then the value which you are divine too much pimple will discover your market and next day the value will be reduced then the value which is reduced. You will discover the matter in two days, the system is that Rs 27 lakh crore cash is circulating in India and if we print it four times in a single day and release it in the market, then you will be against it.  Everyone will come to know but slowly keep doing it Boys From Keep making it, keep making students laugh, people don't know that and they do all the government, they are doing all the government, now the time has come to do that because by doing that you  She also writes a short term thing, look at the people, people will discuss it in great depth, I am not Keynes, okay let me explain all this to you as per Harvard paper on all the things and you can read your left.  You must be feeling right that what I am telling you is that just concentrate on the salary of you are made to concentrate on the price of Amul milk is fine, there are certain things point to that you know where it has been good as it has been good business which is  Likely to gain from this socks and money plant on Capita India going from $2000 to dollar so it was $2000 it  $2000 food and clothing was used in the house itself, if a little food, clothing and house is left then there is some loss in health and you who will go towards this end lower middle income country of 2000 to 4000 from country to country were not feeling on this. If you people want to be more specific on this.  If you liked the video and everything above then please comment on it in the comment section and I will tell you more about it and who should subscribe.  The one who tells that is not s on law also and not with notification open forum video channel subscribe that according to how the fans should watch in the Ghrit place Blue City. If you are interested then please write in the comment section. But I will definitely put it in the video. If you want to bring specific attention to someone then you can write in the comment section. Thank you.