Hello friends, today I am coming with a previous problem, a mind-set due to which things are not being bought, I will give live examples of people in real estate, I will give them from Gurgaon, I will compare it with the car also, how much are you traveling with this thing.  Also tell me, this is a very good concept psychologically which is coming out practically. Your budget is around 1.3 CR to 1.35 CR. You get to see an ad like this.  There is a flight around the square feet of G 1692 and 1.37 strips strips, you see less, 1.37 you see more, then you go very happy, happy and refreshed, look at the same and ask the rate, till you understand, finally you come to know.  That on top of these tricks, IDCIDCPPLCPA, everything is tasty and tasty, it is more than 1.5, so now you feel that it is worth Rs 16 lakh, hey, this is so.  You water is looking expensive, ok then what is looking expensive, I will discuss about that also in this video and you keep adding features for that, surely your wife is your advisor friends, whatever happens, it is such a good one. 1.67  Let's take 1.5 cream of 116 and look at it. Now whether that 1.67 is Ad Tips or 1.3 Sub Inspector, we have to compare. 1.37 1.6 Budget.  Till 1.3 inches many had butts playing on the roof and in 1.53 we felt that oh man this is money goes this little tail issues malfunctions go to see that and it feels good that it is expensive or its location specification that receiver has this wedding seats His condition is fine, he is in this forest, so he is known to be 1.8 148 149 or is he you were walking 1.7, now your wife has seen him, I am having some fun.  Specifications are there, I enjoyed it, did I like this other good thing? Did I like the concept? I liked it. I enjoyed my heart. I enjoyed it. How much was the budget? The budget was 1.3. When I reached the appointment, I was given a grid of 1.52 on the appointment.  You swim somehow, don't you? You do it like this and you reach the shore while drinking water. You are fine but you can't reach 1.8. I felt like kheer even at 1.52. Asking with such difficulty.  It is not even taken, then you start updating that something else will come, it is very expensive, then now I am against the term co, I will do it for all of you, it is very expensive, whenever something comes, you too, I ask.  You normally buy this thing in every destruction, this thing is strong to my friend, it looks expensive, it looks fine, okay, so all the people find the thing expensive, you should see whether it is out of your budget, that is why it seems expensive to him.  The expensive channel is amazing, it is called that thing  So it's okay, it's out of my budget, but we can't say it psychologically, that is admitting that I am poor, we never call ourselves poor, related to poverty, then it's okay, that means he is rich, so he is poor in front of Sameer. Now. He may be poor in front of this poor person and he may be the poorest of the poor and he is close to the one who is rich, so if you are related to this, then if it is okay then we do not know how to accept that we are like this, if he is more expensive then your budget.  I….to you  Now the ad is final They have money and they get salary like that, they have a leg lifestyle, they also have a lifestyle of things that are like Bryan Adams, okay this pattern that comes is very expensive which is called online and that  I was told that it is not noticed on Mont Blanc, it is called Mon Blanc, okay, this is how rich people talk, they look at their pens, Moende, below, Bell Agency, Amazon, okay, so I told someone like this, I have this one.  Even after taking it, entry was not allowed. Style is the same. Now I will say it like this. Okay, so the fight of life is that it is woven without being bad. Okay, why is it mobile? If you write antiques in between, then find something like this.  click on  Apply to him, this is the money of sophistication, it is a big thing, okay, now if someone like me says this, then it is expensive, now I am not wearing a lehenga, brother, that pen is not expensive, it is worth as much as 70 80 90 thousand 1 lakh, it is okay.  He explains its meaning, he says that a normal watch tells the time and there is some saying about an expensive watch telling the time of a person, so all those things are getting updated in the market, they are also playing in Gurgaon market. Earlier, Play Store was being launched in Mumbai market, so you people have to take care of all these things very well. If you have any questions on such things, please let me know and things. Now stop saying expensive because the milk which looks expensive against any benchmark, when you buy it for rs.75 then you can say that the milk is expensive, it is late because Amul's milk is benchmarked around Rs. 1000, in relation to that it is expensive without benchmark.  that you are so  Now you cannot easily call a product expensive. Before making a product expensive, go through its benchmark. If you ask Deendayal Floor of AC 3 Tier to buy a product of AC 2 Tier that it is expensive, then the benchmark is wrong.  And you can buy AC-1 tier products from this sheet as it is expensive and at this very moment the AC-1 noise is now 1000 above in the next 100 feet for your kind information.  1000 one is very value for money and water needs and everything is a is all improve only reddy 10 GST DC and rides in everything ok so you have to do pinch marking and blind alley now is not the time to reject things check time  The time has come to select things according to yourself, otherwise we will come predicting nod32 for months from now when Lord.  After People Have Worked Thinking of Times Battle of Buying AC Two Tier Product According to its capacity it will have to be set for AC-3 My Prediction for Dwarka Expressway is diet here Deendayal will come after one Share Thank you Sa 3BHK tight part is fine  And all the details are in 3070, it is already ready for sale, so I am not making any such prediction because if it is already ready then it is  Maybe if it becomes 1.25 then Stanley which is your chop benchmarks for indices which thing was where ICC it's going under Lord of change in 15 250 DS is the best time for the customer Financial Year Ending Webinar on and if you come in that  If you want then this is in WhatsApp Web * and you will welcome part of matter details paste white real estate teacher late and not valid people in this  Agreement Shall Be Equal Feeling Number One I Made It Hum Number One Institute of Virology Institute of This Is My Number Two The Number Two The Number Two Number Three Laptop Calling I Just Number One Very Very Humble Person [Music] Thoda Achhe Se 75 Number So Bholta  I am thankful to you that