Hello friends, the best topic that I am covering today is that they give interviews to many people, they go to give interviews, it can be of some use to them, so if you give interviews, your children will be in your circle and they should forward this information to them. Will this arm hole become a hindrance? One important question in the interview with normal and West End, so if you interpret this question midway, your chances of getting a job will increase in many interviews. Now this interview is like a private one for a government job. Like the job is very important, it is also in the comment that if you have a job interview then this is a question from the point of view of UP, OK Amit, like I am, okay the interview was cut in the job interview, now I will tell you this thing, then how much will you do in the future, know. No read I will have to tell this inside information will have to be told and many people are not covering this school recover anywhere because it is a very simple question it is a very simple question but it is important for the job Decision making first impression is being done on this question, this is such an important question, every person is going to paste it from no one knows where, in which I will take out the important room that for whom are the pure technical jobs, is your ITI job in Delhi and this fog.  Remove them, any job other than that, government job is definitely all control government job, this question is applicable in any job, government job interview of any level, any their and other which are not normal jobs. If it is absolutely domain knowledge specific college then remove it and this question is that okay Rohit whose name is Rohit in support end is that Rohit tell me something moti aa big monday in first question Anuj or this one  There is no tension, after repairing the answer to this question, I asked you this, if it speaks, then do not ask its meaning, I will tell you with any child in your house, let's set ourselves up by name and subscribe, but  The question is asked because you answer. I get to know about you from that. You are telling about your family, about yourself, your parents, your office. Wow, how much should I tell? What is the right answer? This will vary from job to job. I will try to pay attention in winters and will try to tell in future videos also. Patti Question: It is very important that the test is also well prepared but today I will tell you from the other side of the table that when I use the word 'hum' then it means 'hum'.  Who  The parties that are selecting you, so when we wake up, we want to ask you this basic thing, are you a man from our village or not, otherwise your parents have raised the flag of sacrifice in this, there is no need to tell much in life because they do not have a job.  You have to give and it is seen that these things which I will tell in the job to jobs, make a class paste in it and other things will come like this, then I am also putting the delivery that I am telling it very beautifully for the benefit of the people, I will depend on it inside.  tell me the things of  I am absolutely sure because for this, no one will even put a picture on the public platform or tell it, he will tell it in such a simple way, then the people who have opened shops voted and all this because he will be fit because  We will tell him that man, what is the meaning of such a simple thing, we see that this is a job, if someone from a very big family comes, then we will force him to suck his blood, while we are sitting here, we will  We would have made it in one job  It should fit inside it, it should not be below it, it should not be above it, so when we are asked what are your hobbies, then there is no need to tell much, my hobby is this and if people think that if I tell a lot then I am a very interesting man.  I will leave, okay then half ice because we did not want to take your time now, then your life training will come in your life, then I feel very bad that she has become so sweet and the job we will give her in this letter will be like this.  is going to happen  So the only answer is that yes, right now I am passionate about learning or it means vague answers, meaning we know that you did not give us the answer, meaning in the time of giving us this kind of answer, right now I am trying so hard for my job.  That I do n't have any off time would be a good thing, I like to employ such people who don't have their own life and who do n't have their own life in their mind because now this thing is told that it will not be taken after telling it. Everyone will think that I don't know what should happen but actually this is what you understand, now this kind of obscene video can be scolded, I will be scolded by BK Mishra in forwarding the people of the audience too, when you will get this clarity.  You get pain, all this further removes constipation, doesn't it, you get constipation, I will explain it further, this is my beginning, this is my beginning, in this, if you want, when the girls come to be selected, then Exactly what is seen is that there are these jobs also, they are seen in speech for girls 3722 Yes, if there is a lady whose children have grown up, she can get a job which is very boring, she is medium in it.  There are no side effects, his wings are just at the back and the same work is being done by this biggest man, look for the road, the rest is being discussed only in the front that your brother, where do you belong, do you belong in the sector.  Well you are asked another metric question that they did you see yourself to 5s if you are very ambitious and also some greater men also don't want you say arm hole for two years and go to Indian School of Business and was admitted  To graduate and they want to become the side we don't want to be ambitious or we are ambitious we have to take our business up  We have to go, we are very, we, you are very ambitious, we don't like it, so even if you are actually there, there is no need to show it. If you are, then everyone is fine, but there is no need to show anything because the one who is showing his own will also have control.  If it is not happening, then tell us also, you will not work with us in our company for more than three years, we will be completely sucked out of you in one and a half years, but you do not need to tell this to whom, it is okay, these are all secrets, when you were asked about side jobs. hope you live  Where are you so where you have to hold the job where is that office without it thread kilometer next to the name of retention you should know and you have to say that good g slice pen role in was shifting to bhiwandi towers this is a false thing to do album shipping Wi-fi setting set on its side seems to be flower or is closed, meaning it will remain nearby i.e. one hour and a half hour and you can feel its blood and sweat, it feels very good, use these words, drive, I am point, just drive home, point.  Do you know how much this guy or bandhi is putting his mind into it, if he does it like now, girls come, girls come, very qualified, qualified, how much is not needed in the job, there are no such jobs that Bollywood needs, Monday in job, then if  Some girl had come and asked this question: Do you want to drive a car? You don't know how to drive a car. Rohini lives from Pritampura. If she goes to Gurgaon, then what will be the use of the turban on our head? Some day, a little. Got late, got the work done by 7:00 pm, it is your responsibility to leave, you have to see that brother, where will this final girl go, will she stay in Pritampura, will work here, leave the valve, how will she go, where will she catch what, so this is a practical thing.  But jobs are being found and people are leaving them, they are busy thinking about their fees which have increased a lot, I got selected in 121, then I should go ahead wearing such clothes, what should I do, I used tissue, I did subtle this.  Distic, today I will end the video, the video may not be long, if you found it interesting, you liked it and I got 200 likes in it and you also wrote something good in the comment section, in Hindi and English, so I don't know alien base, how much balance is there, how much is there in the job too.  I will tell you what to add, what to do, it is not so difficult, the people giving jobs are normal people like you, who want to earn their own money and that is your wavelength, you will get the job because in the job.  Coming and sitting in the front, Bandhan is on Rimi's side and is trying to speak English more like hi-fi, he is the last one, we want such men, we don't want girls who can understand the work, there should be a little accident from inside and one is between this level.  If you get it in the quizzes level, if not below it, then the appointment label for some work should be above it. Whether you understand it or not, it will be too much, then you will have to explain it again. You should understand everything, no one is there for 3 months. Salary is just withdrawal of money, he hates it, about 5 to 6 months in any job, there is a lot of school chairman of no consequence, that's why there is this website, in this you will learn some things and it is universal for any job, any government jobs.  For this, I will tell you a little separately, okay, but the one that I told you is always important, it is very great, you don't make the interviewer who is asking you a question useless. Don't tell me things like I am good at going there to play football, it has nothing to do with your job directly, the people who could have diverted their interview to give such an impression, they divert it in the wrong direction and then that person can ask anything. Let's take this, you have to ask this first answer: First of all, on this question, you can set the direction of the interview, you can tell such interesting things about yourself which are related to that job, which arouses his curiosity and he asks questions. question again  Keep asking and then tell me if there is no good person for this work then I am the one. If you show interest then I will definitely make this video in the next videos. How did you like this video? Do tell me. Share it with people. The basis of the channel is practicality. Hawabaazi.  Not at all, okay, so practically it is a channel connected to the ground, water works in real life, same things as told, everything is different, sound good, will feel nice, thought, diplomatic clear, sounds good or  Vedas will not be told thank you