Hello friends, I had given a Diwali investment idea last time also on Diwali. You people who are old subscribers had given an idea out of which it was this: I am not talking about water, I am talking about something else. If you guys have understood then please comment in the comment section. Giving name to SEBI Registered Investment Advisor New is enough to give a hint to the sensible person and I am making my opinion so that you can make up your own mind about it. Okay, so now share those ideas with those who  If you want, that is my Clarity for Youth channel, but you go to the discount channel and watch it there, I will upload the video there and you must watch it, those who do not subscribe, that channel is a very good channel, very good thing, you can enjoy it also.  So the investment idea that I have come here today to tell you is a unique ID and I am going to tell you only one thing, any message is unique, it is okay, you will see one thing in the video, it will be very implementable and simple, it will be easy and  Simple, simple, you don't need to understand, and there are many things in life which are simple and if it is not, then understand what is this, this is investment, this is investment, yes, real estate, I want a real estate, what nonsense are you talking, real.  Real estate keeps talking about what is unique in it, I am going to tell you the unique way to do it, you understand that real estate is not unique but I am telling you how to invest in a unique way and those who do not  Many people are looking for tickets, there are good opportunities, who has taken a house, somewhere someone has taken one and cannot take it so soon, the opportunities are very good in the real estate cycle, many people want to join, they say that I will not be able to take it, I  I took that and it looks better than what I took, but now I can't take it because I have taken that as ultimate middle class, which is the limitation, isn't it, I ca n't take 50-60 properties.  Those who are very rich class have money. I am here for the middle class audience. For my core audience, I would like to tell you one thing here that you can also do that in fractional ownership. In fractional ownership, I am doing this.  I will not say that I, a fund manager, am making thousands of crores myself and if you invest the money there, then it will be like a real estate investment trust issue. Those who put it in the commercial are listed separately and others are listed.  SEBI is under control, I will not put other things under control, I will say this, you do it in your family, with your brother, with your sister, with your brother-in-law, which brother-in-law of your brother-in-law, with your sister-in-law, with your parents, with your uncle.  With aunt, maternal uncle, maternal aunt, depending on who is your relationship with whom, you can invest in every property in blood relations. Know that in the name of women, these people say in it, there will be a fight between us, even if there is a fight with the wife, even if it is the property. Even if we get divorced, there is no difference in the legality of it. It is a property worth ₹ 100. You invested ₹ 30, your 30 is yours, you took ₹ 25 from mom, so 25% belongs to mom and who is elder brother or younger brother.  This younger sister is earning more money than the elder sister. It is 45% of yours. It is fine for you to take the rent in the same ratio or by selling it, but his wife will not allow it or I will not understand this.  Well, I will understand, maybe they will understand, this is a challenge, so the idea is simple, very good, implementable, I am teaching you all this to the parents, I am teaching all this to the platinum members, whenever you go with this proposal, it is a tribulation.  Friend, we play on FB, to understand 20 lakhs, you need knowledge of the product and in general, what is happening like if you tell your parents that brother, you are buying 20 lakhs. If you eat that bass of the year, then your HD is worth 20 lakhs next year too and if you want that HD to be worth 20 lakhs, then you will not eat anything in the month, this is what I have to tell you, mother.  -Father will also get capital appreciation in real estate, your 20's will also go towards 25 30 40 50's and as life goes on, look at life, parents sitting at 6065's old age will reach 95's.  Will you live in 30 years in Cyber ​​Hub? There is only one place in Gurgaon to have good and expensive food and drink. If you go to a good Punjabi grill there, you will know that it will be expensive and have a shot of tequila, which these people do less than others. Those people will not even be there in it. I am talking about 30-35 years. After adjusting the inflation, people must be thinking what nonsense is he talking, tell me 30 years from today. Manmohan Singh's budget was made in 1989 India's 91, before that it says that one time meal will be of 10000 rupees, when the salary of officers on a group of people, I think it was 3-4 thousand rupees, it was two and a half at the beginning, so how are you?  Believe me, today his salary is Rs 2.5 lakh, if it has increased four times, then I am using the formula. When the group officer had Rs 2.5 lakh as a fan, his time was told to him after 30 years.  You will get food worth ₹ 10000 at one time for four people at one place in Gurgaon. Now that's what I am saying. After 30 years, I am telling you the calculation formula directly. You people have to take fractional ownership and tell mom and dad.  That brother, give me some inheritance also, you are being so selfish, take one such thing, because you have 20 lakhs, then you will start dying in this too.  And you take bye time Gopal, Mom, Dad, then you will ask from us, tell your parents that we are not selfish, we do not want it, but you are the one who will not complete life, then if you ask from us, then my wife will not give, on whom you torture.  Do you do it or want to do it or do you try to do it or are you a little angry or make a face or is it a cold war, I mean I have told you all, at least one of the five must be going on for you and your mother Jiri. Whenever you say, when these children of ours grow up and this marriage of ours will also turn 30 and this daughter-in-law will also become domineering or will I do anything in 30 years, then it will be of great service to you, Mom and Dad, talk like this.  If you do n't do this then we will feel ashamed for talking like this. Many people tell me that all your words are good but how should we tell our parents. Tell me, look at this mad man with the eyes of hatred. Tell me like this. Tell me, I am absolutely right.  faith Papa, Mummy, listen, I have seen this video with hatred, you too write about the hatred towards women and go to the comment section and if you say, our Indian system is spoiling, write like this, write or say, you will automatically understand, parents. What am I saying because whatever is right is right 4 * 4 16 * 6 = 16 256 So that Math formula will definitely work, no one can do wrong by leaving it.  As many as you are sitting in HD in 60s, get into real assets. I am absolutely sure that no property comes in 20 lakhs, no property comes in 25 lakhs, no property comes in 15 lakhs, but can three or four people in the family buy it together? Can parents take their 15% share? What kind of fraud will it be, son and daughter? What kind of fraud will they commit with you? You invested Rs 20 lakhs with you, you got 20% share in a property worth crores, yesterday 20% rent came lifelong. That rent will keep increasing throughout life. What was the rent of the property 30 years ago? Ask, will your HD rates not go towards 18% again? If your rent starts at 4% even for a good property which is under construction today.  Then there is capital appreciation. Here the return on this money after 3 years comes to 4%. It will become 8% after 8 years, 8:30 years and 9 years because the rent increases by 67% every year.  The average will increase even if you give it for any year, it may also decrease but the average is 67% so that is the real returns. Inflation also eats money. If your real assets remain the same, then your old age will be fine. On top of that, you have a real asset.  If it is there, then it is for the children and the children too have a deep sorrow in it, they will see it and they will also feel that the children will also feel that they are leaving something behind, say Namaste, do better for them, hey, what are you teaching?  All money is love, this is what happens, brother, if you break your HD, if you ask for money from them, then I am telling the future for those of you who are senior citizens or are going to become those who cross 50 in the next 5-10 years. Now a video of mine with family which invests together on stage is going very viral. If you guys have seen it then it's ok to watch it for 40 seconds, which culture of our Indian culture, brother, I know all the cultures. From agriculture to 15000 smiling people, take the whole sun, I said, become a neighbor next to your parents, now whether you want to live with that neighbor on rent or by buying, it is your choice, not theirs, we will remain the same but follow the video a lot. First of all, I will become a diplomat, then look, I am from D community, which I come from, D state, which I come from, you know my name, it is not for diplomacy, it is okay, D state and D.  The community is fine but still some people have the attitude that many times what happens is that there are more people than others, there is a little transformation in the society, people have to show it because I am getting a lot of love and affection and I will make that a mission and I will make it a mission.  For this, we will have to speak extremely and very much unless people's belief systems are crushed by these people because when they make you an asset, then that asset can become your son's daughter-in-law's asset in which you invested money and your elders. Brother has invested it and you take a fair share of rent from him, how will you take rent from the child? You enjoy the grind of grinding as soon as you keep your child under your roof, if you give it to him on another roof, then what will happen like this and people  Also write comments son Bhog, if you have the habit of living separately, then if you have the habit of traveling in a car, then how will you travel on foot? I am enjoying it a lot, you guys are enjoying it, so tell me, I am supporting you in old age, I will help you buy property.  If I die then what about me? Hey brother, mention your name and tell me directly, son, it is like this, the fare is Rs 35000, you have given 50% of it, you have taken the loan from your wife, the wife has given it, it has nothing to do with us, we are paying 20%.  If the rent in the property is Rs 35, then just give us Rs 7000 accordingly and then make a deal with the increase of Rs 500, Rs 300, Rs 500 in a year, and the son. What problem is he facing? Don't give him the money. Don't give him any rent. Don't pay a little bit. And he will settle his accounts and later on at the ad sam stage you buy their share. It is a good company and it happens in them too.  The promoter gives the shares and the listing gets done tomorrow. The child and his wife are like that and they say, yes man, it is like this, we do not need these full names because right now there are 20 20 questions, so which he can get according to the valuation of time.  Transfer the 20% share, if after reading the flat the man gets the same rate, then buy the 20% share in it at the market rate and in blood relations, which is now up in Haryana, many statements are also being made. Transfer is free of cost, that lawyer will take two to four thousand rupees. Hey, if you take the right property, then what are you all doing? The video will be a little long but will have to be explained in examples because you will have to tell all this to your parents and others.  What happens in the argument to tell? You will be well prepaid and you will tell the punch reasoning. The next person will have only one reason and that is not wallpaper. I am repeating it to you, so listen to it carefully. Every person is sitting with ₹ 500000 in a demat account. Sher Brother is playing, you will play shares with ₹ 5 lakh, you should invest in a lion who will never become rich, you should do it a lot, but it is important to reach a portfolio and have expectations. 2 lakhs are kept in mutual fund, 3 lakhs are kept in HD tax, 2 lakhs are kept in gold app, ₹2 lakhs are kept in bitcoins, 1 lakh are kept in lent to someone, the whole section is kept in secret, I have kept it as my own. Money is something, we are not reaching anywhere to get something and this is what Papa ji has done, this is what mom has done, this son, this van, this daughter, you, this [ __ ], I don't know, whatever the combination is, you create your assets brother and add more. You will get the target of money, people say this is me, it is like a gun on the temple on CP, the market stops falling by 30%, then what do the people say, what will you do by sipping, still if you buy a house, what will you do by sipping?  Will you spend money on your daughter's wedding, make it 50 lakhs? Take all of it for your children, take the household money, are you ready to take a little or worry about your old age because Putin's attack on Ukraine is in your society. Seeing the standing, he does not ask, he attacks. Corona comes from China, it comes here because a little harshness has to be increased, it has to be explained and it has to be done well. We have to feed Neem laddus to the society. Neem laddus are okay, they go there and have to drink kadavada.  If you go somewhere Ayurvedic, they are very cleansing but it feels like this, but after drinking it, the next day and then the day after that, it feels very light and in the same way, I too am sitting with many Neem laddus.  If you people want to eat, then you write NKM in Neem laddu. You people, I will tell you such things that the belief system of your father and mother will be different and your life will be without any children, no greed, no greed in you.  Why do n't you see this thing in the lesson or in their lesson, the society is understanding that neither the parents are bad nor the children are bad, the parents can correct the problems of the children but for some reason they do not want to do it and they have their own insecurities.  And the insecurities of the parents and I would say financial illiteracy or these children who are trapped in some other time, they do not know how to explain this to them without feeling that I am greedy. There are many children who are very connected to me, the youngsters of 2030.  They say friend, we understand everything what you are saying but tell me how, meet me and understand the reason for speaking directly that you give us your wealth na na na Don't give us your wealth. If you want to share your property, then put the certificate in your name, then when you get the property, your mother 's name will appear in the registry. Sunita Devi, Vimla Devi, Sarita Devi, whatever her name is, whatever her mother's name is.  Sir, you will take more photos, do it like this, take the photo of your mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, take it in the frame once, enjoy it in the tehsil, fight with each other, you have created such a close relationship, try doing it on paper. Today I am telling you this remedy in Diwali, this is a very good remedy, if mother-in-law takes property in the name of daughter-in-law, then the security of both of them is lost, if my husband leaves me, then my son leaves me, then my husband goes away and I leave.  My financial security is running in everyone's mind. You have ruined this one, take it in the name of both of you, who will do harm to whom, what will you do, without taking each other's photo again, the thing will not sell, eat the rent, sit and look at me for a bit.  This is very important what I am telling the society because the opportunity that comes, by the time you get the knowledge of the real estate cycle, that opportunity will go away or you will get the realization, then stay connected, I am teaching the platinum members like a master. Okay, you have to become a platinum member, Banno, even the normal people will have to learn, there is a limitation in that, okay in terms of technology too, in terms of time, so whoever has to study a little tuition.  It happens, brother, he has gone to school and he says, 'Okay, go for tuition. Master, you are such a good master, so all the money was not spent here, what will you pay for tuition? That thing is also fine, Master ji needs to earn some money also.  If you want to think like this then you can think but in this mic case it is about talking because of what is ultimately public platform, a little control has to be exercised on the examples, so I think 89% of the things explain it to me.  Yes, but the fun is in that 10%. If you understand it as real, then I understand that till 90%, I feel like this, but that is the last 10%, neither is it like a century, nor is it made from 99 to 1 run. It is okay.  I will end by giving one more example, a man is hungry for four chapattis, it is okay for you and if you get three chapattis, is your stomach not filled with three, if he fills you, then he has the strength in the fourth one, like when  The government has to be brought down or formed, otherwise those who are independent MLAs, if 46 majority is required in a state, then the 46th person will get the most purse, privileges and respect from which the government will be formed, then the 47th, 48th, 49th and 50th will go, they will also get it but that one will get the most.  It is important that it gets transferred, so this was also a big learning and when we eat each bread All of them are sitting together, Bhujali is not individual thirst, but someone's food means thirst, I am talking about hunger, not hunger, so if we have soured it and pooled it, it has become one asset and in this way multiple assets can be created because every year we do not eat anything.  Some incremental progress, some butter things keep happening, it is okay in life, in families where everything is going well, then in this way, you can create multiple properties, then they will restart, I understand it very well and  It is very important to discuss things by raising and suppressing them. It is okay to discuss religion, politics, vote. In this, who will become this, who will become that, who will become like this. To pass the time with what is happening in your life, hold on to the agenda of your life or that of the family.  All the people, whatever you wish, join someone on WhatsApp group call or on Zoom call and discuss over tea in such a way that today's agenda is to discuss our related property and not this, the opportunity has come and in this we can do like this.  How much money are you ready to invest? How much money am I investing? What is the good payment plan? How will it be beneficial? Whose name will be taken? And what will be the benefit of taking the name? Good: There will be income tax benefit. Good: This is how the registration cost will be reduced. Good.  In the name of mother, in the name of younger sister-in-law, in the name of elder sister, do this friend, do that, you buy shares, there are 10 lakh share holders along with you and you do not have any problem anywhere, you live in the society, you live in all that land.  500 more people turn on, you don't have any problem, it's okay, you stay in the bill store, someone lives above, okay, you go by bus, 50 more people are going, do you have any problem, you go by plane, 180 more people  If you are sitting and going, there is no problem, then sharing is not happening everywhere, isn't it, you are taking it in mutual fund and nab, you are getting the unit and someone else is also not having all this in the unit, so what is there in this?  In the registry, make photographs of two or three people, make it two or three, it becomes more than that, okay make two or three people, make a family of two children, wives and husbands, make the combination from where the maximum benefit in income tax will definitely be found, but it is long.  How is the idea? Is it a unique idea or not? Please tell.