Hello friends, this is a bit deep topic of marriage, who has got married, who is doing it, what is going wrong, what is the wrong thing that is happening in the marriage market and this is the thing, you have to discuss this video with many people.  I have to share and this mistake should not happen, I will try to tell you the method. This method is very simple but it will not be easy. If you tell me that it is easy, it will not be possible to share with everyone the bond of marriage that people are going through today.  For him Have done a lot of transactions. Transactions were always there. Everyone wanted that their daughter should get a very good marriage. The son's family also thought that a very good daughter-in-law should come and have a very good house. There was always a greed from both the parties. You are from a good family and will remain so. Consider yourself a rich person and your son has a job worth Rs. 40,000. So you can marry him above the level by showing off your grandeur, your flat plots and houses. Want to meet a girl, her level is ₹40000 fine in the market and you will find a very good girl there, I am not having classes here, anyhow, who should do what and below, rich and poor are not saying, I am telling you the phenomenon, what is wrong.  So when that boy's job is 40 which will go to 60 70 80 100 tomorrow, sometimes 400000, now the money is good even at this level, the girl is good, whatever it is, she is working now.  She is non- working, beautiful, very beautiful, got a lot of money, got a family, she has that combination, you can take it, I told you in a simple way, the level is this, her level is this, but your level is this, then this level is averaged somewhere, you did it here, now here.  Now you cannot run the program of your son throughout his life because after marriage, you are going on honeymoon also, where is Maldives, the tanka is worth 40-50 thousand, no, don't go, honeymoon happens once.  Every time a marriage takes place, the girl's expenses will turn so much, this boy will never be able to satisfy her desires and she will also not be happy and how long will you keep giving and sometimes greed is the opposite that friend, you are coming from here so you should enjoy.  These people say that our son's status is this, this is ours, this is yours, now by reducing this also we will bring the status of these two, you do a little, we will do this, then maybe it will turn out like this.  So let's not talk about the girl alone, then what will he do, I am not telling imaginary stories, you would be watching this, what happened brother, this is what will happen, now the boy will be attracted to his wife's father who is very capable and the wife is you only.  You have brought the motherly love, the man wakes up even in the name of the father. Sometime here, the washerman's dog, not the ghat, is being created like this. There is a solution in today's market. Look around your status, which is the child's, it is not yours to get married.  she has a child from the family  What else is happening to the child? What is happening to the child? Salary of Rs 40,000, iPhone worth Rs 80,000, I have given him the status of a walking motorcycle, give him a car, okay, we will do all this, it is our love, everyone says that too.  What is my benefit, but you do it on a sustainable basis, no money, then you do it in such a way that he is no longer 40 and he earns some more money, there is not that much money, there is not that much famine, neither are we that much.  Only he can do that, but we want to give him a start once and see that a good rich father-in-law has given us the rest. You know, you are less smart, isn't it? This is a pull, yes, there is a pull within the society, there is a pull in the society and at the same time.  The way I see it is that in girls' families, the girls do not do anything, there is no talent, there is no talent, if you think that I should bring a very good family, then there is a problem in a very good family, that is, the girls. Also, I want to tell you that someone sent a girl to the king's family. Is it okay? Princess Diana was able to remain happy. How did those people treat you there because your level was so low? For some reason, was their marriage premature or did you have a very good system?  You found someone and you did it. Was the queen happy? Then someone else became the queen later. Because you have to be relishing. Just ask yourself, you will know. Ask yourself, your face is not very great, it is great.  If you don't have personality and are getting very amazing then do you have a lot of money in the system? Be very clear because the basis on which marriages are done is also shaken. Many a times the perception itself is wrong. Many a times marriages are done.  It happens that they thought that you are rich brother, when you are marrying on someone's money, then tell him that yes, we are marrying for your money, at least do a little bit for him by showing your bank statement or property.  of  By showing in the registry that this is actually not a mortgage in your name, are you living with someone else's tenant or are you uncle and uncle, is this not happening then you will ask in the beginning whether it is in my name.  But we are also trying to find out, go and ask Sidhi if she is there, it will remain clear cut in her, marriage works well which runs on the basis of honesty, brother Hama - we have this strength, this is yours.  Strength is ours, our bhighness is getting removed from your strength and your weakness will be removed from our strength. This can also happen if the height of people in your house is short, whether it is a girl or a boy, if you marry someone like this.  Kari whose height is good then your Khanna speaks Khanna, Khandaan speaks, what do you say in Punjabi, what do you say in Punjabi?  There is nothing wrong in improving things. Greed is natural, but marriage is such a bond that astrologers should see and understand this thing. Also, parents are not talking openly. The marriages that are spreading today are the problems of the new generation.  It is not the fault of the parents, it is the fault of the parents. As soon as I say this, many will run away and type trolling. I liked it, I have put a little bit of the thought process of you guys, please tell me whether this can be discussed further or not. Hint A Gaya please tell me what is wrong thank you