Hello friends, today I have brought a very interesting topic for a very specific audience. If you are a government employee who joined before 2004, then you have completed almost 18 years of service, then this video is for you and for such people you will find this video.  It is very important to reach out because the dynamics have changed so much. If I talk about the current job, you people will say that we have a job, so what jobs am I talking about?  If I am talking about Job Singh, then there are outside jobs in this, outside the government jobs, there are jobs in this which is the private sector scene and I want to tell you that if you are stagnant in your organization, sitting in a corner.  These are given because there are hierarchical organizations, everyone does not know the above, if you are thinking about how to get rid of the dust from Surf Axle Matic, then this video is for you and please watch it.  Watch till the end and show it to your like minded friends. You have to see that today the economy has reached the inflection point. The value of retired people from government jobs is increasing in the market, who have twenty-two years of experience since 2004. I have gone with the magic figure because those who were before them get retirement pension, so if you are recruited in 2002, if you are from 2001, then you are before that.  If you get a retirement pension, then you do not understand this thing. Secondly, you have to see the reasons due to which your value is increasing in the market. There are three reasons which you do not know, no one told me, today I will tell you according to the current number 2021.  The trend that has started in the market is to bring the friend first and then tell the audience that this is the specialty of this channel. You will come to know after seven-eight months but you will not get that advantage. There is no advantage of preparation. Your biggest quality will be found that you are a government employee, I am telling you about the equivalent on Group B, you can also fit Group B to some extent, but privately Group A is for independent, this is your biggest quality is that you  You know how to get work done from people whose job is also permanent because you are in a government set up, so the employees under you also have the blessings of the government, they come through a selection process and you  It cannot be said that if someone does not do good work, he gives 15 days' notice and leaves because there is a different process for that, that is, if you know how to get the work done apart from threats, then if you get a share of the work in the private sector, then that is a process.  The skill is leadership and take a motivation, speak, speak or not, guide, say whatever you want to say, you can say it but that talent is inside you only in the set up and everyone has that talent.  There is less value because in your set up, everyone is roaming around on the talent, the market is giving him talent, what other special team do you have, there is stagnation in you, when you complete 20 years of service, you get pension.  Your children are also studying in schools. Your age will also be around 45 years. 42 43 45 years. If you are around 45 years then you will not have so much time to move from one city to another because you have already lived a lot in 20 years.  Have traveled around India, have seen the status, have seen the status, so the companies which are recruiting now, I talk to them like, and I am coming with current CG, then they say that the youngsters are 2530 3435.  Their marriages are getting delayed, children and I take it, it does not take any time for them to go from one place to another, expression is getting too much, witch state is increasing in last three months and trade test up.  If yes, then people are looking forward to people like you, those who have this stagnation, who settle comfortably in 11 jobs, then do not leave too soon because even if you have worked in one job for 20-21 years, then the third thing is report stagnation in you.  If you are in service on a group, then if you add your annual salary income then it ranges between 25-27 lakhs depending on which department you are in and how many alarm sets are available.  And what is the seniority, if it gives you 33 lakhs when it comes out, then couple with your pension hit belcoms very good amount for you and very good jumper you were the same amount for any other person who has got phase pe loot 2021 and further in that also.  If there is a lot of yearning to go, then these people who retire from government service get a chance to get a second innings and deliver it.  If those who were taking butterfly packages in the government, get assurance of staying at one place whether in Delhi-NCR or Mumbai, Bengaluru, Pune, this story is happening only in big cities, then you will grab that job with great courage.  Because you know what is the pain of going from one place to another, what is the pain of getting approved again and again, higher education of children is going to come when your age is 44 45 years, this is 20 22  23-24 years of service will be yours. These are the children who will be going to your tenth and twelfth. If you want stability, then this is the opportunity. 19 Mika, those who will tell you the dance area when they do it like this, it is okay, right now I am telling it by doing it like this, I am telling it in my work. I am fine, I will tell you later, otherwise by then he would have gone to First More Advantage. AP 's brothers who are coming out today are going to very good posts, very good, their tail is working, there is a need to ask a lot.  It happens that a government employee needs a higher salary a lot because the reason for his unhappiness is not the salary, because the fan has to increase by three percent, how high do you make the check, raise the flag, your increment has to be three percent, okay, so they have a habit. If you ask that the privilege of the neighborhood, his Namaste, Ji, Hazuri, Salaam, Dua, then you will get that too. The economy has reached that page and if you want to join it, then what else is there in this.  If there is Jugaad then open it, I would like to tell you about its preparation in time when you have to leave, this video which you are listening is two to three years old, so it means that after listening to this video, I have put it in the next month and it was done, I will say this much on this day.  Miss heading in the direction of you start preparing and hunting now that yes tell this thing let's see because till the time to plant the story it will take time then at this time you all people to start preparing now it's in the middle  Term about minimum to yes, before that you have to do a lot of preparations emotionally, emotionally, acid device family, back with that, there are criteria which I follow in my normal class, this is a webinar template made, I also teach in that if my excisable goods are  If you get interested in this then I will also do a webinar on it. If you are an acid party person, you fall in this zone and your age is between 40 to 45 years. And you have 17-a 20 years of service and you want to leave then you can connect with thank you you can type second innings stormy second innings on WhatsApp meaning I will understand that after watching this video you have come, I am a government employee, I have no interest.  What department do you belong to? I just want to guide you as S8 teacher. You just tell me your name. I have nothing to do with you, why are you leaving, where is your post, how is it.  Because of this because of disabilities will work template with beautifully for everybody I told this 1724 25 years age 40 to 48 years and not feeling happy in the current job openings stagnant 203 pound inches So according to me 70% people out of hundred will go to Art Festival of  GIFT SECOND INNING THIRTY AT SENT OF PEOPLE WOULD NOT TAKE  Please don't give any skill levels, he doesn't know how to write Gmail, doesn't know even a single polite thing, he is uninterested in Power Point and has absolutely lost his passion in arts too. Jain has not learned anything new in a government job and if he doesn't do anything, then few people.  Continue Okay, if you like this, then maybe you will not be able to get the value, but there is something hidden in it and there is some learning capacity in it and the crust which is not to smoke life.  Those who want and want to set up things for their children, it is very important because when I make a video about jobs for 20 to 25 year olds, then in it I will bring out the things that their parents are doing. This note is true.  Great Bearing What Do People Will Be Able To Do So Is You Are A Person In 4247 This Is Group Video Child In 1812 Thirteen Fourteen Years That This Very Very Intelligent Decision To Come Out Of Comfort Zone And See The Possibilities And Join That Person Country Addition Economy Habit Inflection Points That Going Forward I am also talking to all government people 2022 On Words You Will See People Outside Till Government 2 Minutes Rising Again  Very Fast The Last Time Will Happen Year-2002 Starting from 3 Train Continue 2178  There was no commission even on WhatsApp and six pay. The condition of the government employees had become very bad. They must have known what I am saying. Same line to set this is going to come set up once every city then after that everybody will not want.  To leave and know when most people want money people want to go through when competition increases then the man who has right timing in life is very important live timing in cricketer I hope people can understand a little sense of this, if the government employees are there, it will be good for the government too, the government will also like it and the people who are going here to beat you, when you retire, you will be a good person on retirement. Group Officer Greater Kailash-2 22-14 years of service Wallpaper Where is Vansh Yaar Unit Patanjali on was a 1st year student Embroidery is going to be seen in the country Have thought in sure of inflation and opportunistic money You to the Microsoft calculation money Retirement 's retirement benefit Getting benefits and making At that time that is a story Story and third is your job So these three things are your benefits Your third You can see this not only about job till year new job job 4548 Attributes Hum Activity Which You Will Be Able To Do So Let's Know You Keep Yourself Mental Lipsing West Indies Him Zor 5s Otherwise Retire Early and Decoration Starts Very Soon Ok If You Understand My Like Share And Yes And Connect with me thank you