Hello friends, this is the video number four of my movie series. Three videos have been made before this, Pushpa. I had made the first one about Pushpa, then I had told about friends, in the third one I had told about Papa and today again there is something related to Aamir Khan ji. Before that, I would like to tell you that this is my series, instead of subscribing to it, some people are running away, especially perfectly okay, because if you are touching someone in this way, you are hurting the belief system, then someone of that No, no good will happen, my work in the beginning of these videos is to demolish the beat system, two things will happen, the beat system will crush yours, if it crushes, then you will make a new one, you will be happy and you will say, come on, there is benefit in this and if it is not crushed then it is okay.  Whatever your beat system was, it would be very strong that someone tried to attend and could not win and my beat system is fine so it is fresh mine, this is to help people who run or have pain.  If this is the case, then they are not ready to agree to it or they do not have the logic from it to make the sale, so they want to run away just by listening to it and then the life that we had built for so many years in this beat system. One best way to live life is to question your beat system and crush them. If it is bad, continue those that are good and those that continue, question them after a few days. This is the only way.  The opposition to reforming the society also lives in a dynamic situation. Today's topic, Mhari Chhoriya Ke Chhora Kam Hai, Dangal picture had come, this was the punchline of it. Our Chhoriya Ke Chhora Kam Hai, and friends, understand Haryanvi festival organization, The Normal Translation. This is a place of profit.  It causes a lot of harm. Some people took its interpretation very badly. What I said was one side, it touched the other side. This is known from the example. I will also tell you the example of one more movie, then I will tell you the example of 2 movies. If you have daughters, please video. If you do not have daughters, if you have sons, then please definitely versus video. Because if someone's daughter has to come to your house, then both of them, you have a son.  Are you a daughter or are you someone's son or daughter? Are you married? Otherwise, you still have to see. You are newly married. You yourself are that daughter of ours who does not want to be less than the boys. Even if it is okay, you see.  Friends, this should be discussed with your family and they should click on it and share it. Tell me how bad was this Fateh and how good was it and write in the comment section and like if you like the video. Question is this, my dear children.  Why is it said that girls are here? Boys are here. To say that our girls are less than boys, then you are doing this, you are actually a drop in this controversy.  Winner of So and Hearing 2022 Appeal Reserve Singh First Woman Police Commissioner of Gurgaon First This on This First Year First Fighter Pilot First Woman Fighter Pilots It will be 75 years since India got independence till now We the first woman reached Hisar Let's celebrate that  I don't know what other countries are doing. Including fighter pilots, they became good before us. Pakistan became the first woman fighter pilot, please.  Google it, why are we celebrating this first? It's getting so late. Why should we get off by doing the first? Will there be a celebration of the first? Then the second, third, fourth shift never happens. First woman to climb Mount Everest. Tell us. India's sales pal will tell. Okay, I will ask for the second.  This will immediately go to secondary, let me tell you Santosh Yadav ji, it is ok, third, fourth, 60, now, if you don't know the number of sentences, then this is what we Jyoti girls do, we clip them on the gender before achieving anything. And we do it with boys, this is very wrong, no, we told this because from the movie series itself, I have to show you the son and the daughter, we have brought up our daughter or someone like this, we have brought up our daughter like a son, this is Mahabodhi, it means that  They cut her hair and kept it, made her a tomboy and then look at her, the hero comes, then her hair grows and then it starts looking a little from the other side, before that we treated him like a son, first son, you are my son, he is one of the best.  You are a big problem of the society.  Tell me, this is right and wrong, we also call our daughters son, we will not call them like this by name, son, you should not do this, this is what father is saying, mother is speaking and no other relative is also saying daughter, this daughter, you don't do this or you do this.  Meaning, why don't you call me daughter? They call me son. It is coming out of your mouth that you are coming out because son sounds good. Is this a big psychological issue? This is a big problem in North India, that even after having a daughter, she is considered a son.  Make another movie, Agar Aapne De Start Ho, Gunjan Saxena's name was in it, she became a pilot in the Air Force and within it, there is the character of Pankaj Tripathi ji, who is the character of Janhvi Kapoor ji, who says to her, 'Exam point time, is it okay? Have I told you?'  Let me go to the kitchen, let me spoil you completely, then do you know the name of any pulse? Hey, what kind of creature is this that I did not let you go to the kitchen, then what message does this send to the society that the girl who has some life  If she wants to do this, then she should not go to the kitchen. If she goes to the kitchen, then she will not become a pilot. I have come, so I am not a pilot. Friends in aviation have got so much circle. Insertion is fine. It is okay to know and recognize the mark of friends. Okay, so there are some very good ones in it.  Because it will feed itself and increase voice note and there is a great way to fly a plane, it is a lot of fun, it means one has to use the brain, it connects with a ceiling, which means perspective, what kind of light is it?  In the same way, there is such a thing as per taste in cooking, who said that the man who wants to become a pilot, this girl can also become a boy, it is good because we women, who today are the work of boys, who, with the growth of boys, can become their own.  They are taking the view that what is the biggest thing about having a boy in India, that he is born a boy, this is the biggest achievement, so like in North India, if a boy is born, then many of them have become big experts, so you can do anything, it is okay.  It gives a feeling and Girls are told that you are becoming like Undhiyu, who neither knows how to cook, nor how to make his own bag, nor how to manage utensils, nor how to wash clothes, nor how to do anything, you have to be like them. Now I am a marital counselor, so this is Most of all, the boy who is interested in young couples comes here, the crazy butch doesn't know anything, we killed the girl, we made the daughters equal, when the daughter of the son used to settle down in the house, then from 1968, the situation started deteriorating.  Now it is getting very bad, so they were women, their upbringing was good, but the history of girls was that they knew how to keep things clean and tidy in the house, whereas men never knew anything, so they used to settle down at home. Girls used to think that they were crushed, but then again.  They used to settle down as well. Ask me today, all those girls who are busy in competing for their own children, tell me something, your wife is doing all the household work, she has kept the mill with her.  I have done the grinding and asked her to get the food prepared for the whole house, I would have got everything done and my daughter is better now, don't do anything to your mother, we have juiced it, that girl will do the normal household work, this is our biggest mistake.  This is that we boys should behave like girls and we girls should behave like boys, boys should cook food, girls should come and boys should also come, they should keep house, China should know how to keep house, then everyone should do all the work.  Should you watch an English movie sometime?  Watch a Hollywood movie and you will see a translation of something being said in English that we have brought up our daughter like a son. Is there some concept like this, do those small children also go to the kitchen and can we also go to the cornflakes?  Open the packet, pour milk, add sugar, start doing this much, you have to go to the kitchen, this is considered a big achievement, children and girls are domesticated people, you will not go to the kitchen like boys and that other son-in-law too.  Will not go to the kitchen and the salary of both of them is ₹ 3000 is fine and then there will be no hope because she clearly seems to be of blood and in a city like Gurgaon the rent is so expensive then where will they eat outside 303 Susan will be seen This time means on Reddy Food is also available in Gurgaon for 300-400 rupees of dirty oil. If you eat enough food to fill your stomach briefly then you should know how to cook your own food. Society should give up this compound again and again that  Brother, my girls, we boys are idiots till the end, don't make even the dark ones a date, bring up the thieves like girls and give anger to the boys, and what does this additional competition between boys and girls, I will tell you one secret army man and woman and boy and  Girls Are Equal Not Equal and Will Never Be a Different Woman  Wearing so much for great beauty tips celebrity in this world by rationalizing it on the last settings, it will end if we told our daughters, our sisters and mothers like this world is the world only, that's why the opinions do not speak to the astrologer. Today the balance has been spoiled to such an extent that even those who have become ladies like men, thank you like men and pretend to be big men and by making big noises, the blood feels that they are women.  If you are fooled because today if a woman does not want to feel like a woman, then there can be no benefit to that gender. The number of women shown in movies these days as if they are liberal or something else, why does China see cigarette smoking?  Drinking, live-in-relationship as per your wish and doing all these things, meditation, which boys used to do, now girls are doing the same thing, so it seems that Gautam has not been activated like this, I am like many people. I will stop this because some more content also network of Buddhist monks were taken by the audience with and they run away and if they run away too much then such cricketers also face my problem, it is okay so my moral  To increase this, please share it, like it and please stop making these girls equal to boys and go towards making them equal to girls, the day the boys and girls become equal to them.  On that day, the society and the country will do a lot of good where the boys and girls are becoming equal. Friends, countries will do much better. I hope you all have taken the biggest message from this. Many people would have started tearing their hair out.  And the worst thing is that they get stuck, order a little second, third and fourth. Now it has been time for me to say this order thinking in many videos, so my audio audio is enjoying very much. It is a great peace for me that people who have been associated with me for a long time and have written in the comment section, I also recognize their names Bano, till now I am making me only for them because please question the belief systems. And it is never wrong to question the belief systems. If this system is not questioned in the society, that society becomes stagnant. Bath jets are no more for us. Whatever good our belief systems are, they will remain.  Those who are not good will change a little by questioning them. Changes are inevitable. I hope you guys liked this series and if you want to take it further then there is more interesting and good content on it and I will relate it along with the movies because movies influence our subconscious.  Attracts thank you are a