Hello friends, video number 3 of my movie series was the one of Pushpa, number two was on friendship, today's video is also going to be very interesting, there was a song Papa Kehte Hain Beta Naam Karega To 1998 movie Kya Wah Se Qayamat Tak, Aamir in it. Khan ji had sung the song, there has been a lot of loss due to this song and tell me how much difference does it make, one thing in this song is the sentiment that only sons will name it, people will interpret it like this but I am the third one.  I am flirting, will we name that son or daughter? This is not the question. Why is there a problem of naming this? Why do we have to make our name famous because in the middle of this, we did not speak in the back. Will we do it in the 16th movie Ek Phool Do Mali Rajasthani song gaate hain? My secret is dear in the bright world, so it has gone to us somewhere in the Indian cycle or in the subconscious. At that time also, parents were born who heard that song on the fifth day or whatever.  Whether born on the 16th or saw him in it or the children born later, I want to ask about the name of the children born after embryo testing. What is the name of Mahatma Gandhi's father? How many people know that who is our current President?  What is his name? What is father's name? What is father's name? Don't know the meaning of the name. The child will only illuminate his own name. My father's name will not be illuminated and if he does not illuminate his own then what difference does it make? What is there in the name that this name is there?  to illuminate  If people in the campus improve their lives then if I become an IS then my name will be glorified Babban, so IS are roaming in India and at least 1 lakh would be sitting retired knowing who's father and whom's father.  Know these days, people are too busy setting up the rules of their lives, not interested in you, not needed, not impressed and where moving direction, I hope you guys are in this  You will not be in the trouble of appointing a thing. Many children are worried that your name will be highlighted. You will feel that you have become illuminated. How much practical is it, you have to see if it will do good to the family. Amitabh Bachchan is there and Abhishek Bachchan is also his.  It is okay to eat bread and the name of the family is fine, but if there is pressure on the child, then the child is not clinging to his life. You also enlighten me and tell me the meaning of Sunil Gavaskar ji's son but Akshay is as good as he is.  pretend to be a cricketer Pressure on Sachin Tendulkar's son is okay, please tell me your name, whose name is Roshan, all is ready, now what to do, Sachin Tendulkar's name is remembered, Sunil Gavaskar's is remembered, Sachin Tendulkar's father's name is not remembered.  People will always say, subscribe a lot, Sharma ji Sharma ji Sharma ji, in your affair, I mean, you go to enlighten everyone, to calm down your life, I will tell you one secret of mine.  Let's go in the process of illuminating this, okay, the name is okay, so what is there in it, you have to do your life, yes, today we are in that competition and there is so much population that if you want to take action in one thing, take name in anything.  You can also add a check with pimples, then you will have to leave behind all the other fat things in your life, you will have to move forward only in that thing because competition does not go away, you cannot say that my family life  It is very relaxing, I myself also relax, I also do these jobs and do this work also, there will be no topper like this, you have to do it, if you want to become a topper then you have to do the same work and roast for 18 hours and do it continuously.  And if you are given a name in it, then it is okay, you will remember it a little, but it is true that after a hundred years, everyone forgets the name. Check in your family, all the audiences that you have heard about, whose elder passed away a hundred years ago.  Do you remember the name? Yes No Was not born, was born, will be remembered, if everyone is gone, everyone knows their father's name, grandfather's name is known, father, grandfather's name, subscribe because very few people know the one above that, you keep it that war is not known.  If it doesn't remain then we will not have our name in subscribe and like and subscribe now Papa says that if you do a big name then it will do, then those who have daughters will have it because if you want to get everyone's name done, then those whose name will be done.  Daughters, I am telling you that in our equally beneficial North India, those whose daughters they have are queens, now we don't even have names, what is the disease of animals, what is the need of everyone to make their name famous, then if you have a daughter, then that means  So we ca n't attempt the question paper, we can sing about having a son named Roshan, na papa says son will do the name or will Roshan do the name in the world, my beloved will only have one daughter.  And if he doesn't have a child or has two daughters or has 3 daughters, then that's why he didn't come, it's okay, so from one stupidity we moved on to another stupidity, that next one will be from my series, that too will have Aamir Khan ji's environment. Like, there is a little enrollment of Aamir Khan ji in this. How do you like this series? It is my attempt to correct the heart processes that have gone wrong with movies. I liked the first two videos very much.  Hope also liked that we do not have to ask our questions. When Alia Bhatt ji was asked what is the name of the President and she was made fun of a lot, she knows it is wrong, she is fine with us, if I told her the name of the Chief Minister of Maharashtra, then printer  I didn't know that I made fun of her so much. Tell me about it too. But Alia Bhatt is an actress and her acting. Comment on her. How much money she has to earn. There will be so much hatred, but from today we are going to rescue her.  All the schools are preparing for the exam, everyone knows that their wife is not getting a job and subscribe to make your name famous, remember it and do not waste time in explaining it. You can subscribe on Amazon. You are a specialist in listening.  Parents put a promise on their children that you will bring glory to my name. Say, as you have brought glory to your father's name, I too will do this much. Answer this to the next generation that you will bring glory to the appointed name.  I will take no more negative option, my friend, and if you pour more light from within me, then in my destiny I will be able to bring as much oil into the light as I can, and when you have to give something to those who give you the oil, then waste your time in illuminating, not in illuminating.  I am telling you this topic through mine, how I think, I bring it with originality, there is no cut, copy paste, no, I bring it by reading it from books, as if I have read a book, English life, doing it like this and why is it here. What is not mentioned is that the original thought for doing reformer type work is coming next and today it is more difficult to explain doing these things because in olden times, the reformers were educated and Janpath used to fly, so it would take a little time to explain to them, Vidyasagar ji. What about you, Mohan Roy ji, who at that time used to understand his words by talking formally and big because Active Used to Come From This and your wife is so educated and like this.  And the public is like this Today, UP police youth think that it is more difficult than one and a half year ago to discuss, discuss, understand that using internet is more difficult than one and a half years ago, but the society still needs to subscribe that we can change our life. Due to the situation now, we cannot do anything about what is happening in Ukraine, but let us spread raita within ourselves, with our wrong thought process, at least we can control the things which are in our hands.  If you have control, you can control it. Are you a parent today, can you remove your own ghost and disease, forget about me, my children's company in our place, and do whatever is right in my name, thank you very much, very good.  It will remain like this one and this series is presented by me, I have very good ones, please do like it in the comment section, if all this is fine, then I will keep bringing very good series in this way, it will cover everything with age.  this is my basic  A