Hello friends, all parents need to watch this and all parents need to send it on all parent groups whose children study in school. This is a very important topic to make the public aware. Then don't cry that it was not told, then don't cry that it was not.  This is the government, this is the school, this is the biggest danger for the children, it can strike any time, I will not use the word tragedy but this could be an accident, please pay attention.  If your child's school has a basement where they are taken for extracurricular activities, I know many schools in Gurgaon, if I take their name then I will face a lot of trouble, but even without taking the name, I am telling you that  Not many, my thoughts are the same, there must be four or five, those who will not be there, children are taken to the basement there, most of the schools are very old, those old schools were never built in such a way that they are built so openly, over a period of time, children.  This thing has become too much, it is a pan India problem, be it any city, please, you go to parent teacher meeting, you go to pay school fees, sometimes you go to collect books, you as a parent are authorized to enter the school, okay, you go and check.  Do this, I know many schools do not even allow parents to see there, there is a smell, one cannot breathe, even if one believes that even if there is no accident, the environment is unhealthy, the oxygen levels are low. Someone's socks smell bad, someone takes off his shoes and goes, someone is having a music class, someone is having a debate competition, someone is having a quiz competition, someone is having an assembly, someone is standing there, then those six sections and eight sections.  12 sections have been made in the school, all these people are being rude and are misbehaving, there should not be a basement in the school, why should it ideally be there, why should there be a basement in the school and  If for some reason there is school storage, to maintain the same values ​​every day, let's make it for this, the land above us is very expensive, I also know that I also have real estate work, I understand, I don't talk in the air, so let's go.  You have made it for storage, let's do something but it is not a correct thing for children to go there. Uniforms are sold inside the basement at many places. Canteens are opened at many places in the school. I don't know what is its utilization and for any reason.  Short circuit in the rains, something like electricity or more children coming [Music] Stampedes I am also telling you, look, these school people are not able to control themselves, they are very arrogant, these people are fine and very powerful too and what do you have to do with your  The child has to say, son, daughter, you don't have to go, no, not in the basement, no, that is my function, that is the preparation for the annual day, that is our assembly today, tell me, do n't go, no, we will give the money to the teacher, which of us are those who do this?  They ask for money for tantalus, don't they, they do n't get enough money from the fees, do you know the school students, okay, so wear their tantalus every one and a half month, wear that today, do it today brother, take the money, my child will not go. Not in the basement, after giving if it happens, all these parents should gather, it must be some other group of yours, tell me, we have not made your child Hrithik Roshan, friend, don't make your child very happy.  Any talented singer is fine or something, we don't, we don't send them to school to study, we have to teach, teach, don't teach, that too will be seen, this child will not go to the basement, just strictly forbid your child, no, but he will not go to the basement.  Then he will remain alone in the class, that will also be safe, no, by doing this, tell all the parents that our children will not go, then they will sit in the class only, and the child of eighth class is not small, second and third, I believe that  Child, sitting in class is also an issue, but if you raise this issue, you will raise this issue, there is sunshine, there is CPH, there is also dance, many children are asthmatic these days, I know this is a big issue.  Yes, and through this video, I am raising the whole question from YouTube4, they closed this, closed that, then again, will they open again? Will our country wake up after this thing happens, because what do you think, my child is the parent.  Is  Rest of the parents are also there, no one is saying anything, the school people, someone else will take care of them, this is the most useless syndrome. Recently, in a society in Gurgaon, this has happened that a grandmother left her 5 year old grandson in the swimming pool, thinking that there is a lifeguard to save him.  Will take and that child was swimming in an area of ​​one and a half feet, now the child is 5 six years old, so one and a half feet is nothing, it is a lot, he went into the 4 feet area, anyway swimming pool is not deeper than 4 feet.  Would  There is no allowance in the societies, 4 feet is not even a thing, height is very less but brother, unfortunately the child drowned in that too, grandmother left and that brother was busy on mobile, now uproot his ass and arrest him.  You have done this, you have done this, then will the child come from it, will they be left, then in a few days you have left your own child, why brother of parents, India is our country, India is our country, here the rider is responsible for his property and life.  Do not think anywhere after picking up that nothing will happen, someone else will take care of the road, you cross the road like this, the driver will stop you, if you use your mind, if the driver stops you, I will die, then you cross the road looking left and right, then this is a  The real issue is crowding wherever you are and before choosing your schools, see how many schools are so called, they are very good, they are very old, the infrastructure is very bad, there are safety issues here, nothing is being done, there is no greatness in the children going to the school. People are saying no, my school is doing school school school school school, one by one, that holiday is happening, Haryana government has done some holidays, I got a message from someone, Hey, why are the school people doing so many holidays brother, your child's holiday.  Will it be a problem? Brother, there are parents too, there are not many activities, get him talent, make his personality, even the schools are giving so much money, then do n't become this Tantalus, nothing is happening in the country of India.  We are citizens, we have such personality, we have got so many medals in the Olympics, we are not doing so great, don't put unnecessary pressure on yourself, you have paid the fee of 15-20 thousand, so it does not mean that it will come out from there, what do you say, who is that Parag Parag?  Your chess boy will become completely different, your IQ will increase, your personality will change, nothing is going to happen, you are average, your husband is average, your child is average and this is the story in most of India.  Accepted: Yes, you will have to pay the fee because you are in a big city and the fee has to increase in small cities. We cannot stop it, but in the process of extracting more juice from it, it should not happen that you end up causing loss to yourself and this is me.  Again and again at the cost of repetition, I request all the parents with folded hands to do more audit as a parent, you go, show your concerns, say, we want to see this in my child's class, so I have seen, okay, a lot of places. I am telling in the classes that there is second third first second third fourth, there is glass, there is no grill and the children sit there, go to the window and someone else can fall, even a small child can fall and the schools have done so much stupidity that  There are children of first, second and third class, we have given them the third and fourth floor and those who are tough from 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th and 12th, we have given them the first floor and second floor. I also give this consultation to the schools: Friend, on what basis are you doing the classes? The child does not go in the lift, a child of 5 years of age, of 6 years of age is taking the books so far back, you make him climb four floors. And the child who can climb is a 13-year-old child who is strong. At the age of 14, 15 and 16, he becomes even stronger. So, the senior classes should be above, the junior classes should be below, at least on the ground floor.  They did this KG phasey one, they made up their minds that that one was fine but they moved the second, third and fourth classes up, then moved them to the middle, then changed them, and then moved them from top to bottom, top to bottom, top to bottom.  They keep taking us somewhere, there is a need for a lot of safety audits, there was a problem, there are many more such issues, there is under construction inside many schools, something or the other is going on, one of the wing, some work is going on there, electricity here and there.  There are strings of people working, this is also a big issue. When is the summer vacation or 10th or 122nd day, when there is Dussehra holiday or any other holiday, drag the work in it, not that school should also go on. This misbehavior is also happening in many schools. Where will the rain come from? Where will the rain come from? Where is the car parking? Where will the car be parked? How to move the area of ​​the car. How will the children go in the car? How will the walkers go? How will others go? How are they coming? How do they sit in the car? Is the system in place? Parents have full right to go and check and guide. I am not saying that all the school people are idiots.  They do n't want to keep their protocols because they also know what will happen if a scandal happens. Have you seen Rahu Academy's shop, how it is closed, how everyone else's is also closed when something happens? It's okay, but the parents also have to worry a bit.  You have to be proactive, tell your children, my child will not go in the basement, make a note and give it, just say he has breathing issues, write down anything you want to write, my friend, you also ask for this, give it to them, tell them that my family feels claustrophobic and  And told the child no I will miss out my friends guy take the child out of peer pressure nothing happens nothing happens and nothing is going to happen after passing the debate I am very good at debating  Nothing happens, but it does develop personality. I will also teach you someday what makes you good. These Indians are not good at school debates and quizzes. They have become Rattu parrots everywhere. Even in the US, only Indians top all the quiz competitions.  What capital is it, what currency is it, which war happened when, I know everything, I memorized everything throughout my childhood and it is of no use, it is of no use, Capital of Peru.  You will not uproot anything from Lima. If you do not have to go to Lima and where you have to go, G will tell you there within two seconds. Whatever G tells you, there is no need to remember those things. You need to remember those things.  You need to know those which go to your thought process level because now humans have reached here, earlier they were not there, earlier all the verses had to be memorized, earlier these charts were made, charts of astrology are made, these days they are made by hand. put your  This is how it comes inside the letter, your G is Taurus, is your Moon in the fifth house or everything comes in a second, you don't have to do anything, you should just know how to interpret, you should know the rest of the things, there is no need to remember these things now.  This is called progress of human values, progress of human beings, that is, don't put me in the old things, but we are still going on the same, then they say, Indian education system is bad, the system is not bad, you people who have entered the system, want this product of mine.  Someone has to debate, I have to sing, I have to sing, there is no need, there is no need, I will tell you what to do, otherwise the video will be long, but for today, I had to guide you all.  Be very careful about these things, I hope you will like this video, please share it on parents group, it is important because if anything is saved from this, it is worth sharing the video, thank you very much to the channel.  Subscribe and like thank you