Hello friends, my playlist of Kaise Studies is very famous. Kaise Studies have been included in it. If you have not read it then check it out. By watching these Kaise Studies, you too can become a consultant or if you identify in your situation, then you will get a little clarity.  If you have the power to know what to do, then today the study I have brought for you is that how parents refuse to move out of small town is a study and this is me.  How to study the specific meaning is not the same, I will do it by mixing and matching because many people come to my consultation, it is a matter of great pain, it is good for the next generation and also for the society, so I will keep only my imaginary characters in it, Rohit and Neha.  And this Rohit and Neha can also be you and I have combined the many cases that have come to me and I am trying to tell you the situation. This is a typical situation for you guys.  The situation of the study is that the parents live in a small city, pick any small city of India and the children are doing their jobs. Ok, let's pick Gurgaon, you can also pick Bengaluru, ok and pick any other small city.  Take Jind Kaithal, you take Haldwani, take Uttarakhand, where parents live, it is off- circuit, there is no airport there, no one, your connectivity is very good, and you do not have any medical facilities, small town or any other.  Grab it at random, what happens now is that when children get married and the children themselves are 25, 27, 28, 30 years old, from 25 to 30, the A moment ahead for the parents is between 52 to 57, now it is below 60.  I have n't had any diseases till now, it may be possible that father is not retired, he is 56, mother is 52, okay, so brother, he belongs to a lower caste than that.  In the first 20-2 years, they gave birth to children and their 27-year-old son is getting married, while she is 14-49, so she did not get the feeling at the time that we have to do something like this, we have to live with them as soon as the marriage takes place.  There is a feeling of relief that the parents have given up, now we live our lives, which is a natural feeling, it is okay and it does not happen too much, but as time passes and more and more  With old age comes desolation and emptiness syndrome comes, then they feel that children do not come to meet us, now today the problem will be that there is competition between boys and girls too. Earlier it used to be like that if there is a marriage then it will be a girl.  It has nothing to do with her and her parents. Brother, the girl has been married. Now, whenever she has to go on vacation, she had to go to the boy's parents. Nowadays, there is competition in my house for five days and in your house for five days.  You spend five days in your house like this, now you get very few holidays, so no one can come and go there, there are fights and there can be off circuits too. The boy's parents live in Haldwani and the girl's parents live in the same locality.  Now both of them are like, go here, go there, go by road, how should I go, for how many days should I go, there is relief and there is a lot of relief among ourselves, now the boy has stayed with his in-laws and came back, it is very Gandhi of someone.  It is okay even today in North India that they live in my in-laws' house rather than mine. We don't get respect. We brothers used to just leave once in a while to have food and go and these tents are ours. Now that is okay. Couples will think that it's our holidays, both of us are busy earning double income in our own way, now the meaning of holidays is to spend them separately, what facility do you have for your parents, if you want to wash away their own tears then it is practical and  If you look at the children, especially the small ones, they become involved in travel as well, but as the age increases, like I saw in my studies, in the same number of consultations, some of the parents have some small-  Fat illness, going to the doctor, emotional support, less bank, less car, less insurance, less maintenance of the house, all this is a gradually increasing relief and it is not only their mother who does it, but their father, too. Retired, they used to become less earlier if they were officers or they used to become somehow because they don't have anyone with them now, they are not able to do anything, Mataji, that button is not worth pressing, Paytm, Paytm and Uber, Uber and this saree.  Even in a small town everything is possible, otherwise no such urban clap has been done, yours has reduced it, okay, then there is a frustration, they fight among themselves and then tomorrow they make a complaint to them that this is yours, it is like this.  Your mother is like this, this happened to me today, this happened today and the children are getting fed up, then the children say, man, you are with us, they do not say, how come we are with you, Jain, well, in many cases, what happens if there are more floods in the future?  There is only one period, one period goes, Gurjar goes, one period goes, now the tricky situation becomes more, there is caste, now you are left alone, you do not come to meet me, oh you are one, you are not there, how can I stay with me?  I have memories of how it happened recently, okay, a government officer is retired, I do n't know the name of a department, which department is it, how did he go to the High Court that my children don't come to meet me and then when he got married, he was like a child and  He himself is saying that and on WhatsApp too he has been rotating his head a lot and my children are saying that father, you are the one in our society who will take you to jail next door, you can easily stay with us, yes see brother and everybody.  Above Particulars Further yes, look brother, he is saying like this, hey, he is a very good child, if he is saying like this, is he saying anything wrong? No, I should leave my house, I am my memories, he is inside the house, my wife's memories, which memories? When you used to say to your wife, take tea, why haven't you washed my clothes, where is my towel? This is the only memory you remember. How much happiness you gave to your wife. You are remembering the wives of this generation. You are missing your wife.  Are you not a slave, every man misses these kinds of things, in India someone says that my videos are popular only when my life is coming out, everyone believes that you walk like this, why can't you speak against the elderly, why can't you speak?  When a 70 year old leader is an elderly person, who says what all against him and it is possible that that person is also the Prime Minister, then what is the problem in normal elders speaking - a 70 year old leader, an 80 year old leader, that 85 year old leader. Sharad Pawar ji is the leader of the year. What is his own nephew saying? So what to say, what has to be said, why doesn't he retire, why can't he say Holi, this is democracy, everyone can speak to everyone for 24 hours, when an elderly person can keep his word.  Isn't this a generation, this is a present day's children, today's girls, today's boys can speak 24 hours, then why shouldn't the reverse be true, Shakti, what other memories come to you, then stay comfortably with Yadav again.  Why do they become sad then where can they come from for those Yadavs, for how many days can they go, ask these elders how many times they used to come to their parents when I used to get jobs and they used to get all the government jobs on time and this one got the shock. Then that letter came from all over the country saying that this problem of yours has been going on for 20 days. By then that problem had already ended and nowadays it is someone else's job. I don't see the story in front of them, it is my own. Brother, how can I get the leave given to you by leaving aside all the leave, because at that time he is a very big government employee, my parents' brother-in-law has used two months' leave, in some departments you even get two-two-two-and-a-half to three-month leave.  Do you know which departments are there? Advise, that tree, Casual Ali, Holi, Diwali, there are no 3335 set holidays, different government, state government people, ask brother, I don't know this milk.  All the holidays, take this one, take this, take it forward, take it back, Saturday and Sunday are ours, and they are trees, and they are casuals, and they are also day days, and sickly ones, and half pants, and they are like that.  That one has also gone missing. Okay, so he had many types of sarees, so he used to add some of his addresses in all these. These days, the corporate ones whose leave for 10-15 days won't say much, if they say then it will be at home only.  Go serve yourself and do the same, you take leave, now in that 10-15 day leave, your wife and children are insured, then take leave, you yourself are insured, then take leave or do it with him, you have the right to travel for five days in a year, take it for that.  Or he comes to you and meets you, you tell me when will he come, poor guy, what should he do, should he leave the job, 10 lakh children are coming to the job market every day, people are not getting jobs, it is okay, there is a lot of chaos everywhere, there are those jobs.  and job and  Should she marry the one she is engaged to or should she keep crying for you only? We are always there, we don't meet, we don't live, hey, why don't you go to you from morning to evening, no less, you are not there with them, we do n't feel like a mother, I don't feel like a mother in a big city, okay? Which mother of yours will you seduce for 40 years? Which child's mother did you seduce? By the age of 40, he was 2345 years old and which one did you listen to all his things? You were 10-12 years old.  Had to say something, used to even slap, at the age of 14-15, he started reducing his actions and many at the age of 16-17, after taking their exams, they went left right, how much, how much, in the name of printing, how much, how much, will you do any date and  There should be a cut off, please reserve yourself and what is the biggest problem? When you actually get insurance, then the hospitals are only among the big lions, aren't half of the people taking this facility, they are government parents?  There are these cigars, there is something wrong with them, it is okay, now that facility is free, but it is not in a small city, it is not like that, it is in a big city, so when you have to go to a big city, then  Then you will go and live in your son's daughter's son's daughter-in-law's and their homes. Hey, you are an insurance man, why do you want to stay in their house? Why do you want to stay in their house? Why do you want to live in a high-tech house because you are a dialysis patient? Hey, why didn't you take your time's salary? in the old age of  Maybe I will have to live with them, I will take a 2bhk house, no one will pay for it, the Buddha patient will be given the program, he will remain inside the house, why should I keep Vaastu, it will be bad with an old man, my channel is not showing old men down.  Mine is not for the poor, it is for those who are sitting with notes in their HD, everyone is sitting in their shops like this, I am telling you about the things that should remove your old age with respect, I am not showing it below if the smell of your medicines is too much.  If it is your family members then why should they listen to him and where are we Jains? Then they too will grow old one day. Yes, they too will grow old one day so they too should live separately because there is an essence in the life of son and daughter-in-law and from that in the next generation.  They are also doing the same and the juice of your life has been sucked, the energy has been sucked, if you live in their perfect house, you will tighten them, why are you trying so hard, you will give them property, they will leave one property and they will take care of you maybe.  is in your room So Jai your son or daughter-in-law or ever any attendance or anything but cup date little beat distance and cup your dignity with yourself because old age is a big disease in itself and 20-25 years is not going to kill the story, you have turned 70.  So now you are old, you are not young and you will remain old for 90 years and will keep getting old, so hang a band on them on time and give them property in the big city where your children live. Buy it, eat its rent and when the situation comes such that you have to go, brother, go ahead and what do I have to do for your children who are listening here, I have to show them this video, I have to show them a practical video and tell them that brother, listen, you have to do something.  So here is a thing that we cannot leave our job till 60 years and by our 60 years you will be 90 years old, then 70 to 90 years old and when a man is 60 years old, his capacity is also not there.  Some service has to be done by the nurses, the attending doctor, the hospital system, no one else has to do the actual work and it involves money, that money will be yours, your child's money or someone else's, look at your system.  Do not think again and again that if it comes to a small town then what will happen to the people of small towns, if the children go to big cities in small towns, you tell me, I am doing this in small and big cities, we will do it in India.  and went into it  Children went to Canada, children there are also in the same situation, one day your child left immediately, you set your program for your old age, he cannot do anything, at first it is a lot of fun that our set is complete, you keep clipping in the kinship.  You go there, you are young, you also go there to enjoy the beauty of a foreign country, you also drive a cart, you have children, your wife is also a caste, you get all the good things from your business, if you had a daylily, then how can you go to India like this? Let's go to India too, which was his struggle in the first 10-20 years. A person changes so much when he goes only for outside hours. There is so much trouble where he settles down, then why India, mother, why should my parents serve you, why can't my parents go because I am cold?  Hey, it's winter there, so old people don't live there, you are the one who is there with them, is this the one who is holding on to the knowledge or not, so you will remain only this kid here, this one is not going to work like a grandfather, you may be a grandfather but your  Bullying is going to happen, isn't it?  The message is clear that neither Nani Giri is going to live in the city nor Grandmother Giri is going to live in it. It is pragmatic and practical. They are confused. They know all these things which are being told on the face of mouth and it is being told in Hindi where they can be understood. Today, when you are in cities, you are 65 or 70, you cannot visualize that even after doing like this, you will be 88. No one else will come because you  If you haven't made a plane, after 80 your brain power also reduces a bit and all this is not so much relief, first of all, make your plane on time, talk to your children, stay close to them, they will take care of you, but that too is not a guarantee.  We will see, we will make some system, if you stay away then brother, take care of yourself, sometimes you will come but they will say then why don't you die, I just took leave for five days, I went here, now again leave in six months, then leave again in eight, you are 74.  Who are you now?  She is 78, has just turned 79 and has turned 80, now she is living, death is not like this, right now medical science is like this, it will come in 1995, so at the last time someone will come, but someone's last time comes every six months.  So how come brother, this is a very black thing, comedy, black comedy is a very painful thing, but it is also practical and true, you share your choice, friend, let it remain like this, then gradually their body also starts responding.  Then what will you do, you are still not married brother, if you became you at the age of 25 and you became a mother at the age of 22, then you are 82 years old, your husband is 85 years old and your son is 60.  Your 60 year old son is not of Salman Khan's fitness. Well, he too has his own struggles. He too may have more diseases than you. He has seen more stress than you and at the age of 60, he has children.  Some marriage of his children has not taken place, there is a job collection going on, he himself is not able to understand that friend, my job is shooting along with it, now where should I go, are you relaxed, are you getting any pension or rent from the story?  Hey, it is yours, you are doing FDM and keep your request, you are not getting the program even at the age of 85. Even at the age of 85, the parents feel as if their 6061 62 year old child will not [ __ ]. Why won't the child [ __ ]? Give me tea, do something for us.  Do n't ask this thing, first meditate freely that this is the story playing out. Everyone knows how old you are, everyone knows how old the child is, everyone knows the nature of the child, everyone knows how the daughter-in-law is, everyone knows how the son-in-law is.  Whoever is a happy person today, aged between 60 and 70, is not surprised to know how his next party is, what they are doing, what are their compulsions, he should understand otherwise he would run away from the neighbours.  Hi, nothing will be achieved by running to the court, just the Supreme Court, what will they do then, they will come to take our property, so take your own, whoever interferes with yours, give it to someone else, who will take care of the property for you.  It does n't even happen because I know that you will not get salvation, you will get it, he doesn't even tell the story, show your strength, do a case in reverse mode yourself, no old man is kept in jail, this is also a truth that many people say.  There will be no 70 year old man in every house.  He doesn't even want to keep the rent in the house, he has no shoes inside the house, everyone has medical issues, he says, why is everything happening in my house, it is important to have one's own house, that's why you won't get anything even in a car in a big city. In a big city, those who are able to play their Facebook HD, you have to turn into dust, you become your property, eat the property rent, God bless you, you ever have to come to a big city, may you keep walking on your hands, you should definitely not have too much money for your children too, you may have less money and  Stay strong and out of 90 years  Walk wide and sweet and be happy while sleeping at night, which is the best scenario, but for this best scenario, if you have kept your house there in a big city, then what kind of loss have you incurred, you are paying rent and money.  The same child has been your question, he is giving you your HD, you are getting mutual funds from him, that money is flooding you, you will also see the property, you can also see your wife, but if God has given you a special position, then you  You can come to your house and keep it as your own. Whatever two rupees you have to take, which 3 4 5 rupees it is necessary for the elderly to take, make arrangements wherever your child is comfortable, where your child can stay mostly. Hey brother, as you grow older, when your child crosses the age of 40-45, his/her moral excuses are also set whether he/ she is living without a date or where the child was. Bill stay talk aman you talk yourself about the family yaar upar nahar ra le let's take the house first floor first floor is very very important many children are being put in guilt and the child thinks like this I don't take care of my parents  Take care, take care, take care of your parents, children are not born to take care of them, what are you saying, children are born so that life can be extended further in this world, mother, you have to take care of yourself, what is this? Mother, your money will take care of them and mother, you will take care of yourself. If you end up with exactly 9899 rupees, your next generation will be supported, but no generation has spent 25 years. This is the message to you, no child will take you from 75 to 100. I know many elderly people who themselves would have been 95 but their child passed away before 70 and that too died. 70 years are no less but they. 102 Note Out And that movie was good, wasn't your Rishi Kapoor and Amitabh movie okay, so when will one go first, will someone else go first, no one knows anything, don't go with such a guarantee that the elders will go first, the court has shown.  Given that anyone can sing anyone's number first, your next generation is more unhappy, more terrorized, more excited, in depression and more of them have issues and you also have medical issues, all of them have reduced now, what is the tension in your body?  you just have it Take care of yourself the whole day, from the time you wake up in the morning till Lake Soni. Forget about the elderly, take care of your body and what is his responsibility. So when he has to take care of himself, it is the Wazir in the morning and then he is doing his Pranayam. Then there.  He is doing this, then he is doing this, then he is doing something of his own, then he is doing meditation, then he is listening to satsang, what a quality of life, then he is drinking juice, then he is doing this, then he is alone, sister-in-law and something else.  tell me something good like this  If not, then please listen to your children. When old age is coming, keep your jugaad. In a big city, in a small town, time is passing. Keep doing it. There will be a stage when you will become so old that even in a small town no one wants to meet you.  I don't want to come because it's yours, I just talk to you too much, neither listen to you nor go away, then at the time of voting, it becomes clear that this is only the picture of my Dharmendra, I am my own, there are many people, there is nothing in my little lions.  and your  We try to make it so that this one will go, that one will go, give yellow tea to someone, do it at such a time, I did not know that ours are ours, what is your blood is yours, your blood will come to you so soon, give up.  Don't do it and don't be so quick to insist that why don't you, I will give you some DK worth one crore, I will give you a DK worth one crore, keep two crores friend, keep it friend, if the child gives you a gift for the rest of your life, then take it with you.  give it to someone then where?  Then you can't do anything about Nana ji and someone else also had something else invested in it and there will be repeat time. Which one did you buy for Rs. 2 crore? You are living in it. You are living in it, so you are living in it.  As long as you are here and when you go away, you will definitely go away. You cannot take a thing with you. If you cannot take a thing with you, then you are making such a version of it. It is not that by doing labor for it, you have given it to me.  Friend, he is a child and he bought the same thing.  Why do parents do this? Why do Indian parents do this? Hey, I don't understand. Keep Rs. 2 crores in the bank. In 2 minutes, someone will jail you. You will stay in jail there, he will take you to jail. No one has sent you to jail. If you are a Buddha, I will jail you.  He is not going to pay, I do n't know, you have 25 diseases, you can't climb the ground floor on CD, the landlord has already given a lot of money to the landlord, there is relief on the ground floor, there is relief on rent on CD, so the tenant.  Is it practical for an 80 year old man to keep his own house? You understood what I said, you guys are not getting bigger and if you are getting bigger then I am trying to make you a little bigger so that the world you live in is fine because  It feels big, neither does the brain think, if the thing is 80, then it is good, then the song like this is good, listening is good, singing is good, went to satsang, heard good, good thing never changes, some thing, which may be bad, may put you to sleep. What if I force you?  I forced you to sleep, will you show this thing to your parents, will you explain to them, please Sher will thank you very much.