That Hello friends, Kareena Ramakar in Affordable Housing, results have come. Normally, I do n't make a video when the results come, so it is made first and it is very important that I must tell interesting things about this project. This project was Lohangi Fruit, many people clicked it. Congratulations to all of them, they have come out alive. If you don't know the result, you can leave a message on WhatsApp. Those who want to take a loan can WhatsApp me on the number given below.  But now I will tell you further, those who have gone up and down, do not think of surrendering because there are many people like this, now that system is there, there is no need to tell all the things inside that there is a difference, now leave the part, new one, next one. All these are as affordable as they are, there is a difference of 19 rupees, there is not much difference, it is in a good location which has been developed, the price has doubled in four and a half years, whatever is worth 27-28 lakh rupees, it will be worth fifty-five lakh rupees even then.  Not a seller, even today this is the cheapest thing and that day also it will be the cheapest thing, so Jain congratulated all those who had applied for 3BHK and this 1BHK, there was a little negativity spread, many people were worried about it.  I was not getting distracted and was not doing it in that and I would say great, it has been a great investment for all the people who have turned out to have the right perspective. Let me tell you this as an example, if someone alto  If you are buying a car, then it has tomato braking system, you have to search for it, you have to CR it, whether you subscribe in it or it is better than scooter, it is Alto scooter, the rest of the person who graduates will appeal in tow that we have done this in life.  If you find something, then when you do the right comparison, your decision-making will become better. Investment is nothing but only when you put the right perspective. You will put the perspective of Mumbai's move.  I do it at less than Rs. What is right, what about in Dantewada district and what about any other type of district, today I do not want to take everyone's name, but accept it, if you find it there too, it is okay, you can find it in the Gurudwara of your village also, this Tyagi is associated with it.  You people write that 3BHK, three BHK, these four rooms, two bathrooms, one kitchen, two balconies, as soon as you enter the four rooms in 3BHK, there is also a hall room. If it is worth 28 lakhs, then you will keep thinking about the good and bad in that too. You have to understand, okay. So he came out alive, then congratulations to him, okay, the upcoming affordable ones will also come, maybe it is because of Heer that there is some chilli, it will take a few days, but you stay connected, it was good, it will be good, now the coming ones will become less and less, those who were asking questions were like that.  If you go then I am aware of many people getting priority for this and you don't get the priority for priority, without anything you don't know what to do, okay so everyone who applied got priority for priority, very good news.  It was not coming out anywhere else. Do not ask anyone if you have any kind of question related to loan or anything else, please join and I will answer it. You do not need to wait 20 days for the loan process.  If your enrollment name is removed and you need a loan then Image Jaitley start the process now. It will take 78-10 days for the allotment letter to come because time period will be given and then on which day it will be done. So today you know I need a loan. You know if mine is gone then tighten your action immediately. Don't wait for someone else to do something. After that you can visit the builder office. Return home, letter 768 does not come from here. You can also negotiate but those who want to complete their loan process can set up their loan process with us. Thank you.