Those fun days of yesteryear are not seen nowadays. Hello friends, this topic will be very interesting and you will get to identify a lot, please forward it on WhatsApp. Let us tell you that earlier things were different, families used to meet and friends used to meet and it was fun.  Nowadays, nothing happens, those days were good, these days people have become selfish, everyone is busy in their own work or are busy in their mobiles, Middle East has become the first heart to heart meeting, such stories are told. Earlier, we used to celebrate like this, we used to go on birthday specials, we used to go on festivals like this and you get many WhatsApp forwards in which it is shown that this time sir is so bed and that times how to make it romantic, so that there is clarity on it.  My man of giving, you all are connecting and identifying, you must do it with the situation and I also watch this video which opens the eyes of many people who have grown old, 60, 70, how many people are of romantic size.  You tell me that I have told you this thing, understand that all those who are above 30, remember their childhood because the childhood of those below that is just a few years ago, so in childhood you will remember that big people are coming and going, laughing, tired.  What is happening is that people are sitting in the drawing room, it is a very good feeling, you remember everything but you remember one thing that when all that was happening, there was a woman in the kitchen and this woman was in the kitchen, there was a woman in the kitchen.  The one who was grinding for everyone to be  On whose basis were the men called in the past, they did not let the invitation come, they did not ask their wives, these are the wives who are bitter in life today because of their point that I relied on them.  Quite old, in the last 7-8 videos, perhaps these women were painted as villains, who were not part of the team, okay, I never have the intention of criticizing anyone, when the Guru element awakens, the person is as they are. tells him  And even if he gives pain with his words, I have seen it only to elevate his great pain, so today I am trying to heal these people in general because brothers are not ready to love these days.  No, your friend came, you do something, I don't do anything, is this right or wrong, or will you not confuse me because these women have also seen their mothers, did not get anything, brother, happiness, at what cost, if you had told your friend, would you have gone to the kitchen?  you stood in  You made pakodas, you made tea, what did you do, what did you do, you were having fun, it was a joke when you children were kids and now it is 30 35 40, that fun, mom, reduced it in my kitchen, there was no chimney there.  There was not even an exhaust fan installed, there was no such thing at that time, there was nothing, those women went and brought fun to the society and she could be one of the other women in the house, there could be other women too, the one who had a woman in the house got that time.  But this is not what makes our country like this. The middle class was not formed in such a way that it had to pay time off and all this happened, so it was very high cost, anything very high cost, it is not sustainable, debt, that is not visible after getting the answer.  Today all of you will have to find another way that after paying all your expenses, go to your different places and do your work in different ways, then you people are seeing this huge difference in the society.  The reason is that you have to understand this thing, there is no use in being sad about this thing, do not force that time, you have taken the time 30 years ago when we used to get sweet water, when mother used to bring you sweet water from the well.  Yes, there was more fun in it by doing it like this. Make it more romantic. When early in the morning we used to go somewhere in the forest and do some program by taking the bottom, there was a different fun in it. What is the logic of changing time from time to time? Nowadays, men are forced to do something.  If he has to go and organize anything, he himself has to make the bedroom for the child's birthday, flowers have to be put up, he has to do it, he becomes so distressed then he doesn't do it because she is a lady, she is a woman, she said, brother, I will only do this much.  I can tell you Baba, you also want to do it, earlier everyone was thinking that there was more sister and care of mother, so this thing has changed, so don't give them romantic size, it happened by force, it was a good time, so it was a great cost. It was coming at a cost of all. Give it to those women who are sitting on their beds with their legs raised right now and are unable to get away from them. Maybe if they had done less, Sharif would have collected a little today. But at such a great cost, you enjoyed it. Remember, a little bit of them.  Can't even enjoy that she is a married woman, she was married in the 90's, I won't go till 70, it will be too old, the matter is fine and she is ahead in the group, so tell me how many did you guys do?  How many Rakshabandhans are there on Diwali, how many on Holi, what not to make, Gujiya, Han's, his, everyone's, do you know, today all of them are brought from outside, do you know earlier, even money was not made, it was made outside, so everything was done at home.  So it felt good that the woman was reducing the amount for the sake of speciality. She is not ready to reduce the amount today. Will celebrate her birthday there. Will do this at home. She is not even ready to make four cups of tea. Is this right or wrong? Discuss that.  not changing  I too don't have time due to time, 50 more activities have been done today, it was not there before, but earlier too, that woman wore clothes, you do of this, there was not much peace in her life, poor women used to live in a corner and she was less.  I used to do the same thing, now I have started eating good food, please kick me, sir, if someone is drinking his drink then he is doing his own, so he remembers it well, friend, call me for a drink, you will invite me as per your wish.  If you go out today, reduce all these things, the cost will be 10 times the cost of the things you used to spend at home, and even today, whatever you have to spend at home, the cost outside will be 10 times 10 times, so people have a new spirit. It is accepted, so what is wrong in it, this is happening, it is happening, okay, so I bring the video of Changing Times, how did you like it? Please share, like and comment. I would have given you this template.  If you people identify with my video then write the ID so that I feel that it is not as if I was born at a different time, somewhere in a time machine.  I am a learned person and I also feel that if I am talking about contemporary things and also about old things, then people are identifying me. It is not that I do not know my audience. It is very important to take feedback that these things  I am doing this, I understand that these days no woman wants to suffer and if you are remembering a lot, be very friendly, you have to do a lot, then I appeal to all the men out there that you should also resort to it a little bit.  Keep the house clean and tidy. Okay, first of all, people used to come to the house, so women would clean the house, clean the bathroom, make good bedsheets, make good cutlery, there was a lot of stress in her life, make good slippers, make good slippers, the fan should be clean because the house  someone in  Calling is like an unjudgment thing on a woman because a woman used to be the judge, brother, how is this done, what paintings are there in it, how are its sofas, how are its curtains, how is this, how is that, he was also a judge, so look at his stress, food.  I didn't have to cook food, I did n't have to have a party, I did n't have to do it, he had to do other things also, these days no one is ready to take stress, that's why these things are not happening, it's okay, so share and release old memories.  please do and request Those old women who folded my hands, they are not old, what did they say, I said old, okay, the elders said or those who are very dear to us, they are our mothers, the most requested is to like the channel and subscribe, you will also have the same conversation, okay, I told you very good things along with the Khadoos.  Will go and relieve your pain, this is my promise, this is pain, the one who gave you is also around, okay why did the society be like this, surely somewhere my woman gets the wisdom of time, weren't we crazy, weren't you crazy?  what made you crazy By confirmation, there is no pressure on the women of today, no one does it when someone doesn't do it, it does n't take much effort to stand up and do it, if even today you are doing everything late and then you have to do it, then it takes a lot of effort.  He will feel that the system was like this at the time, now the system has changed, so if you make him happy even if you remain an idiot, then whatever you do, you too will get some satisfaction and enjoyment. The family is eating and playing at your cost only at your cost.  but right at least  They have memories like this, at least such WhatsApp is used where they told you that although they could not relate, no society could relate because whatever it was, it was because of you, so today I have given you that Shri, that award of giving.  Do you believe that whatever it was that is remembered today was because of you, so now no one here is going to give you Bharat Ratna, Padma Vibhushan, Paramveer Chakra, it is okay, off course, I belong to such a system in the society, if you did this then you How many children are there who suffer from this type of disease? Things made me feel, that too in the clapping comment section. And friends, women, it is okay to do everything in front of whom it will be okay to do everything on December 1, maybe on December 1 or 2. Whatever Friday it is, whoever is on December 1 or 2, will have happiness. Understand things, everyone's happiness is increasing first.  Those who are in the seventh class, after the first class, very nice feedback has come from many people, the recording has been made, you can go and watch it, whoever subscribes to the course, it is a small outing, but happiness is 10.  Ka Matter Host People say no, money can't buy happiness, I say, you can buy it, spend a little, if you can't buy it, then it's okay, I don't think it will happen, it's okay, I don't do the happiness course anyway, okay, so please thank you