Today 's topic is You have sold a property, don't know what to do, 9th wholesome, want to tell that everybody, later on, even the record holders, that I have sold a property, the brave opposition is 115, that I have to do, people sell and start breaking the fair.  And what happens in this, Lakshmi ji is sleeping from here, he is very happy, he hears less than the surrender movement and it lasts, he has to leave and why does he even wipe it?  I have Bainsla properties and I get the money by mixing something like this, what should I do in the back, then when the man comes in that, brother, I tell the director with love that there is a deal till Bigg Boss, like, become less, tenu yourself, other person.  K Mode's air base has been installed, take it quickly, tell me, that's why there is an advisor and the one who joins me in the webinar on Sunday Zoom is my platinum members, who by the way, are my subscribers.  Tricky Market Peer Market means that you are always aware of what was. Indiscriminate behavior of jewelry. Property work started. It is clear in the mind that I have to buy this for this much, I have to see that yes, this much in this clothes, put this much here.  You have to put it in, you have to adjust, first the syllabus is you, the most important thing is that angry properties, their rape capital went, capital gain 2 crores Kirk Edwards  The problem which cannot be done officially is to always have a property * The capital gain from this can be Rs. 4 crores because if a property is in the name of you and your wife then that wife can also invest Rs. 2 crores and you too, friends.  If Achar has capital gain on that property then you can buy 4 properties, buy them separately, do not joint the name now, if you have a big property then leave it, if there is no other name then before selling the property.  It can be done free of cost in Haryana, if you have a plot of 500 yards or it is fine and in the name of your life and you want to send it and I am in Haryana, then see, I try to tell you so many big things without saying so much.  By giving small tickets, there was a lot of curiosity even among the common people, he should tell but the product is a big thing, if you start teaching it to someone then you will become an advisor, you will become interesting to someone, people in your circle will respect you, you say such things.  I will tell you that if you have any relative or you have a small property, you have to sell it, now you will get capital gain in it, then before selling the property in the name of one person, it is okay in the name of two, after that it should be in the name of then only.  There should always be property in the beginning, now if there is a capital note in it, then 2 crore capital gain is adjusted on one person and can be done in two properties, that is, if there were two, then I can get 2 crore here, two products and two properties, up to two properties.  I  I can buy four properties. If it was in the name of only one person, then I can buy the same property. One road show should be held for a week. You have understood the second thing. If you sell the property to me, you can also keep the handkerchief before Prakash. If you want to sell the property to me,  It is editable, that's why I am not able to find the middle, it will take time of 5-6 months, so I am engaged in the development of a property in 2030 in 2014, I have 20% already, ten percent of the quality is there, I have flown to give it.  Given that this is my non- technical festival, they are also interested in selling my property, so do not always think that the restructuring of the property is for sale, because if there is property, then you have to go to the bank. In a foreign country where even garbage is sold, there is per capita in that country.  In that country, if property is good, then property can be 245, you can keep it, it will be seen expensive on sale, definitely the doctor has taught you, when you buy a property then your property sells well, there is a lot of left ji everywhere, you  I have to send it for dinner, I have told you it is ready, let's see, as soon as you keep the handkerchief, the investors know that you have given one to your wife, to your relative, I have taken one to the house, now I have to sell it, you type it yourself, it will have to be done like this.  Because if you have to do it, then this idea is the best. Whenever you have to teach the teacher, then you don't have to wait. Now you are feeling that this property is still there and you have to go down in it. Keep a handkerchief in this property and read this.  so it's like that No one can set such a timing that two more products are launched in February, today the money is taken for two kicks and you don't think that when I invest these two lakhs in Tina, then my furniture will be sold, brother, then all your parks will be worth the money.  Specific Behind Good Dhoop Singh, all this is gone, now you will not be given money from you, now you are sitting after selling and then you have to pick up the leftovers of those people, so you have to be proactive in the market, up to be always in the God of the market, if today I get ₹ 30000000, then what should I buy? Tell me the truth, do I have money or 20 lakh rupees, I have 2000000 rupees, but whenever I pick it up, what should I say brother, like do I have to take someone's name?  Okay, then anyone's name is Rohit, Neha, Chetna, take anyone's name, some of you are connected, okay, write the name, I am telling you, brother, you have to take it, tell me, do you know?  It should be that you have seen the journey that you had left that property in default of one, now it becomes that it will happen, then it is not bad, now take it of 110 because then it is going to rise further in the bullish market.  If this thing is coming down to you, then this Dhappa call requires a little courage. You will require a lot of courage today. Okay, yes, this way you can buy multiple properties. You can buy one property anytime by selling one property.  Do n't say, I believe that even if it is a big tree, it is divided into small parts. Plant saplings. Through advertising, some rental good will be generated from the saplings, capital appreciation will be good somewhere and the biggest benefit is that today your life will be transformed.  Expenses in 20 30 40 50 That you are talking about very January 22nd, you never know how to read expenses and dieting, then you have bought a property worth 2 crores for investment, so you cannot buy a room in it.  If a young man has a requirement of Rs 40 lakh, then if you have a small property then only if you ever need it in your life, you can liquidate the small property. If you are a friend of the big one, then take the shared property.  It is possible that for that small Bhu party, Rs 20 crores may seem small, for the one with Rs 20 crores, even Rs 22 crores will seem small, but I am saying that even if you don't have as much capacity as Vicky, you can take multiple smaller ones.  If there are four properties in two names, you have got this thing, you understood that the ID of the bottles is required, that was required. If you like it, then you can write P.  The question of handling the meeting will come that I will handle the phone to property management company in India. Please Google it and see the tension of living your life. Olonso Ho, these are some tips, now a new one is coming after doing the occasion, HOUS with occasion and celebration question, Awadhi, you guys can also do the work, I also want to do one work, you can do the property management and you have seen the property.  Remember to reduce the management of one property. It is a little difficult to match one property. It is very difficult for him to invest in three properties. It is very difficult to manage four properties. 5 6 7 8 10 minutes It is very difficult to do because when there are so many  If you go, then the work will be done. When this work is clear, the problem arises when you have to do the job of two-three managers, there are so many children in the house, one is a girl, there is a daughter-in-law, and if you have a son, then will she be grand or will she come?  She is a daughter, she is sugar, do a job, like and from us, we will do small work, we will do big work, if this is a tomato, then your children will do this, and those whose grandchildren will grow up, then their grandchildren will feel, granddaughter, I will do Jyoti Jyoti, I have to do this on the phone.  This is work and we will manage it well  And you are an interior designer, a bank, a reliable person, now you manage the system well, a religious professional, an equal suite, how many girls and women are ours, they love playing from house to house, so go shopping for them, but you will see how to make the house look good.  Will do some design, will make something like this, it will be good to pass the time and also money. If you come, then it is very easy to manage multiple properties. If there are less, then sometimes it is difficult to message one, two, three because two are one two. Work is not left in the midst of three, but the day if you make 10, 12, 15, this work gets done, only the family will work, if one child in the family will work, then this is not a job. Those with facility of employment do not think that they are secure.  How will you feed everyone if you have one or two households or you have to do the same here to go to Switzerland? You have to do it here for your children's education, that's why you have to do it here, it will save money. You have to spend some points on it in old age.  After retirement, leave, leave, you can't earn money, will you go for a tour, then you will do this Golden Year Song Ad I have fooled you, brother, he also lives life like a rich man, I am a rich man, I will grow like this, if we rich man knows how to earn money, then he is in this love.  At the same time, he can do whatever he wants, he will spend money on the child's wedding, the money will be deducted from giving money to the child's dad, children, the things that I am telling people today, which I am teaching now, I will try my best to adopt in life, children.  wedding of  But the expenditure is 40, I have put it in zero inches plus two zero five minutes 3000, okay the expenditure on children's education, the registration is zero, now in these cards, education is everything, hey, what is happening soon, will we make a separate topic on that someday?  There will be a discussion on education. It is okay if a child starts earning money at the age of 18 and after many years, at the age of 25, he settles down and settles down in a house. Which word is this in India?  Idea is doing exam by going to IT, job, staying fit, all the pastries and returning, Sunita 236 but I can make money before doing this will help you, send suggestion and login into India, it is ok, bar is active, colleges are ok, and vote.  Time is more special than my money. You are doing something like this for four years and then you come and ask if you have a job. Okay, then we will discuss something else. Let's stop the recording and chat with Ka Life.