That Hello friends, Commercial Property Part 2 Part video has been watched, you all can see the link of it which people have not seen yet, many comments have come, many messages have come, people have praised a lot and I talked to many people, I am angry on that.  Birds are very very thankful that this topic was chosen because whoever is not opening the first commercial had a conversation with many people. When I said no, you would have said that this is a thing or not.  The purpose of doing this was different because I had subscribed to what kind of people put in it and there is an addition in it and I would like to do that the kids who want to make passive income for their parents and are playing with their hard money.  There is also another category who want to show a passive income to their parents. Second famine is five to seven percent but those who are in very dangerous situation are those who retire on retirement and who Retirement benefits are available like if a person retires from service in a group, he gets money up to Rs. 1.25 crore along with all his competition benefits and some subscription too. Those people who are retiring have to watch this video. Those who are retiring also have to watch this.  The series will keep on increasing, there is no second lesson in this, I will explain from the plate that the pyramids say that this is you, I have brought an example of that in my society, Affordable Housing.  I am giving a basic template for making an extra flat. I am giving a basic template of 750 plots in an affordable housing complex. 90 If we consider that the income of the corner or tenant of each flat is at least Rs 1 lakh, then against the case.  Less than two or two and a half times the number of voters, but whenever any religion or story or anything has to be completed, then if something has to be designed worth thousands of rupees, then it is made worth ₹ 2000 ₹ 3000.  I do n't want to say anything about the ability to get votes, I know that people will be less in this way, but let's say 1 lakh more and I am saying average, average one like.  It is active very High Court If you assume Rs 1 lakh, then whoever is earning a salary of Rs 1 lakh, he got some text attack, some got thrown, his children 's school fees will be there, he has to fill petrol, he has to get internet.  You have to pay the money, go to the movies, do it, remove the time, you will also go to the movies, do tricks, pay the electricity bill, the corruption that has to be done, the mutual funds will be running like this, maybe there is a loan, people in the house will take it out and this will be done to him.  If I am giving this rate, then I am saying that all these expenses have nothing to do with the shop of that society, this is the time, this is the time to say, so there are discretionary expenses on this. How much space is there for even the matter of milk, like nowadays it is of country divide, it is seen at home. Talking about Gurgaon, many things are coming at home but I am saying that if we will make expenses for these too then think about it.  The hair will also be bought from there, the milk will be bought from there, the bread will be bought from there, the pan will be made from the stationery mart, the washerman will take that work but no one will do it. Suppose, I have calculated all these things and their average is ten thousand rupees.  Those whose salary is Rs. 25000 are paying rent, but I have calculated only Rs. 10 thousand. You can connect with me that calculation now. If anyone wants to spoil the debate, then 75 Will spend Rs 7.5 lakhs, Rs 10,000 specific for sugar and 7 and a half lakhs. If there are 25 shops, then the average earning of each shop is this cells free leg.  Peace is so relaxed that you have to think about how much profit we will make. This is the path of profit. Whatever business you do, you will earn ten percent of the idea, 14 percent of earning, 15 percent of earning, 1617 percent of earning, then 50,000 will be the best and Even if he paid Rs 15,000 as rent for the shop, he would have saved Rs 35. For Rs 35,000, he would buy a small shop at that time.  Prank him, he has 25 shops, so he can check his status, brothers and sisters, he is a partner, there are seven shops, this figure has come out in the figure of 25, this is as much as it is, isn't it, those who eat it, more shops, Raja Bhaiya, earn.  Those who play the earning power and Volvo is just a lip calculation, many people will say this, so this is the best thing to think about before making a video, what portion will people ask on this? These are the outside fees. Who are the people from outside to come and give these people? The villagers in the village first have their commercials of any of their albums, go away within a minute, all the shops with posters are open in front of their houses, then secondly the people of the society are in your vacation.  They will come that The Great Affordable Society, that is a very good shop, that surprised potatoes, they also have a society, there is a society in all the affordable ones, the Premium Aishwarya Society, all will go with interest, this is this and the other fennel type that is coming, this is the shop that is planting it. Why are matches happening everywhere between Amritsar because it is not so, there is no need, the question is that the daily missions metric is too high, so you have to understand this, I have given a small template and secondly, I want to ask everyone, you are a builder.  Whatever Binder Bhai Saheb is making and giving you, he is giving you the complete lip relation option 10 questions 10 questions 11 year old, he is giving it to you at three times the cost, this platform is built for Buna which is its cost if  If he removes all the fuss about marketing expenses that Grow Crazy gives for selling it and says that he does not want to sell it and has to leave it, then if he sells it three times at 13 cents and at 27 cents, his link will also be found.  If you are getting it at three times and you are getting nine, then one-third the cost. I am the original owner. I am going for Rs. 27. So if that is not enough, then why would I sell it to the builder? This is the back sugar in Gurgaon, he has given his laces, he has created a place for developed cystitis, due to the amount of acid he eats on rented bread till today, he knows that Bigg Boss Job Winter will do well for me, he will be saved, why do you have to think about something, the ship and  You can earn 27 cents by making it yours, why would you give it as your own? You have to understand this because the cost of funds, if you have to take only loan or both together from somewhere, you will get eight nine ten eleven percent value of mine.  Fifteen percent profit is being made for 27 cents. Which business in India is more useful than the profit of a square slot? Speed ​​is that piece. The filter also knows this thing. It also knows that I have to make goods. And I am sticking to it, I will come and tell some stories and those who are trapped, those who have become just those in whom you have not yet come out to buy, then the new ones, you are the ones with complaints, the old ones, whose hearts are broken, no one knows.  It does n't work, the car is not fun, if something goes wrong in residential, there is an outcry, but in commercial, it is not saved because the next person will ask who brought the money by boasting, who are you, do you have such money with your hands, then you easily do people lip Indore, then I  The video that I am making here is for the common man as a retail investor. Ramdev ji said this in T-20, say children, all these cold drink companies, what did the company say about it? Toilet Cleaner Toilet Cleaner  By telling her in every possible way, she told many people that all her friends had become dizzy after drinking so much, she does very little, will it be zero, office is not 30, but this is not the point that was going on at that time, other film actors.  You used to add all these and it was considered a very bloody thing, it remained a complete thing, then it is my only MB commercial, I do not want to keep it as a complete thing, I am blanket telling you that a common man can easily world this space.  Is there any chart of five to seven to eight percent success in this, where the low property is so much that you should not be afraid, the series will continue, people are now asking a lot that okay, this society and this item is related to something else, hence this yoga plot-plot. People are still calculating on that, it has been done for 120, this much will be made on this, this much will come to the purse, this 879, that too, if the calculations are being done then I will try to tell further, independent and how much you people share and like.  Do you subscribe and how much is the demand? So as that series is being made, if anyone likes this due to the same, then the serial keeps going on and says that yes, is there more scope in this? Is there scope in this, there is a lot of scope for three to four more additions.  There is scope for this, this was the second one, I told this only on the template of a society shop, brother, there are 25 shops also and it is related to the value of my calculation, I am in my pet consultancy.  If I am removing it from the list, then the big rates which come to the tune of crores two and a half, three, four and five crores, then data can be collected in them so that more time can be known from the government's side, quantum is how many people live here, how many voters are there.  Or how much time is there to become SSC of the country, so how will you remove all this son, how will you do it on this island, brother, come on, tell me how much will be your salary, tell me, tell me, okay, okay, you have started writing, okay, it won't be more than this, let's multiply.  Do all this, you will spend so much money in a good way, do rough mathematics, cry, rough mathematics, when you are out 3567 times, then prove it, it is not very difficult, it becomes difficult when you get the answer, which if played in the middle of 1453, then how to do this tube.  This apprehension is right but taking exams from the opposition that you say, okay, I have not spent so much salary, will my work in the world be limited to just standing in Moinul Haq and shops? You have to spend the money, looking at the situation, there is no need to ask for 2 years by mistake, the supply is very high and the rest is on the office space which is currently in use. If you want me to make it, then I will make it for everything else.  I will definitely make the logic and tell you, but you people have to increase this awareness and my request is to those who sell this related thing, this is also a request to those who are your boys and girls who are your sales.  Executives are sleepy, they do n't know much details, their face is innocent, you tell them a story tied behind melanin, they beat a little further because their soul is not cut because the thoughts know that it will be done because I have to tell these children.  That brother, you do it in the registration, do the rest of the things, there is a lot more to do, please do not tell these things by listening to commercial stories because the next person will get trapped.  I have had a conversation with them in the last two-three days about the offer, offer, offer, offer of the word that this is the biggest collection, why is this offer coming and why is this offer coming and you should understand that the person accused of price war doesn't know.  How to calculate just two not know how to calculate awards late then you click on that link brother earning money is not easy that someone forward in next five years just be ready for single  Digit Returns: Just remove this double digit from your face, it will be earned by working hard, this is the story of passive income and I will make this special video. He used to make these videos in many places around the world. I feel such pain in my heart on all those videos.  If you have million views, how to make more money, how to become a billionaire in stock market, how to one Pacific comes, how not to work and how to retail, 10:30 pm, with the help of this public, our  Children, it means that it is placed in the bottom, brother, it does not happen like this, it is okay, our chill, my channel, blood, all the Roberts, cold water comes out on the relations between hot pans, don't touch, subscribe, it is okay, but what is cooked is in contact, there are many and  The quality is very good, very happy with the quality of myself, only if the quantity is too much, because I have no misunderstanding, how did I convince the person on YouTube that if he subscribed, then my Our country can progress very far on things, the holes will be understood after going home, but as many as are able to understand, those who are joining, I would like you to please put a comment, put a like, hang a little because I do not give you Google Apps in my  I don't do any unnecessary promotion in the channel like the people who do it like digital remix. I am a common man like you, you have created your YouTube sitting in your drawing room or if I get stressed at scientific parties like that.  If you get Tata, I have a lot of knowledge and also have the passion to take it out, although I do not take it out under normal circumstances, but in this environment outside, it is said that brother, take it with you, no one has any idea of ​​the class.  If you start telling the things which the world does not know, then I have a request to the subscribers, please make it a monkey in front of Shining and Mac problem, please subscribe as many as you can in your family.  You can easily subscribe to me because as soon as it crosses the sixteenth day and a serious thing has been clarified, I feel like cooking very much from within, so I request you to tell the commission person more slowly-  Slowly, as it happens, I will remove those leaves. I have put my audio property on them, it is also being created very helpful. If you people have not seen it, then you can see it too. In this way, I will slowly tell you what is there and in that This much  It will be easy and in this I am also going to include videos of mental models so that your thinking will become like this, then you will not have to depend on many people. Today's customer has to buy anything for any other meeting, he is very confused in this straight because.  There are so many opposing stones, they are going so 24, this is also fine, that is fine, this is fine, so how did you like this video, tell me and if you want to do Yadav on which one, I will start giving the calculation for that too. End  I will start telling you guys, you tell me how you felt about that.