Hello friends, platinum membership of the channel is getting very very good feedback, so for this I want to come and specially request you people who are watching the content of the channel for many days, then you can take premium platinum membership of the channel by pressing the join button.  You will get it or you will get its link inside this comment section and whatever content is there inside it will also be put in the comment section or description. There are many courses in it.  Conducted by me, a lot of webinars workshops are already done plus you will get access to the upcoming ones also and their recording is also available and it looks very value for money thing and it has a membership fee but it is 99 rupees per month so you guys should try it once.  You can try it for a few months because you are getting a lot of positive feedback and all the platinum memberships are taken from you.  You can drink my drink in platinum, you become an exclusive person and become very good in your friend circle and also in your relatives and by the way there is benefit, there is an enrollment program which is called membership drive.  It happens that I suddenly release that a big political party was doing it in Delhi, then I said that I have not said it at all, sometimes I say it like that, sometimes I make special videos like this, otherwise there are many such privileges in it.  End packs will be found and 200 plus videos have been uploaded, many have been uploaded, so by looking at their topics, you will understand what is this and by consuming this content, you can use this content, use it in any way you want.  Use it in any way for profit, all the content is monetizable, this content is not only that you have consumed the knowledge, you can sell this knowledge, you can earn money from it.  And many people are doing it and very good feedback is coming, so I got confidence from it to tell you all, so I will request that those of you who want to take platinum membership, you can quickly get its complete details.  What exactly is it? You will find it in the description on the top of the comment section, so please avail this chance and everyone is welcome to the platinum membership.  This festival season is also coming, so spend something to learn because it is stage with you, it is fun, you will also enjoy, the biggest thing in it is that you will enjoy, not fun, you will enjoy and it is better than consumer and OTT and amazon-in testimonials.  There are many people who do n't come without testimonials, so brothers, platinum members, write whatever English you have to write, it is understandable, you are not butts.  Nader you are but by me means I have taken the membership, so the one who writes genuinely good, if you want to write something good for Mashahari, then those who have taken it please write in the comment section so that people can check it like this, it is like testimonial because  The one who is a platinum member, it will look something different, it will be like his star tour, who has been there for how many days, it will look different that he is a platinum member, so when you get it, it will be in your name.  It will also come like this, please do write in the comment section and recommend it. You are my marketing budget, all platinum members, put emphasis on it and do marketing, thank you very much, I have a plan in the coming time, thank you very much.