Hello friends, for the platinum members which is the category of my Prem Bus, I have brought the seventh benefit. The first benefit will be you will be able to get free access to all my pet Vinyas which will be at least two in a month and can be four. Plus you can share the link of that avatar with a person who can be your closest friend or a relative. If for some reason you will not be able to see Veemee Avatar which will be live on Sunday, then you will have to record it.  These first benefits will be given but you will get and express to exclusive real estate course of 727 videos. It's only for platinum members. These 727 videos will be a video of two-three minutes to 7 minutes. Each unit is on the topic so that your clarity on  This subject is also extremely important, you can give consultation to other people only, that level will go to your point and smoke.  Urine real estate will already find value and or after seeing you, you will loot 50 to 70 thousand rupees in real estate and on job third point you will have expressed to exclusive telegram group where you will get to know further information destruction details and return from mini article.  Research Reports They Want Sher To That You Will Get Fourth You Need To Participate In Not Exclusive Zoom Winners Will Get Exports From Share Market  Will get Chartered Accountants Income Tax Faces Home Loans You will get a lot of clarity on such things like Hindu Undivided Family should be opened, how should it be opened, what are the benefits of pimple lot when this income tax return is to be filed, so I have told you to know everything.  Will get the latest updates Will take into consideration the budget Will get the fifth thing You will be the forest Want to know any opportunity which comes  Up in Gurgaon real estate market and even in the stock market 6 You will get exclusive in not exclusive Vinay will do only for platinum members Hereditary only for platinum members where is I will take the board board and explain the concept very well like a teacher that very  There will be a good webinar, it will be specific to platinum members only, once in a mantra, it will be told.  Those who will not be able to attend it due to some reason, recording will also be given to them and sit and the life is good communication skills for rapid time will improve notes in English improve everyone sanger Hindi will improve and sanger communication skills will improve and that newspaper in a unique way Interesting Person in Universe Circle Most Sought After Person and Circle U Vikram So if you want to become then you should  You have to take the platinum membership by pressing the join button. For those who have Apple and those who have iPhone, I will not see the liquid to join separately, I will leave a separate link here and you can pay through Google, you can be true Samvida card and even UPI ID.  So you guys can take that membership thank you Tenzing took the membership but connect with me on the WhatsApp for the time can give them that invite to the Exclusive Telegram Group And The Also Have A Record Okay You Are My Platinum Number To The Moment You Take His Membership You Should Send WhatsApp Message Chota My Name Is Sonu And Have Taken Its Membership Thank You