Hello friends, today's topic is plot libration in Gurgaon. You have a plot, you can build it by coordinating with someone. If you want to play builder floor game, now you are watching this video, then this video is for you.  Have you ever bought a plot? The rates have been set very high. Now the time has come when you want to monetize that acid and move ahead in life. You want to buy a premium flat. You want to go into ultra luxury. Want to go to Switzerland Canada Whatever you want in your life Lord of people are trying to do this know when this video has been shot Want to tell true people don't do this prayer and what you are doing plot at least one person  Hey a boon that get into that brother, this is 2 years and two and a half of yours, one and a half of mine, you take one crore, give it to me, then give it like this.  It is measured using a scale, you know that if the basement is built then this is this, if it is not built then this is this, this is this, there is a lot of risk in it, Harris, I will tell you what will be the terms and conditions, first of all the contractor builder.  But he will take it in his favor, the plot owners do not have IDBI, the obscene rate of their plot should be paid to the plot owners, in the process of operation, water but many people would think that I will keep one for later.  I will send it, will it be beneficial for me or for me, the builder who does not want to invest his money, wants to go out, should I do the construction without any iron, you will do it like this, this is the system, but in the coming time, there will be a virus which will also affect the civil servants of Gurgaon. Spoil for Choices These builder floors will not be profitable Will not be sold at the right rate Basis for the story with a pleasant end You will get stuck Why to keep a If someone is your plot worth Rs 4 crore Suppose then if you buy it  Even if given today, you will get money in a month. If you follow this then you will get money in two-two and a half years. It will not be made in one go, it will not be sold in one go, still you may not like the rate charged.  If you include its opportunity cost also, four CR in hand, today a person can earn seven-eight percent money on his money, then within two years it becomes fifteen percent, so in 2 years, if you buy his plot and from it, you will get four crores.  It is coming out in 60 lakhs and today it is coming out in 4 crores so I do it, take 4 crores today, the risk is in taking it first, the reward is only in taking it late, the risk is increasing by that much, the question of recording arises when we take investment decisions. If we take the voter list then it should be that the voter list has been taken with greater maximum reward, so whatever plant you have taken in this, whenever someone comes to you, you should tell him 'Bhai mere ko'  So you have to avoid it completely, do the calculations of your rate which I am telling you, because if after 2 years the rate of your floor is not fixed, then when you get the plot done at the same rate today, you will be in loss. You understand my point.  Brother, do this rough math, rest of you all, even if you are not an IT person, you can do these calculations and whatever you have, you can do it better and Khurram will know this game, put your made equation plot.  If you get the money of Rs 4 crore today then it will be 15 cents at the rate of 2 years i.e. at half and a half then Rs 460 should come out. What will happen if the rates fall and if the buyer is not found because now in the coming times the videos are also coming in which I will make and explain which.  I can clearly see my friend, that was there. I came and told this earlier that the things told by me are not that I predict, the astrologer knows that I am there but it is in the newspapers.  What I told you four months ago will be published today, the sales of Chhapra luxury houses are increasing, people's inclination is increasing, so as India progresses, there will be a requirement to pay people with that money, nobody has gone to pay.  Your 2.2 crores for your phone and when he is getting the last one, neither is he getting security nor is he getting maintenance nor is anyone getting him payment, he can leave his house and go there friend at 9:00  Every night there is an Indian Idol of dogs. Okay, Ghrit and these four walls of yours, which you are making one, will attract the people, so the size of the room may be small or big. Have sex with the rooms brother, when the person coming will see holistically who will be the next one.  This is the generation that is going to be more scared, who will buy, what is there today, it is the local people who are buying, they can buy in the future, as if you will make this, then not so many, the child is coming from outside, he is coming from Gujarat.  Come  Your P is coming from Bengal, South India is a care, I need a job and a hidden coward, I need CCTV from outside, I need a song, I need a boundary wall, I need a register, I need someone to do maintenance, I need someone to complain about RW, I need the whole system.  So if that whole system is not available, then your one source that will not be in demand, when it is not in demand, then what have I stitched to sell you the plot, I am taking advantage of my subscription, I have no fight with the builders here.  Do n't quarrel, it's nothing to me, I am seeing it, it's okay, whoever understands, please give me my information, okay, when I get 2 lakh subscribers, then maybe I won't even tell such things because if I tell them, it will harm the market.  I can do that right now, it is not that much, but it can be told right now, so if you were thinking of doing a collaboration then tell that brother, whoever is trying to say it, when you have taken it completely, please stop me.  And if this internet is created, hey brother, there is a loss in it, he is not ready to give it, he is not induced, he also doesn't know the risk, he wants to go out only when he wants to buy, there will be a cost to buy this thing, noble family, then I am a builder than you.  Plot worth crores Priya, no matter how many registrations are done, some money will have to be paid. Okay, if it goes to Rs 15, 1618, then in Gulab Recent, only the builder gets the benefit, the builder gets many benefits, the walnut owner has many benefits.  If there is no use then the plot owners should go to such builders who are ready to take it completely. When will you get 10 builders in the market, then you will get only one who is ready to do it like this and you have only one plot per day. You can buy a plot of two yards.  If you don't have it then you have to meet 10 people, you find one of them, do whatever you like, how do you like the video, if you like it then please tell me the practical things inside it, then please tell me, there are many more 13 2010  Content Already late, by the time he becomes Bigg Boss, 304 more will come, do n't think that petrol will run out, there is so much to know in real estate, brothers and sisters, that is the biggest ticket price of life, that plot of Rs 4 crore.  It happened that you stood on your own and did not get your salary, even if the star code is in your bank, it is such a big thing, do the job all your life. You once had Rs 50,000 as your salary, then it became one and a half, all became two, thousands who used to work have become dry. Its public gets dealt with only in drafting. Okay, so you have done so much in the life of the circle, now she is such a big acid, so there is no course to teach you about it, there is no channel, there is no teacher, I just called, message number.  Number 100 is okay so please share it with people and it is important, I told you to put the cord till Guru's work, I have put it so that you can go to heaven after dying yourself, do the calculation yourself, check it and whatever is incomplete to me, close it.  Try to do this and this device is forward-looking. Don't go on what happened. People have become habituated. Ok, India won the World Cup 2011 in MP3. Make a picture. Now put a stop on the photo. Tell me what is the status today in 2022. What is the status now? What is Bhargava winning now? Where is Bhargav located ahead? We are close, the album is ok to look at, but today it is ok. It was looking good since 10 years ago, but how is the health today and what is it like? More on that below.  If there should be focus, then it is the same in investment also, what happened, how did it happen and what happened now, what is happening next, life is dynamic, so it is explained according to dynamic life, I hope you all understand, let's discuss things. Comment. Whoever has your opinion on this section, please write below. Thank you, thank you.