Quo Vo O King Best Topic Spot Versus Flag On hearing it seems that if the plot has said yes, if it has said no then that is the plot i.e. you will make it on that, I will also compare it, then it is actually on the house, it will be made on the plot, it is like comparing.  Cloth vs readymade, pick shirt cloth and get it stitched or readymade something like that, it is ok, plot vs plant, do some calculations on that. I will tell you all to take note, perhaps the recording will go to the middle for platinum members, ok, you send a message to those who are platinum members, please renew the membership, many people have not done so, ok, I got this point all night, ok, today I have put in a flight.  Put it on put it ok please do the show ok solar-year on this letter before my eyes share my screen and tourism calculations first few things  I would like to tell you that whenever a plot is taken, two things are said, you can make it as per your wish and whenever you make changes in it, the land is ours and it is said that the land is ours. Today I will demystify it. Pan till 1948 Lag increase Till early twenties India was quite a great country and was not very expensive 20 years ago people bought plots on retirement and used to build houses as per their choice and then  What used to happen was that as their family grew, a child got married, Bahuarthi had one room and sometimes they built a bathroom in the front, and sometimes they built something else because the cost of construction increased. Swachh Mode on the Cost of Ninth and Twelfth Class Crop Hi Remember My Grand  Father Point ₹3 per Square Yard in DLF Colony in Rohtak in 1950 and Points 140 Aishwarya Hotspot Chala and Water 300 Rupees and  What ever came the nation and on what was built, that chain of 12 thousand rupees was changed that stood at that time, you know, a big nice wooden house was built but it took 12000 rupees to build the house and the house is not like that, force story story story story one story meaning.  In two or four rooms and in the corner, in the bathroom in front, new house and PRO time lifetime, we will keep adding to it, sometimes here, sometimes there, then at the back, you have given something and then licked it on top, when someone is Amit, nowadays people are deep, so they are generations.  It is embedded in our subconscious mind that grandfather, father, take your own plot and when the money keeps coming, you will keep making it. When the money came from the boy's job, he took a loan and made something, sometimes he made something for the retirement fund, only then did he make something.  And what happened was you did something else, gradually he used to do like this, this is not happening today, today issued by plot your make instant co tight solitaire make and complete from home Gurgaon  Example: 75% of one inch plus oil in winters in Delhi is 100 %, so you cannot say that the plot is yours, the land is yours, that thing is tossed, if the alms are broken then the country is no great and in that, if you are buying a builder floor then that lottery is not yours. 1482 Same logic is applicable in or multistorey premium apartment at a distance from  28th University and Share subscribe comment clove and hotspot get word of mouth from generation to generation, how much is being consumed, you can write now in the box, whatever the poet says, there is a need to give some help here, ok ok  If you eat what is happening, then this people can tell that this thing is a fruit, fifteen sixteen years and nine something richest 250 years, some man will come and eat that.  Break the belief system, do social reform, explain it, it takes a lot of effort because he is running Disturb Today, he himself belongs to SC category, going to be applied, the amount of money which is there is like 2 lakh rupees, he took it somewhere in Gurgaon, friends, let's go.  So four crores have gone into it, so it will not take Rs. 1.25 crores to make it, that's the percentage of road to your dad, just twenty-five percent. Problem of and Azhar Project Type Supported Three percent, so after taking such an expensive plot, I will have to pour the sugarcane only four times to extract the juice. Wait a little, this one time, I will extract the juice. Now when I have the energy, the time will come, then I will plant it again.  I have to pour the bar, brother, my sugarcane has become so expensive, I have bought every quiet old extreme cases, my personal example, ₹3 purse, courier plot, ₹3000 and speech. Uncle, do you know how big is the area of ​​saliva? Thousands of respects were raised in the beginning. I have posted 12000 posts. I have kept the biodata of my personal life and the dates of others' lives. Viral message is on the number one playlist. For a lot of hard work, I have got it by getting up.  I can't say that if I am number one, my pocket is fine, if someone equal to me is taken then I will say that, I am number two, it is okay even if someone takes a little less than me, I will still say, it is four times  Cost of construction was four hundred per cent from four hundred percent has fallen onto 20% true use changes happened but this change happened and the period of class is 7 two years for people but now that Bigg Boss is going on, the land is ours.  It is real estate if you are building your own house on four floors and on it two boys, a girl or a family, parents, all living together. By all means, it is very good, it is fine, but whether it is happening or not, then whenever a boy of today wants to buy a flat worth Rs. 1.5 crore, he has to pay from his own side and takes a loan of Rs. 1 crore 20 lakh. His wife will get income tax rebate ok what happened I didn't have also like to know what is this re le re le re le son son now return if 2 crore people are getting registered in it and its 70  Lakh crore rupees will go to father this giving holiday lights 1000 likes dowry friend plus 6 3 133 latest love for lord short form 1617 acts and she will return again and 10 12 lakhs of registry on the plot and you will make her uterus of that child.  So the capacity is 1.5 crores, this butter father is not understanding and only 10 maths fans, my son is 1.5 crores. This company is already buying a flat worth Rs 1.5 crore, so let it be 50th of Rs 1.5 and from that it would have found a grower, whereas even a flat of Rs 150 worth Rs 2 crore will hardly be available to Deen Dayal. Do you know that the rates which have come out right now are fine, something will be made in that also. Neeti Ke Laddu Not Ask Question Side Tele One To Ask Question One Side's Judgment Topic I Will Open Network Hussain Vishnu Tea Discussion Ticket UP Police Illegal Let me eliminate those who  If tight then note Sector-21 situation plot will get this note easy only get weekly comparison return vs flight today in back city like Delhi thank you don't this is maximum possible to be applied you are very What kind of money do you need in Chennai when do you get the address So do it and I am not talking about I will make mine and you will make it for me, I will make it for you, my dad will make it and if you give some money in it, then this is like this, it is a plus everywhere.  Minus capacity can also buy, the market is troubling how many people this is this what is this key to pile notice becoming difficult two you want to buy for terrorism ok another thing whose I am the complete juice of that plot on the first day on the first day i.e. first 2  I made it all in a year, now I can't change anything in it, so am concerned whether I will do it as per my own or will I change it. Don't know the meaning, it is like flight 50.  The floor is 38 floors, the middle floors are 15 floors, if you want to change anything then the same thing, you can change anything in ur all song, one and the fourth one is the plot from the friends till the bottom, protect those chilli stand design is not made, even change a little 19  You can press it, it doesn't change, okay, so now this one is increasing what was there, now I will take a screenshot and show you that thing, you see, there is a big difference, plot it and make it flat, be careful.  Have to note down, people are okay ok ji let me make a plot that this is a plot versus light and there is a discussion ok ji so this is a plot now if this is a plot of Delhi then from here this is the front.  This is the upper front, this is the back, so if this is the plot of Delhi, then it will be made only here, and even if it is made here, there will be powers in the piece, but I will take the example of Gurgaon and tell, okay now editing.  Applicable for all types, by the way, all over India, be it in Delhi also, what I am going to tell you about is the difference or I will tell you by taking the sample of Gurgaon, that template will be SIM, if it is from Gurgaon, then we have left this much space at the front and this much space at the back. Our house will be built in the middle. Understood what is the biggest problem? There is a house built next to it, so the one who gets angry from here, another brother's house is also built here. If the person behind is also honest then he has left so much and after that in his house there is so much space for us to breathe but in this too there will be hanging balconies. Okay, whatever it is, what is this portion now?  Which is in this house will be built in this position in this plot in a house you can't CO spinner fluoride no everyone its universal truth fixed in India at least e kept it is divided into three parts house one this egg  This and one chase will be one portion yoga one one over two body if you are making a state and you have a mobile design then the staircase will come here or the cash will come here or still okay and here there will be rooms at the back so let  So that this bathroom is typed, this room will be lit from here, this waist will be there and this will be a room next, this bathroom will go here, it will be printed here, okay so this will be in the bedroom, according to 3BHK, let me tell you and this  Drawing room is your time, try to think that this is the first question, here the light will come from the front and the third option is that here the light will come from the back, this is when you are building in Gurgaon, leaving the front behind, a little will come, more will come in the future.  It will come back and earn. Okay, but this is the middle portion. This middle portion that you are seeing is an accident. This middle post is looking at you. No light will come here, it will not come from anywhere, it is closed from here.  It is closed from here on 4th February, you will not pay anything and most of the bathrooms are open in the areas. Okay, so this is the biggest negative. It is fine according to Vaastu and the plots that are built in Delhi will be Shalimar Bagh only. Friends, the expenses will be Rs.  It is the same as 80 and 160, it is found in 70 and 80 yards also, it is okay, so what is the biggest thing there, that a plot so small has to be made completely, now how can there be any Vaastu defect in it, which I had made a video of yesterday also and I am sharing it with you.  Today I am talking to you again, so let me explain it a little more. It is okay that when we leave space in front of the plant, we remove the Vaastu defect, but when we do not leave it, then what happens, see, now I agree.  Lo, this is my North, this is Six, this is South, this is West. So if I made the thing according to Gurgaon, then I left the place ahead, then this is my Konark left out. But if I made it according to Delhi, then I made it according to the plot. Vaastu  Ghee if I noted this in Pune  Bathroom star player has made something and created a scandal, so it is a big Vaastu defect, okay today and I will be taught to apply all the angles and take remedies because who is this, I will be taught to do these remedies because I am making a complete stumbling block, I am the default setting in this  There will be something wrong in it and there will be no other side and the kitchen will be on the wrong side. If the kitchen is not right then there is something wrong in the bathroom because people also dance Vaastu in technical soil. Vaastu is what the winds are water, if I say air-light sunlight water water.  there is no wind and no sunlight  If there is Vaastu defect, then for that you do not need to hire any Vaastu consultant Dr. Knowledge. Now let's come to what happens in the flight, you take up and that today I am going to show you the complete example of the plot and which nowadays is used in flats and  There are six and one or two products which I will cover today as well which many people have heard on this side, what is also the slide, there is the rectangle but it is lying down as if it was standing, this is the plate and in any flat there are two parties.  That's not just MP3  Another one, you will enter from here, this is the balcony, there is an open corner from here, this is also open from here and this is exactly from the back, that is just here, its lobby and limited, so this thing is very beneficial in the plant which is closed like this at the back these days. Also, the distance in the tower will be easily six feet. Return the distance that you have left ten, it is 10, maximum is 20 and in between that too, coriander is 12 and there is air in between. Actually there is a lot of light coming here, there is six feet left behind and there is more open in front, it is at least a hundred meters, it must be 200 meters, it is okay, it has crossed, there must be some or there will be unlimited space, if there is a person watching the bar, then maybe five.  The meter will be visible and this one is also opened and this one is also open from three sides, which I have brought with the flight, today I am showing it from three and a half sides, if you forget, it was a big difference in the topless necklace, just like this.  What will be there in this, there will be a kitchen here, there will be a bedroom here, this one, yes, there will be a bathroom, so everything is open, there is no saffron affair here, there is some bathroom here, if it is made in this corner, then if there is an option then there is light, there is light.  And what do those mirrors say these days? Like Dhoom 3, which Aamir Khan wakes up in the first scene. It seems like the efforts are complete. Winters speaks the whole Tiwari Pintu hai aur dewar mein window hai, wall hi door hai dewar mein. In the mirror itself, there is a window in the AC category, there is a door, something like share and if it is completely open, then there is a lot of feeling space inside it. There is a lot of feeling space inside it, whether the camera is in it also, the same turns out to be 10, 12 or 11-12-13.  But it will give more feeling space and you will get profit from it. It is good for the people in the house. What is there in fluoro, they put grills in all the biggest windows because thieves will come today. Something will steal, we cannot install fresh windows, anyone can program in French within minutes, put a CD, you had gone on a trip for 5 days, they are programmed with the grill too, it will be the same with China, if you install the grill then it will happen. Now Sanjay, it seems like a lot, my work grill has stopped the light and that wall will have a door in it, the door will be made of wood, by the way, when you come back after seeing what is inside, this religion is this wall, this room is making this room. I told him to come to the bathroom.  I went here, the door came and there are so many windows in the middle, so when the person enters from here, he closed this door, installed the AC on this tree here, the window is fine, so there is no light, but his brother has it. Chutku and also put a frill on it and put a net on it which is painted and kept, so the light comes one-third in comparison to my flight and behind it there is a program and kept the same one which I had told that six feet here is not on the hair.  six feet between  The maximum place of eight in this is when there was no theft, the people of Delhi are not getting anything, so I kept it complete, so this was my rough comparison, you guys have come here, you should understand it okay and how did you feel, tell me now on this.  I am going to take questions Manya people ok and I am going to teach a formula ok Dhundhu taught me the formula he will be very mathematical in Swift he will learn more now ok you too Games for recording questions  People's Nails What Have Ever Told Her How Much You Agree You Don't Agree With U Agree TK Widget