Hello friends, call darshan builder floor on plot in Gurgaon real estate, there is chat topic on it, this will be my address to that audience, he is looking to buy a plot, is he sitting with the plot or has an old plot, he has got this video of mine in inheritance, for them.  Those who want to become builders have become builders and this one is working, so this one is for all, this one and for the rest of the people, it is real estate education. Even if these do not come in return for you, your learning should still be there.  Bigg Boss will help you in understanding your alternative sources in decision making, so let's watch the video with you, if you have a plot, many questions come, I also have a plot, what to do and collaborate with the builder and then build it and sell it, then the answer is.  A lock, this advice is being given in August 2002. What happened in the past? Forward-looking advisory issued, what will be the reaction in next 2 years?  Let me tell you, whenever you do calibration with anyone today, it will take 2 years for the product to be manufactured, till then that product can remain in the market and you can earn as much money as you could by selling a plot today and earning five to six percent on it.  You can take returns, put money anywhere, put anything on WhatsApp, how is Deputy MD, on top of this, you will get money somewhere else, if you invest in FD also, then within 2 years you can earn 10 to 12 cents on your money, then question.  Question: You have a plant, you want it in a clean way, do not install it under the influence of any builder because there are many builders, there are many who only put Salman himself in the coal dispatch and that too want to sell the thing. Nx, we are late in the stage.  Faisal liability liability may not work out and that thing is not of that rate daughter please listen carefully to understand what I am trying to say X plus Y Z plus Z plus I want to see the question my golden  Question  If we include the cost of normal tile with list then it is approximately ₹ 2. The builders who make corrections make it on 17180 and make ₹ 500 of it.  There is profit but 25 rupees are charged for calculation. Do you understand this thing? You have to understand rough mathematics. For calculation, you have got the plot and the deal that is going on. If libration will help you in that also, then 6 rupees will be given to you.  Margin is Rs.100, he calculates it by Rs.25, even then he takes his profit saying it is ok and tell everything internally, WhatsApp should know that what he is saying will be frowned upon daily.  If the profit is ok, otherwise you send it as per that plot. I am the cost of fund and then the builder's margin becomes what the profit was. If you want to earn, if it is ok then it is set. After calculating the cost of flight, the floor is so much. 1.9 crore cards will come out, if 2.1 crore cards of 32.3 can be made difficult, then what is influencing it the most, the cost off is the highest in quantity in subscribe, then if 13  If the limit keeps on increasing, then the big ones will have to stop construction. In the last month of construction, there has been a rise of fifteen percent of this iron in the last three-four years, so the person who wants to buy it tomorrow, then subscribe to the alternative that it is available in the market. So whatever it is, because the addition compilation can be done for the next one or two years because it seems that the validity is no longer being built in it, the builder wants to play the builder's game in Gurgaon first.  Normal Mussaddi Lal used to play, he can't do it even in old Gurgaon who had no supply chain and used to do other things and there were so many experts and that too is nothing now now they are operating in the buildings of Delhi whose chawri is from the market.  We take out all the juice from purchases, there is a liability for them, but now I am telling those brothers also that according to the complete calculation, even if your projects are going on today, the charts will come out.  In 10 minutes but do n't start with a fresh plot because keep the rates like that, will its time come again? This complaint will only come its time when all the other plots because with this I would like to tell that all these are signatures, you are smart and will take as much as possible in this kind of market.  It seems that these people are definitely running it, you will not be able to do quantity with them, their price will be better than yours, they are giving this Triphala Bhosle test behind four walls, they will give a direct confrontation, their security is better.  The amenities are better, the builder is stuck, the look is the same and once you guys do what you guys have set, now there is no liability anywhere and the way you have to pay the money is that this money is Falguni, in this it is just that  Yes brother, we will plant yours in these stones, it will be adjusted as far as the habit of living in the opposite direction is concerned, here every 9:00 is like this, whatever you see in HUDA sectors, see it in Sushant Lok also in Flame.  Look, if we are based on a normal plot, then you people, Indian Idol goes on and continues till 11-12, nothing is done and the new is fine, people cover it from behind and there is nothing in it, we used to be in collars, it started here.  If it starts happening then it goes away very quickly, there are no side effects from here too, make it smaller in the future, do it here because there is competition and like in Delhi, everyone likes it and sits down, they come to the rodeo. That's my true and balcony road  But when the government comes, I am fine, so I just reached Gurgaon Bhiwani, but now that direction, the people are the same, the mentality is also there, people come from here to here, now the person from Delhi will come, I will blame the people of Delhi, battu psychology.  How are we all? Okay, brother, let's do something or the other, a little at a time, he did it, I also did it, people of color feel like sitting doing all this work, that growth is not a side effect, you have to see.  That wherever there is clear separation people will share in such streets, wherever such people are, this is not a sign of sending people with the mindset of occupying the place which is not yours, people should keep occupying the Green World toe, so keep in mind that such people When you live with people with such a mindset, their anger is not amendment, it is possession, then you can never be happy in the long term. I am telling you very deep and important things that the way of capturing.  That I should do a little more, Kallu a little more, put up that boundary wall, park your car and then do something of your own, it is going on like this on strike, so fold 109, it is a very good and wonderful thing, there is no such choice in Delhi.  You go anywhere you just have a slot to break steel plus have to build gopher spread in Gurgaon there is a lot of hunger in this spread so on the rest of the buffer you can see that and the builders have to see that you can build  So you will give, but you will not be able to get profit from your input output. I feel that the plot owner will get benefit in selling the plot itself. Do the calculation somehow. If any builder approaches you, you can do the collaboration. Tell me brother, listen.  Take this plot, give ₹ 1,000,000 less, bring it, then give it to me today, give it to me tomorrow, you have built four houses on your plot, a flight, now it will be sold on the other coast, then you will get profit.  She is going to come and everyone is waiting for 6 minutes, 8-10 minutes and then she will get frustrated, maybe like us here secretly or people start understanding things on their own, who wants to watch Indian Idol whose 8 to 10 minutes 12 o'clock 1 o'clock hobby, can't go out anywhere, you have dinner, you have 200 meters at night and you have the right to do that, it's sleep before sleeping, they say you should take 206, after dinner, you should take 2017 meters at night.  Is there a place for India to be looted by those motorcyclists? Such people go there, you see them, then they live there and they say how will you feel about what you have bought and received. It will rain at some places, and you will bring your dirty feet, right? I love this place.  If you want to stay then see the place will become more expensive because when the reminder is set, this thing will understand that when I go out, everything is clean and neat, so my slippers and shoes will not come with dirty, this is a big reminder.  Will give peace only in this money, this money and the difference of this thing will be explained and told, whoever understands and tells, it is not going to be told, your bathrooms are opening under all the doubts, it is an issue of Vastu for the whole life and the smell, how much will it cost, apply the fine, that shirt. Side effects from Chutanki: Five ideological governments call me that too, the public captures it, that too does not leave, okay, that air is coming out of it, okay, something is put below it, something is put above it, someone has taken something out of it.  people their  Let us understand the achievement, we understand that these were the aspects in things, so if you are going to get back fit, now you do not need to go, it is not wanted to be a profitable thing and in future in my business, then that is the input cost and all that.  You can take plant membership by putting it in my account, I am explaining to you that understand this, find out the cost of someone, whenever you buy a plot, have a perplexed darshan, do rough math, rough math can never be wrong, if your plot is worth three crores and  There is a space of ₹ 3000 feet, if the goods will come out then it will cost you rs. 10000. But Switzerland's Co has imposed cost correction on dry fruits, then you apply a little margin, you will earn profit, no one else is doing free social service.  Then you will charge the cost of fund at 7-8 percent per year, then in 2 years you will charge 15-16, see how many postings are coming from you and on the sting of that, I will buy. And I will check like this, I have 2019 wives, they look to see if the juice increases and then apply the formula in costing, then they do not have alternative money at that time for the next 2 years, will they never do this again?  If this one is their competition and today they are here, then tomorrow if these ones are what I am saying, they are good and good and should be taken on value, if this price has gone here, those who will go and more have gone here.  So this demand will be created again to buy this but thank you