Loot Namaskar friends, today's topic is going to be very interesting, this maximum question was asked to me last month, it got late in the good video but still the traveler is strong, this topic will be support your property and all the topics of that will be what to do.  These are residential projects till this year, so first of all we should know that Secret Remedy has huge inverter information in it. In this way, if many people are going to doubt, then watch the entire video very carefully till the end.  And understanding its SS that is it is any of your property on 1st year exam JP Green or any of Amrapali somewhere in Noida ok add if your is 2535 tha west then it is whatever builders scheme lar under support your property it says that  Brother, three or four, it depends on the project. If the project is three times this four, the more money you have stuck, the more you will not have to sell a new property and this is your money. If you do this playlist, then mostly  The psychology which is not there is that tree of the lover, it is used to create moments in life, that psychology would have left my infidelity or the original idea goes. If you people like all this then please like it and subscribe the channel Bill.  If you press the notification, then like the page Aashiq, this project is to move ahead in life because I have to return, there many people are adopting import your property like that, I am in the beginning.  Don't want to do this, test heroine good money, you Redmi, understand that you have no idea, what is the rate of that property for 3 months and six months of the same builder, that is to chant the GPS of that ₹ 100 which is being sold at 125 and yours.  The rupee is being adjusted and the same amount is being sold but what is he not doing? He has added it to you. All the builders and cousins ​​say that it is okay, hair oil is the same for him.  I am not speaking at all in a handmade interview. I keep the builders in high self-esteem. Those who have stomachs have gone to jail, except those who have not gone, I keep it very tasty for them that one needs courage to do business.  So it is not so easy to build your own house. Have you ever put in so much effort to build four floors, but I would still like to say that winterers should do this product, not builders, but big property sellers have brought this product.  your absolutely We are not taking their names but you can understand who they are, they search everywhere, they sell properties everywhere, in Delhi, Gurgaon, in Greater Noida and Noida.  If he is working as an aggregator, then he is a trapped builder, then his property is Joker SIM, if he takes this in Potato Your Property, then after understanding his rights, if the rates are for this project, then he will take it. And then either he will make it himself or sell it further, someone else will do it, one will make the tower active, he can do anything, it is less than here, you people, this is my device, do not enter the product, there is no benefit to you in it. So many people will say that if there is no benefit, then what is the harm? Those who lock it, your sentiment of disclosure, only that is being made a slide and nothing else is being done. To help you understand this, I will tell you with an example, you like.  Correct  Because you will understand from the example only then we will relate it to you with your template. At a distance of 132nd from Dwarka Expressway, not in 1 minute but at a distance of 30 seconds, there is an opposition at a prime location in the 112 system, meaning that the politics of politics start flat very much.  People are trapped in it, if you are also trapped in it and if you are watching this video then you can join it, then many people are being given tempting promises in it. You people are sitting on the good mind of Potli Property and people will fool you and take away the rights. Your money is stuck in Rs. 2540, it has been kept postponed till 50%. You people know that you will not get the property worth Rs. 1.5 crores and will stick it.  If you have the right to say good night, then from here I will start my second topic from what to do, I have arranged a project, people are stuck in many projects, what is happening in it, people, this is ₹ 10 People are running after the builder, they want solution from him, either he is going to jail, every builder who goes to this house has kept a boy in his house, after going to jail, I will go uncle, I will go famous, tell him to your character.  You will go to jail for three months, what will you get after that, now I leave this remedy, cry out for them, tell them on social media, break the incredible, do all the work because I have done so bad to you, but use your mind.  I was thinking that just by taking wickets and making the match better, that too will come with dreams. What do you say? Do you think too much? Then you, because they are a peace team, you guys, if there are three in the beginning, then it is a solution, which is not a team, and who else in BSP?  You have to drown your face with your hands, okay then it is my duty to do it, you have to mute that social media, you have to connect with people like us, you have to connect with people like me, I will do the validations and I will tell them about whatever stuck projects are your projects. how much in  You have the juice, you tell the builder everything, you look at us, you leave, you will be seen, the approach to NCRT will also be seen in the conveyance test, these arbitrators and remain here, they are having a lot of fun, they are having so much fun, this job would have been declared by the government because the nails team  I had made it but the results are not so good. I would say that the public has to form a group of you and me and take the decision on their own and whoever has the flight is stuck in it. Originally, he is the biggest leader of the modern world and he comes out as a banna, which should be a committee, he picks someone, a chartered accountant, a retired judge, appoints someone else, he keeps posting for three-four years, takes his money and someone else's salary. All the expenses are covered properly, water runs on water, he is in no hurry to get by, he has the money for so many days, he has it with you, so here I am making a video to wake up the public, you share that video.  Is with people because there is so much worry stuck in it First G Support Don't get stuck in your property A taste for a good money After I sat on which they say in the stock market that you have given 100% 60 It's become a matter of fabric in the matter of nutritious racing  I am going to buy more when this company can also grow. Your initial decision may be wrong. If you are releasing posters on top downloads then there is no value in it. Yes, you have to set your mind first, don't do total property.  The second one is, as I have told in the example of Ashta Gopiyan, if all the buildings built, wait, I will demolish the other one, I will give my stone to him and the land, I will become a partner among all the stakeholders and will make a new Twitter, a new plan has been made and everyone will make it new.  You are also made from scratch, you people will get profit, it means a lot, it is telling a string case, otherwise within the same, you have to understand that and then and time has become so heavy, now in 500 meter noose reverse express.  Once it was 3.5, when the project section was done at that time, the pet was less, so can it be increased again by crossing the government that we are lying broke, this will save the winter like this, it is allowed, it should be allowed to build two towers.  The extra who will build two towers here and whatever money he earns from it, come down, this will also complete our program, who will hold such discussions, who will take the mediation, you people who are stranded because those who are stranded, first of all, there is one thing.  After getting their idea, the person who can explain to them how much juice is there in their project is not there, there is no sugarcane in it, how many glasses of juice is coming out of it, he has an idea and he will get carried away in someone's audio property funny story and will narrate some stories. Take this, we will make it and also this channel head, what will you do and if you close this half, then you have invested four times in it, so he has taken out his profit margin from it, plus in this, the legal rights in your project are his, all the sales are yours.  money debit Whatever was yours was done on paper, those documents and your gender stay were used for this. If I demo it like this then I want to take away all the people's money and pain because I know that thousands of crores can be earned in this project. I will slowly and gradually take you to the total property in your WhatsApp group and tell you about the thefts and at the best of the best, get fresh, this is his, but there is a chance that your old money has been recovered because  he set up jaat  There is a price and that price, they play it in two ways, first one they play it in the tutor that many funds had 125 that if they practice this way, secondly they are not able to do it blatantly, then second one you are forgiven, its payment plan gives you  If you invest in a property which is not so developed, your payment for it up front will be very high, so first test the paper bad and clear out 25 which are dangerous and give it quickly, then that letter will be mine, my father's, this one.  Th  If we are following this type of philosophy, then my subscribe is not that I will create a stir in the real estate market, but one thing which is related to me is my subscribe and which is  This is the video when Karvat Hind is watching, I request you to please subscribe my Atlist, if that person will be saved from getting trapped in this thing, then it is a big satisfaction for me, this thing. If you are not able to understand it completely or you are a part of such a WhatsApp group where there are torn projects and WhatsApp needs a conversation with a hundred or two hundred people, then you can join me on that.  I have a template on how to mark the previous product because it is a start project but how many lines are there according to the right, so you can tell me the truth and break it down.