Hello friends, today I am going to give a practical tip, it is not going to be a long video, please try to follow it in your life, some people around you will be sad, there will be pain, there will be loss, or the sadness can be of any kind, people are struggling with thousands of types of sorrows.  If you have ever been with them, then you do not have to be sad, you have to be strong, you have to be strong, I generally see that someone is sad because my job is to bring people out of sadness, so what is the first reaction when someone says that you are sad? Look, be sad with him because this is the social conditioning of our society which is wrong. To change the social conditioning, I made a video and you all share it. Whoever it is, whoever it may be, whatever the situation, someone is sad.  So you do n't have to be sad, you have to live comfortably, you can even smile a little, I am not asking you to laugh, the next person may also get irritated that I am in sorrow, so you are so happy, you are enjoying.  This may happen to me but this is the conditioning of the society because how can someone help me if this person is unhappy? You too were at this level, if you also come to his level then how will you help me, that energy flows from this to that and that. We have learned all that temperature is high, hot air is low, cold air is low, we have studied all that physics. Okay, so how did this and this break, then you too broke with it or this broke, you also broke or whatever.  Brother, if you use Kamo of any genre, then how will it work? One person has to hold his own in it, do not go down with him because if you have to go swimming or someone has fallen in a pit, if you have to pull someone out, then you have to be in a better state.  Then that person but what do we do? There is no point in being strong, if you have to do something then what is the easiest, what is the most in India, I teach this many times in my webinars workshops in life. People do the same work, it is easy, it is a natural human tendency, it takes more effect to do difficult work, being happy is difficult, I don't know anyone said, being happy is easy, no, again a belief system and social conditioning which needs to be happy. Staying sad is not easy. Staying in sadness is a default setting and is an easy thing to do because there is nothing to do in it. To become happy, you will have to do something.  We will have to clean the surroundings, we will have to arrange for food, we will have to arrange for entertainment, the words also break like this, no, I don't want anything, everyone has been fooled by YouTube, influence, story writers, spiritual people too, now.  He took names of many people and told them that he used to talk nonsense, I don't know why he used to do it, that's why he was fooled because it was okay because there are no things to be happy about.  If there was nothing then tell me whether there is no now there is nothing, now suppose there is no food then we will tell you some story about how one can live without food but now it is not so, today is 2024, today is happy.  It is very easy to live again if you know how to live and it is also difficult if you do not know the curd of your mind, then I am not expecting you to believe that we have the resources and ways to be happy but it takes effort to remain unhappy.  someone in  If you don't feel the effort then next time you find any friend, any relative, your family member, it is okay and do n't be sad with any person around who is unhappy, keep leading your normal life, tell him that he is annoying, you too lead your life as much as you can.  Someone has gone and is not going to come Someone has gone and is not going to come Some loss has happened Someone is not going to come If there is a loss of money then the first thing you should do is write your lesson  Why it happened so that it should not happen again and start working to earn fresh money No, my loot has gone, my mine has come, my mine has come, become a lawyer, cut the court, fight, do your procedure, but full time.  Don't keep doing the same thing, I have seen people giving up their lives for two lakhs and one lakh rupees for Hajj, I am not saying that these are not very big amounts but if something happens to them then this amount is my life.  Don't start giving up, your life is precious, whichever court you go to, you can complain, whatever is the procedure, please follow it, never let your even ₹ go uncontested and not for the sake of I am not saying that I am not saying here's not your money from 00.  Don't give every single rupee, raise the issue but don't give up your life, that is, fight but do other work also, do n't be sad, what is the main aim, don't be sad. Go, be strong, be strong, if one of your vehicles gets stalled somewhere, what do you do? You tell him to give you money, someone to give you insurance money so that I don't suffer any loss, no matter how much time you lose, you still lose your time. You are doing well.  It's okay, beyond that you had to do all this, who will bear the brunt of it, no one will bear the brunt of it, everyone will bear the burden of the car, it will cost you Rs 500-5000 to fix this car, but take Rs 5000 to get that car repaired.  My time is gone. Who will calculate that amount of 0000? There will always be loss. Do fight but do n't give up your life. This is the message. Tell me how you felt. Don't be sad in times of sorrow. You have to become strong and when you get strength then those with you will  You can give genuine help by being detached, because sometimes what happens to unhappy people is why I have to make it, many people run into tears and if they get something, it will not be right. There are many people roaming around whose default setting is of sadness. You have to be strong and you have to interact with them from a common distance. Do n't let them come like this. In swimming, those who save those who have done the course know how to swim if someone drowns. If you want to save him, you have to save him from a distance. If you let him come close, he will drown you. Your hands should keep moving him and he is drinking water, but made him breathe in between, drank the water, made him breathe, did this and took him out to the corner. he has to go to his  If you become Vikram like Betal, then Betal will drown you, so basically in life, do not make anyone a Betal or make someone sit here, no matter how sad someone is, one should not sit here, one should have strong shoulders, but to make someone sit, he will crush you. Understand.  If you don't know what to do then please share this thing. I do some workshops, they are pragmatic, they are practical, they will continue to be done now. There is a subscriber info group in the comment section, if you  Haven't joined any of my groups yet, beyond that you can elect to choose so that's practical, not with any superficial knowledge, not of any book, not of any text, not of any old thing, not of that thing which you will see in 2024.  You are facing, you are seeing in 2025, you will see practical is a big thing which I offer second is you can take membership of this channel premium membership of this channel if you  If you take membership, you will see many things, Happiness Course One, Happiness Course Two, you will also see something about Astrology, Relationship Webinars, you will see Premarital Consultation, you will see many different types of webinars, that too will help you a lot. By pressing the join button, you will get platinum membership.  You can take it from those who are with 'i' and it is not visible to my people separately. If it is not visible next to 'Join Subscribe' then you can take it from them. If you are facing any problems as my subscriber, you can post them in the comment section. I can make a video on it very clearly. Whenever I come across such things, it is very difficult for me.  It was coming to me in the consultation that many people around me were saying that people are so unhappy, I have also become unhappy, now that unhappy person feels very good, at one time I was unhappy, you were also unhappy, but we both became equal.  That did not reduce his suffering. In fact, he did not come out of the pit. To get out of the pit, only a strong person can take out. So choose your people whom you want to give strength. Choose the people whom you want to stay away from. There is a lot of sorrow in this world. 80  But it is useless but at 20 it is genuine, it is ok at 20, genuine is also working, ok at 80 but it is imaginary, I just want it to be like this  If you are not able to meet then you are sad. If you are not doing anything then that is hypocritical sadness. So choose your sad people around you very well whom you have to help and be very strong. Thank you very much.