Shravan ok good morning to all of you today I am going to our prisoners in Delhi Android application in resolving infection on homes recording property and I am application in certain relaxed situation so first understand our business in Delhi this game is three, destroy and say  Nashik Room, everyone speaks English, more cold, Chav Prestage, one in Lima, understand that Dvoj arrests Anvit and brings him to the police, his name is fine.  Give me one more, this is fine and of course you lock both of them in separate cells, they have been caught, the police knows them but the fat scoundrel, we have been caught, small feet lips for the ticket, but proof.  If this happens, then after licking both of them, the policeman says, Kishan Bhai tells one that you have water choice, you confirm that you used to do all these things earlier and we will break you and he will be punished and  You please tell me if you are okay with stealing the news then you will do the conference then you will go scot free and your billed pimple and if both of you do the conference then both of you will get 2 years then he was also told about his and he also told about yours. If given, I will take two punishments, okay, and if both of you remain silent, then you will put us every week and it will be one year in this age, okay, so now the catch is this, but if he remains silent on this issue, then he will get one year more.  The other person also remains silent and he will also get one. It is best that he will get one at once but the incentive goes towards fitting because if he opens his mouth and gets that piece, then either this soft thing can go to him and if he also opens his mouth.  Whoever turns to India then goes to India after 2 years and then after one year, then what is the truth and dilemma and text-22 situation that there is benefit in doing corporate but there is an incentive not to do corporate, you understand that my talk is a very big thing.  now legally we Corporate should be performed they are 9 decade turn on because I hide my body more closed or not my friend does not fall and if the next one accepts then it will be three years for me and he will go out then when the mail which is strategy here What is a strong strategy? Adverse conditions are these things. If you go to childhood, teachers use these things in schools, classes use these things, children used to be parents use these things, employers use these things.  Bhaiya uses these things, this thing, this thing, install every thing, where is the tube light used, do it in the comment section, people are practical, you will have a lot of fun in this example, I hope you understand, now I will come to it with the real estate.  Duh, what happens many times is that if there are two brothers or brother-sister or two sisters then there is a property dispute within the family, normally everyone knows that if there are two then it will be divided equally, so what is the incentive?  To corporate that they are fine, the parents are gone or there is something about inheritance that we both are brothers and sisters or brothers or sisters, we divide the property in half, sell it, get the money or restructure the set.  All my topics will be there, I will tell him in a different way in the future that how can you have a relationship without any trouble, there is trouble, that is gone, now at that time, if one of the brothers is in physical possession or the father is gone, only the mother is no more and the mother is no longer there.  so is breath  His younger brother, this elder brother, that one particular brother lives with you, he is friends with his daughter-in-law and has a relationship with another, so now this one who is the second child, who is living with his mother, saying that you are a rude brother, this Panchami.  Shivling is there and ma'am, I am taking care of you, now I am taking care of mother in it, so brother, now it is mine, you yourself have seen this happening in families, do you believe that such a story happens with any of you? you have formed yourself  You yourself are the brother who is going to kill, justify your other brother by saying that he did not take care of his parents, take care, then as a result, take care of Punjabi Bagh's 200 pm, the payment of Rs 10 crore, 12 crore, 6 crore, no one will help.  It is okay to keep it but very very clear, even Rs. 10,000 of a maid is clear, hers is Rs. 10-20 thousand, tantrum is Rs. 10,000 and the one who presses his feet  Even if it is Rs 10,000 and you are providing the same service by editing, then lakh rupees will be charged per year. If you have been doing it for 10 years, it will be Rs 12000000 because you are making Rs 12 crore in it. If you say this then I will explain this in Maestros also.  Papa is there, but it happens that these people are their phones honey or not, what did I keep, mummy doesn't love me, I came in the desert, never came, so immediately went to the country, hey.  He has earned a lot of money in a foreign country and is not only a fighter. Dayan Dhawan Ayurvedic Are like it is not doing well in my life is the giving and doing everything. Mom and dad do everything. Where does Mirch do everything? While doing all this, he does so much.  Yes, we have done a lot, okay, so there is an incentive to sheet, but when he files a case in the court, no one leaves the money, so now he also has a launch, the money is going and both of you have permission.  It is being given in the society that you should fight among yourselves, who should you put in the court, the marriages of your children below you, seeing the family, Khandekar will use that it will be a road copy, it is okay if you hide it, you are fighting among yourselves because nobody wants Bloody Mary, this is historical.  No, I have still been rescheduled to enter the house, take care, there is a fight going on between my sister, brother, brother and his relationship, so we try to hide it, okay, then it's time to get married.  After that, come, it comes, it is believed, then it becomes known that all this is not hidden behind, okay, three attempts are made, it is the state, can people and also with this thing, so when it is in it now, what is there in it, there is benefit in both of them in corporate that  He says brother, see, it is like this, it is worth 12 crores, I have made a big decision, let me do this, if I do that, then I will stop the sigh after seeing it clear in the decision, okay, friend, why did you do 5685 six and a half inches, now I will talk about selling the man.  So I will note that it is okay because the land that is grabbed from the country should not be reduced by this line, be it Kashmir or anything else, any historical 200-300 years old due to land, which is in physical possession of the same.  There is a log of capture, it is okay, so in this you have to recognize these three, when you have to record in such a way that you have two 9 game theory, it was like the policeman.  Had not told both of us that we both were told separately that we did not know what the man was doing but in practical life this is not the practice but you can talk about it, he is telling it to the policeman only, so here  Whatever resolution you have to do, I do conflict resolution on consultation process in Railways. The department has created a profile with Chahal people. People come to collect, so I am telling you this thing that both me and  One has to sit and give incentives that this 12 crores is yours, this entire property will be usurped, its valuation will fall, it will never be able to buy anything in its entire life, that even after crossing these 7 crores, it will be for the child or someone else. Still, there will be troubles, it is okay and if the relationship also ends, then both of you have to explain a lot or if you are wise among them then you have to look at it in such a way that the next person is sensitive enough to see you like that.  Pepsi and Cola are ok so if Pepsi closes both corporate then keep reading the price ok let it keep increasing listen there will be profit but a high i will take its market share do your correction any price will work for getting the marksheet so this too  Will reduce the price. If both of them reduce the price, then the sales of both will increase a little, but the price will remain. The real game will be on someone, then the toilet will be called predatory pressing. I will reduce it further. Okay, then this will either reduce the gas further. I get marked in this, as they say, there is a cutting indication, it is done by the airlines when the time of Diwali comes, anywhere, if the egg line is leading and more consistent, Andheri, I have a lot of money and I will capture the market, then it will come in handy. What is it, everyone flies down like a bank return, even the stars do like this, they think no, I will keep doing, I will keep deleting money, that actually there was network support, it is cat psychology right there.  The prisoners are going to be given an incentive to carry out the operation, that is, divide it and take one rate for yourself. If I live, what will be my flight rate, the trouble of calling so much, Raksha Stotra, earning money, I need it near the ghat, but the goals are achieved in between.  Called that if I update in the backup matter, then this thing is planted in business also, it is employed in personal life also, it is used everywhere, where can you apply it, you will see these things when you look for a job.  It's okay if you take it and it's yours to fix it near the interview, since if Ajay asks you something and you silently accept it, then you feel cheated friend, he would have asked for more, I am not doing anything, you will ask for more.  So the one who is replying will go through its root and you will think that it is okay to extract the juice from the first day, here the package was 18, you were for 24, so till now that ID has to work, the passengers have to do like this.  If you have to do something then he will also do it. Okay, so in this we have to see that we are doing something towards the bin. You can go anywhere anytime, go to buy a plot, go to buy a property, go to some friends, if you leave something to the next person, he will not have it like it is very hard.  You will find that we wash it, okay, all of them suck that I have the best butterfly in that product, do I die, don't understand this, don't make it in front, okay, when you say Taylor's, it will take thousands of rupees, if you class it in 800, then brother, she is so good.  I do n't feel like giving pension, tractors, merit, whatever is mine, I have got the same, consultation fee and lot of thanks, ok, high, what does it mean, it depends, I would have made it when I saw it, it is ok, so it can cost to anyone, so how much can I pay?  I swear by the price of I will not lodge, I will not have the passion in my matches, I will not even get free from inside, and then you will benefit, otherwise I will not like it, if you can't, then you go somewhere else, just stay with Kishore.  Tax  For me, this is the only thing that I will keep for you in my life, so this is the thing that you have to see whenever it will come into your life every second day in Prisoners Tele. Another intelligent way of this is what happens in traffic Paris. For the first time, there were also this one.  If there was a transaction, then I came to know that B is a corporate person, if he did not do this, then in the relationship, when you make one the one and you make the one that I am the one who updates, then your value in the market.  This website will increase yes people are also salt or yes it will corporate due to predict your behavior candidates having situation then you people attract people in your job at work place of business family relationship because sometimes when money is not available that friend I am  I will do it, Patiyat will not do it, he will not do it, and if he doesn't do it, I will feel cheated, so if you have made a good reputation for yourself, then winners will not.  Separate because he was in isolation, if we reverse the story in between, he was caught four times before in a similar manner and yes, this situation came and he was corporated every time and B never reduced the fees and  Then even a single person will come to know that I will not contact that DP will do this in the setting and restaurant doobie want to be inch relationships which is the stomach forever answer game free kya hai in isolation, this happens for the first time.  That you entered Bigg Boss house, you don't know who is remembering how, but we in our family also have 15 years of history on our jobs, no, I told him to do this work, last time you did it in this.  This Ayya, I will make it so that I will do it, then next time he will also do this, if you have joined that cycle, then you can stay in this school of things in life because these are attractive channels 19 and any man should not be such that you will not be like that for 3 years. of  He will punish you and he will convert you and he will confuse you. Remove such people from your life with a cross mark. This is a big fight. Do not take revenge from whoever you feel like this. Make the interaction zero, relatives. Check.  Koi friends Chakravarti and Bhagya tak hai tu kahan aadmi tak hai, if not for the world but for me so that when you read this you will surround yourself with people love them positive-positive positive  There is nothing negative, one person can be positive in taste and negative for you, but for how long will you say that friend, actually he is negative, the world is such that everyone is good with us, if there is some fault in you then we will put this energy in it.  They sell a lot of Prime Pet related things Good Venus Light Bite Foods Paintings To Inform Somebody All this light is good for you, bad for the world, it is fine for you, live comfortably in your life.  It is bad for you, good for the world, you do it, now by bringing moral ethics in everything, there is no ship source in our life, we put our life in a lot of confusion, I will start after recording no, I will take till