Hello friends, today's topic is Problems Faced by Gurgaon Developers, what is the problem of the top developer and will there be support for it, what is the developer thinking now like common customers, it is important for you to know this so that what can you expect in the coming days.  If there is a suspicion of that, these two things will be discussed. First let's start with what is the problem of the developer. Who are the top listed players? Do you know who all are listed on Dwarka Expressway? You know the names of S., you are not getting land parcels, those who want to bring these and other projects, land parcels are roaming around, no land parcels suitable for these are being found in Gurgaon, why and what is that and what are they like, then you should see that someone  Also, the front land parcel should not be split, should be of proper size, should have a proper shape, everything should be on a proper road, all the land parcels were burnt when you You would have seen the shape that comes out like this, Ram Sharan sold the land, Dayaram remained, Daya Ram Katha Man Abhi, only then he got this entry from there and then by doing it like a disco dance.  That's what Mithun Chakraborty ji does, by doing it like that, she is moving, by doing that tractors, the game is coming, one like this, the game is going on by doing something like this, the length of the middle is someone's, then here is this, then this is his, then he is in Deendayal.  Work Their ID gets hacked because you have to cut the flooring and give them plot floor and sucking 9 meter road, then just cut the trees like this and take them away, but the builders bank project is big AC-2 AC-3.  If you want to bring a card based on a specific ultimatum, nothing will come of it and if you cannot sell it at that rate, then this is a big problem and why is this problem increasing because all the land parcels you own are consolidated.  They are not allowing it to be done and they themselves are building it in Delhi, this is also a select group of small people together, deep brother sir, people are plotting, so I will come to this only, all four are builder 's mindset, this is the life of the builder, whoever you are, hold the opposite.  Which was launched in December 2018, the market place in Dwarka Expressway is expected to be positioned by 2025. The last flat of the last tower of its last face and the top planes are also taking seven to eight years.  Many are even taking 10 to 12 years, do you know that it is taking so much time to monetize the project, in this the builder is saving less money which in seven, eight, ten, 12 years will be the input cost, whatever be its mark, the investment will be sold in this situation.  The method was that it changes a lot, it is taking time in monetizing, so as soon as this Deendayal system came, it was brought out for the builders because the system in it was frozen plot fifty percent fifty percent of its own.  Take out, make a floor on them and that floor is made in 2 years and make 3630 project completely naked and fake by making that floor in 2 years. Now the government has added spice to it when the government said that no no, not fifty percent worship, but 20 cents in.  If you send 80% of the material then 80% of the gardener is visible in any quarter final, so it is free-for-all for practice, notification for the same is coming now.  That's why many people are updating you that brother, that tax was already paid, you keep asking what to do next, then its end is going to happen, but now the builder is going even further, the builder is saying that after three-four years.  Put it in the collection also directly brother, hold the cake, hold the cake of any such shape and add pieces to it, cut it and position it in six-eight months because sewerage line has to be laid in it, this is enough to make roti, the rest is not to erect Taj Mahal and  Keep saying insulting things throughout the month and tell everyone, brother, if you return, it is yours, the land is yours, brother, how to build a luxurious house in 132 yards as per your own, it will be built as per your own, the land is yours.  So if white wholesale is uploaded in this dialog market, then it would be sold quickly, no matter what their rates are, the rates will increase further, then the developer's mind is not to make a set top thing, what can you common customers think and understand from this?  There are existing inventories which are going out, when will it remain zero till Diwali, when will there be a huge jump in the rates, you hear some rates from me, you market players who are going to come, you will get to hear things at 15 to 16 thousand above feet in the next three.  If you talk about such projects which are normal like AC to 2 tier projects, then within four months there will be such a jump in the rates and the big players who have sold some of their goods  Out of Rs.7000 sq ft, it was sold in Jor Peeth for 2 years, first 14 years ago on Dwarka Expressway, now you will see their last tower coming in two months, in one and a half to 2 months, 4bhk big elementary tower will be priced at Rs. 1100 per square feet. Listen and that too will be the last inventory. What does the builder do? As the inventory decreases, the rate increases, in this also very easily.  As to which page you want to see, you have to look at it and give it a position. You have three more years left in your inventory. There is a little girl, so there is no need to take out all of it today. Dispersion inventory. If the tower is from Vijay's then correction can start. You guys remember the formula, if I have a hot flight in a tower and if I sold 20, the full money has not come, book now, whatever I get at 10, 20, 30 cents is enough for me to book this tower. To make it, give me fennel first, there is no need to save and many builders want to clear their inventory later at increased rates, not in any green for some time, where earlier it used to be that the project is ready, timing was done with such beauty project.  There is talk of market cycle, there are also such projects when the entire project is ready and there is still inventory left, there have been such projects too, but in the projects that are there now, such a situation is not seen at all.  By the time 360 ​​more towers are built, they will sell the last units in 3 years, their prices will increase a lot, so today's inventory is now in the Gurgaon market, the builder is busy in building floors in the coming time. This is the latest news of Deendayal for you. Six months ago it was said that only Deendayal will come, only Deendayal's frauds will come, now whatever consultation is being given is being discussed and whatever  There is also a talk in the air that if you make a floor and sell it, then you will be able to earn more margin because of the floor.  So the input cost has increased and there is one more problem in the floor. I talked to friend 12 and asked him, 'Brother, take the decision of making the floor, otherwise the customer throws tantrums 50 times. His waist is small. This is what you tell someone.' Give him a plot of 140 houses, 130, 120 grams, 610 yards, he does n't know what will come out of it, and he is not even taking it for the sake of what will come out, he is an investor, he has to buy the plot, the only thing he knows is that brother, he is getting it at Rs. 1.25 lakh.  It will be a liter, you will get one and a quarter, you will get one and a half to two, a date, you will get two, it has a function, but when you give it to someone, then you have to make Rochelle in the processor at that time.  1110 * Element Week 09 2012 One has to write like this, then open many and this photo is different from the first Sanjay, brother, this is his Wipro has been involved, so they say, sell this trouble, Imolia goods like this, because the land is yours, it is fine, the land is yours.  If it happens, then issue it anytime at any rate, it is ok, whatever the market accepts, that is the rate, this is also a fax, many people ask, should I take it or not, tell me one lakh 20  The rate is Rs. 1000. You are asking whether you should take it or not. Should I say that you should not take it? If it goes to Rs. 1.5 lakh then I will have to eat a little, brother, if it has increased by twenty-five percent, then I have given the value, story, logic and mathematics only when it works.  The market may not be bullish but there will be an equal market. When garlic is below the market, Pushpa the Fair is engaged. If Pushpa the Fair is engaged, then brother, it will go to the other side and settle down. Today's market is great.  Values ​​Some Projects Which Is Tell May Audience And Very If Platform Explain I Don't Tell Explain So If You Want To Learn Why Explanation On Such Platforms How To Do It Teach Like Picture Then Please Typing Comment Teaching Explain And Comment Section  There is no need to write in, just WhatsApp me because the link of the webinar and all that will be available on WhatsApp, if not in the comment section then the number given below.  But please explain and write, then I will explain to you well the things to be done in this plane, I will explain it to you according to the math formula and according to the question, brother, at this time, Apple is back and May 22 is coming, look at this with your eyes at this time.  They are showing the situation like in cricket, Akashvani, it used to be told earlier, the batsman has now turned the ball, the song is going and the six or four or the catch is that kind of thing which is the latest happening behind the scenes, behind the scenes.  Whatever program is happening, I will explain it well to you in front of the screen, so whoever wants to explain please WhatsApp, tell me how you liked the video. Please share with your friends and inner circle who are watching this forward, watch it regularly, please subscribe to.  If you want to take channel platinum membership, you can take it. Different series are going on. Go to the play list and if you understand as per the taste then you can watch it. Thank you very much.