Hello friends, a very unique situation in Stockholm due to virus especially high-ranking government officials and baby time people you feel that in this verse it social status yar her but beer watch this people want to buy property not able to subscribe hogi thod si karna chahtaan  That people feel that there is a lot of government service at this level and they are at this level and they are in their society.  You understand yourself as this and the government bungalow in which you live, the people of the company can also add to this company. If you are not subscribed, then maybe you can relate to the company. If you were a parent, then it is yours in your mind.  There is a mismatch between your status and the extra money you have in the bank or the loan you can take, because you will not get the property through this, but you will get the property of your desire, it depends on how much is the actual salary, how much money is there in the bank, how much loan can be taken.  How many more jobs are there left? What happens in earning a living? When age passes, age passes, there is no less left. If I have a job, there are less, then all that is due to limitations. Many people want the status in digit crores. Your status is 14 crores.  I know many people in senior positions, they come for consultation, en situation disappointment is no place in the monsoon, also you are going,  12:00 Fourth, the rooms are good and you also consider them small, but it is okay. 12:00 1412 1512 2016 rooms, now you will go to Taurus and that too is out of your budget, so it is a big pain and mismatch. People have changed their expectations and moved to a really small town. If you come after retirement from a loot service job, In senior positions, there is no posting in small cities, there is posting in big cities, okay, if there is posting in big cities, then you go to the higher stage by using the fact that your children are grown up and do not feel like doing a job in 1969.  If you go to the original place in a small town and you have been away from there for 30-35 years, then you do not have any friends like you, your current job, your friends and your social circle are the same as in a big city like I am. South Indian Sports I know many people from other states who have achieved higher positions and will serve them in Delhi for the last 8-10 years and are very happy setting on please like Gurgaon last Thursday again kids after working day and the social status.  Late in the evening, this is only hair only and this is giving him property which is here in his eyes and died and wants to share so here if you people only do [ __ ] like this. Buy yourself for you which will help you in bridge this gap this is my brother ok fennel you fall into the category of people can connect to WhatsApp Web school video hai uska joud raha hai to will help you find lost in pimples and top funders pe CONTACT ME IN PARTICULAR WEBSITE ARE DEFINITELY WORKING OUT OF IT CHAND IS I AGREE SOCIAL STATUS IS HAIR Live in big houses, living in such houses then you mentally  You are not an idiot, you also know that you are not going to get it here, even if you did not subscribe here, I wish everyone knew then this guy roams here and there, then you get it here and I am saying that I will give you something.  If I could come this far then even this is a normal thing in the market, but subscribe this, June 25, what can a 25 year old say, but those who understand my target audience, then those who understand, WhatsApp Karna App.  And how did you like the fruits? Tell me how you liked it. Take the question of doubt. Thank you very much.