Loot Namaskar friends, today's topic is Punjab Election Results and Gurgaon Property Price. I am making this video very thoughtfully. Bigg Boss, I do not want to give it political overtones. There will be no lineage and tone in it, so if you find it interesting in this.  If there is a smell of politics, then MP is going to make noise on politics because I believe that politicians do some service and they themselves say that we are servants of the public, so treat them like servants.  If so, then don't give them so many voters. So now let's discuss. Do you know what are the results in Punjab elections? Their relation is direct with Delhi and Delhi has become a relation with Punjab. You all know that, but you and I feel like this.  There is a particular section, okay, people of this class, they will arise, what should happen, what should not happen, everyone should subscribe to Sonakshi, okay, but we have to see such investor adventure that whatever is happening, it will not affect me.  What difference will it make, whatever is happening now is right, I cannot stop it from happening by discussing what is wrong because I have only one vote, no matter how much I go and shout, 15 votes will not be cast, I have the ability to cast only one vote, family. You can say to the people, Everybody in the family is mind of the year old wife only votes, Front only votes, Only parents vote, this is a fact, please put this factor in the comment section, it should be vibrant.  Democracy is all about this that everyone has different thoughts inside the house and if they connect their ideology with whoever they are associated with, then in the coming time I feel that this system of casteism etc. in India will be completely deleted. Rustam will come out second under the table People who come from Lapata will assert themselves in a very good country Whoever does press does like this But what will happen in Delhi Some of Delhi's  People of this level don't want to spread the rules because when Desi Dev Singh said Kothi and left right left demography has changed, you say that the crowd is skin, so people will want to come to Gurgaon drawn into come to Gurgaon now.  What is my last statement, you tell me whether you agree or not, tell me that you are that pure that every year the population of Delhi increases by one percent per person.  From the wise time, a person would like to come to Gurgaon or should come, it means that he has stayed in Gurgaon, it will be built at least after four years, after three years, after a year, it can be built any time, but if he has bought a property in Gurgaon, then it means  If you show that desire, then at an average of one percent every year in the next four years, my incomplete 4% from Delhi will want to shift to Gurgaon or 4% will think of pressing that button now.  The average in this can be one percent. For me, in some years it may be 1.8 percent or in some years it may be 1.2. The average has been four. If the average will be one percent in four years, then four persons in four years. Population of Delhi and not including NCR. Tempting Delhi Proper.  Delhi National Capital Territory where Delhi is written below Ghaziabad Greater Noida Noida Faridabad Your horoscope is fine Proper Delhi And in this I also remove Najafgarh, it is okay because there are no crores coming from there, it is a different kind of demography, about two crore population, if we have census then I will know that we are today's popular. Let's talk about the fans of 2011.  Otherwise, today, if four percent out of 2 crore people want to come, then it becomes 8 lakh. Now these eight lakh people, the family is also saying family, there will be some lakh, if there are four people in a family, that means.  If I talk about the head, then point to five percent of the people have to wish, so if you are the head of your family, then if you want to go, then the family will have to come, so now if I refine it a little bit more, then what?  If the people who are the heads want to raise point two five percent in a year, then it means that I am going to need 2 lakh units in Gurgaon, 2 lakh units in four years, it can be a flat, it can be a builder floor.  It can be affordable, it can be of 4 crores, it can be of 2 crores, we will discuss that also but I believe in 2 lakh units, the person who sells property from Delhi because the property in Delhi is so expensive, already you know what.  Okay, after coming to Gurgaon, he will not live in affordable housing. In Gurgaon, affordable housing is priced at Rs 25,26,27,28 lakhs. So you can find the page of Shalimar Bagh here. You will remain affordable. You can buy a good one from Deendayal in Gurgaon by selling the floor in Uttam Nagar. You can buy a floor for 140 Jhatka in Gurgaon by selling 60 70 80 yards of Chutku in Uttam Nagar. So this is the value for money in Delhi. That is a different problem.  It is from Delhi that it is a board complaint and always a problem, its video will be made, it is fine with me, it is perfect if it is for two lakh units. If the requirement comes, then how much supply is there in Gurgaon? Because testing can be done with this supply only, I would like to tell you in a very simple way, if your wife takes one hour to make a cake, then it takes one hour to put it in the oven and bake it.  It seems that your wife has seen it, otherwise we can say to Saif Ali that brother is not going to make one in 1 hour, put it in madam, no, now your wife has to make the batter and Sharad  It takes one hour to prepare the masalas by mixing whatever is available in the middle and it has to be set for 20 minutes. Okay, so your wife has not organized a party, it is still vacant, so we can say Saif Ali that for 2 hours.  You are not going to get one, it is okay, in the same way, if your wife goes to the market and brings the goods, it takes 1 hour to come and buy the goods, then we Sheikh Chilli can say that brother 3  One thing is not going to be done for an hour, this is how Gurgaon is, whatever will be ready in a short time, it should start on its own, the plot should be done, if Radha dances, it will not be ready, it takes that much time, at many places it is 5 to 7 minutes.  In case of four, set the time today with hundred percent assurance that you can tell how much the inverter will cost in 4 years because the house which will be ready in 2028 will probably be launched. In 2014, we don't know who will do what where, but we know the status of those which are being launched today and how much inventory is coming in the market because if the people of Delhi come to Gurgaon and buy some ready to move ins, then this guy will also  The one who will sell has also said that he has to buy more, you know that the doll roams from there, he has bought this dress, not this one, then it will be for two lakh units, but you have to tell me how many units are there.  I am giving a hint that according to me, not even a single person from Delhi will live in the forest, but I am giving the updated information about the fruit. 72 73 projects are in the affordable Royal Orchid, maximum 8-10 will go to India 8085. Maximum total, we also planted 80 and seven hundred and fifty.  If average is taken then the total is 60,000 flights, out of which 78 thousand have been received, then there are 50,000 children who will come in the next four-five years.  So the supply of affordable is 50,000 flights, in which according to me, no one from Delhi will have the heart, if he comes by selling himself, then the 2 lakhs which I am saying will be a requirement for the people of Delhi. According to the law, there should not be 50,000 accounts in it, but you can fit the code.  Argument the matter by awakening the Guru element. Do this in favor of those who will drop your phones. You can also give this Rs. 50,000, but then cheat them.  Also one and a half lakh lights, I want more Delhi people only for Delhi people Who is coming from other cities Who is coming from Haryana cities Those who live in rent in Gurgaon Already 22 lakh population of Gurgaon is heavy So those who live in Gurgaon are good I am not hurting anyone who lives in Carbon Village, I am just going to tell you the Delhi factor in real estate. Okay, so the daily factor that I am going to tell you in real estate will go so far that  When it will be less, when it will come in the market, then what have the people of Delhi done? This one has got rice done inside the plots, after taking back the plot, there were no children in Gurgaon, the people of Delhi have made the rates of plots in Gurgaon appreciate by hundred percent in the last one and a half to two years.  Okay, now to save the juice there because you decide to what level it should go, then why can't it be like this that the floor you build on an expensive rest plot is top notch.  There are builders and if it turns out to be even more expensive than that, then you are not going to provide a swimming pool there, I am not going to provide a guard, a club house, anything, a garden, a patio, anything, I am fine, so that is the rate of this, that is the rate of this, that is also my golden question.  At that time, Field 1.3C said that on premium flights, thirty percent will be charged, but in many places today the same is going on, so you guys can watch my video, is it okay, I will give it on the link. Understand, but the people of Delhi have to establish Gurgaon pocket, now I will raise the itch, it is ok, the location is in Delhi, ABC is the location, A location is ok, one cannot buy the ultimatum of Delhi, it is clean and it is 10 lakhs, only very rich people live there.  They will not have to come because that is a different respect. You tell me which place is this in Delhi? To them, the road is a busy place, where people of the same level live, but that place is of C level.  If they leave it, then it is okay, then they will leave this thing and whatever level people are in, they cannot buy this in Delhi because it is very expensive, so they will not go to C now and also they are not liking this.  If you leave this place in Delhi, now if you are not living in a good place, yes brother, it will not be good, then after selling there, you cannot buy it in Delhi because even in Delhi you can buy Agri, it is very expensive. 50-60 crore kilometers have been driven here Even small walnuts costing Rs 40 crores are very expensive, yet people do not have a choice, if they want the entry to be as per their taste, if they want taste, if they want full pomp and show, then they will have to come to Gurgaon and  I just took how many theories, brothers and sisters, in which format would a person want to enter in a year? So, is this theory right or wrong? Please write in the comment section, do you think it is right to write or is it wrong? I too will feel a little worried after writing 'Pat Saunf' that so many people have seen the video, is it right or wrong? Please give the word, thank you very much.