Hello friends, the secret video of Gurgaon Real Estate Series, the project that we will discuss today has something to do with Pushpa and Flowers, so you can understand which is the plot-plot. Read more here, there are missed things, there is the world.  She is mad at her mother but I am going to tell her a secret. It's okay if I don't get kicked in the stomach then it is unnecessary. I can understand that it is for them that the juice penetrates there and they see big flowers of fifty to sixty lakhs.  Will keep money attached to it, I like it the most, but there is a secret in it, secret, this is a lottery plot, protein, protein, protein, protein is nothing else and the one that is visible is open, isn't the Pluto, green or bad, Pakistan will ask the answer from them that this is  Yagya is also front, is this also protect, you have so much openness because of that open Pluto, actually the matter is very tight and rate 137000 plus video CID ACP DCP Alsi I don't know everything, so that's it, the world is going crazy, okay, and the floors are also being sold, do you care about anything else, is it useless? So I am saying, is it as great as it is shown or understood, as it seems?  I think it is not that much, on the other hand Delhi agency rates are increasing everywhere. Okay, so we will not discuss the rates, this is the rate, we will discuss more or less, one individual call will be made a lot, but let me tell you what I felt.  I am saying that whenever you drive  You are roaming around and you are getting a feeling of openness, what would normally happen is that if you go to the plotted one of some other developer, then the condition of it gets worse, meaning if you return, you will feel as if you don't know what is the Khad language itself.  This decision will be taken that these people have made it a garden and have made a proper garden and have made 500 rupees, so that feeling is coming from that hard work, then on that, brother will be able to live for 24 years in this year.  Many people here say, take it for Rs. 1.25 lakh, Rs. 1.5 lakh, Rs. 1 lakh 40, make a floor on it, it will cost Rs. 2 crore to build the floor, send Rs. 1 crore, Rs. 2 crore, brother, I am telling you, it is okay to play builder floor games here.  If you want to buy a plot, it will not be built, if you want to buy and live then it is ok, people, there is no problem in that, but this work is not going to be done because as the density will increase here and it will be visible, there will be need for that and parking and that work.  There is no place in the heart, no where it is, which you get very nice labs, premium apartments, luxury apartments, you get basic amenities so that I can do it without my car bumping from front to back, a car with a motorcycle, a basic  There is something else in the stomach that I have eaten and I have to do it in the evening and at night and I can do it, it is a basic necessity of luxury living today. Those who want to live, the rest should have been taken under compulsion. One basic thing in Aries is that a bicycle child goes to donate blood without looking for where he will fall and if someone comes and hits him, then don't just go there. Okay, I am not a flower, I am fire. Okay, so this is not fire, but this saliva, what do I mean?  This is an example, okay this flower is what it is, these flowers will not last, how will they last, this is the topic of much discussion, that one and second and third thing goes here, there is a problem with APL plots too, do the matter world, okay now I will not tell more and the EWS people.  plot  Sometimes they are shown here, only then they are shown there, sometimes they are changed, that makes the matter worse, elder brother, people are fine because it is said that according to the rules, you bring one township, one real comes and you have to give these reviews and then you reduce it.  Yes, it is fine here, then what did you do after that and bought the land, now you have the land and now you said EWS, yes, cancel it, I will convince you because I want to keep the same world, there is a secret that ten percent of the plots are given to me.  If you want to make it then I will declare it normal from here and now I will plant it from here, check it in the lettuce line, it is not happening in the period that you showed the first plan, these are secret reviews and those are strong, no one will tell anyone.  Will not even tell, the hands do not know and half do not want to tell, okay so this and the man gets trapped in it, I am telling a very big thing, so the plot is such a simple matter, no, according to me, it is a winter topic, okay.  And it doesn't come in that much circulation. You guys, on be very careful. Where are you taking it? Which ones are you taking? How are you taking it? Okay, be very careful. And what you see, look at it from the second eye to see that it is yes.  And what will happen, cleanliness and openness is because now four storey houses have been built here and there are their cars, you can see how it will be and whatever the government has not done yet, something else has been done on those diseases, then that when you seeing you  It seems and it seems that it is a 60 meter road, it is an eight meter road on which something is built, when the government will build it, everything will be broken, then finally you will see a normal 19, 20 or 21, that's all.  You will not be able to see more than this and it cannot be gadget because the open car in it is going on a government road, so you bus entry is gated, rest is the road from where anyone is coming and everyone is going.  Free-for-all is a normal sector, normal sector is 2 sectors, if the sector belongs to someone, then you have to bite a lot in it, someone comes, someone goes, okay, so please do all due diligence, I hope you are wise, you understand what to tell to those people who are mommy.  When he thought, please write to me at this time, he wrote this is okay, then the old people who are connected on their subscription, they all understand that it is okay, I do n't think that the bus is for them, the rest of the people are the first of the series.  Watch the previous videos and watch the next ones. Thank you very much.