Hello friends, Marital series Meri Padi had become famous, video was not made for many days, there is a video under the same title, comment on it in the series itself and those who have not seen the marital series, then please watch it because it is an issue in marriage, properly people do not come and say.  Parisu is almost in many messages, okay staff in India and let me tell you the statistics, in big cities 50% of marriages and ending up in divorces are getting slow so that if it breaks then every  The sixth marriage is breaking and at around 20 St. Mary's means four percent more, 15 is getting broken and the rest is traveling, meaning it is inside the court, not broken but can get broken, meaning the matter has reached the court, the remaining 80.  What is there in that, no one is able to do research on what is happening inside the boundary walls, that data is not available, the data is available only when the matter goes outside the house, when one gets the degree of Bigg Boss or there is a dispute in the court. Of  If it is possible, then there are issues in married life. Today I consider Americans to be overweight. I am okay with myself, so I want to tell you something about the bad marriage, my personal experience, which is the prohibition of consultation for so many years. If you are, then I am going to tell you one thing.  If you are watching a video of a person getting married and there is something going on in the marriage, then this video is for you. If you know someone who is going through a marriage, then this can also be forwarded. If you are a woman who is going through a marriage, then this video is for you. Video for you: If your children are going to get married soon, then this video is for you. If you do something to spoil it, infertility is an incurable disease. Subscribe. After that, everything gets fine. You have already got enough marriage dates. Recovering from mother is not possible so that is a 510 percent case solved by development in which it is not so much in India, the fix is ​​fine, we will discuss about it, but you will do the rest with one thing.  The panacea for married life can be fine, that is, a man's woman, I will never speak, but the man has to earn more money, now people will say, what nonsense is he doing, he has a job, he does wings for his wife. Affected Mary and I mean, where does the money come from? Macrame and that Dry Today, if a man invests money in earning more, his wife will start becoming calm and the child will also start losing attention from his parents. NDA is mostly a device, for those who are below 36 years of age, this is  Panacea remedy 36 places and with this you can activate magic figure 36. After activation you start meeting people in small numbers. Ok send a message to 4258 but 7766 if you want then write in the comment section and I will tell you all. So, due to security, ladies and women etc. have given money to women to fix their married life.  It is important to earn for a woman's life, there is a job, there will be 50 different types of blacks in the marriage, who will raise the children, if there are children, then there will be one, there will be two maids, who will take care of the food, how will they go away, but this security man will be reduced, this husband will spend a lot of money on himself.  There is a big fear that the one who will not betray his parents at his sister's wedding will betray his brother, then the husband has to concentrate on earning more money and the wife has to be involved in earning her money.  And in investment and have to give money to wife literally, have to return it, abe in people ceremony attended by happiness is ok hi I am telling people but I don't know where to shop ok yaad special than that one and a half money can not be bought by happiness is telling  That you know where in the toe shop, money can end the troubles. Ending many troubles is in yourself, drinking is simple, okay, money can buy Lord of Peace. Countries Can Return By Money Money has a lot of power, so they respect that when you go towards earning more money and put in the time, do small business, encourage your wife to earn money and try to bring money into the center of the relationship, Khullam.  -If you open up then the relationship will become stable and the insecurity will go away. This is a very deep type of video, I am probably not able to explain it that much because it is explained at the webinar level.  Maybe the topic which I can maybe if you want then I will do a webinar on all these things, but now for marriage, make the public link your own, she talks rudely to my mother, she does not work in the house, this is ours, the things are her own.  This underline while roaming around, when you look at it like it's a post-mortem, then those strings are connected to all the money, with a lot of confidence, you must be seeing my body language, I will tell you the thing with a lot of confidence, just like that.  When I wake up from sleep and am not making a video, I dream and make a video, how does it happen and people say yes, it happens, here I will ask you to agree or disagree with this thing, like I ask some videos that Bigg  Boss is this, I can only ask whether I was able to explain or not, okay, your aggravated in this, I am not even asking, okay, content creators of level of confidence, death, money can solve all people. Money was not from him, even then communication has broken down, husband has no share, Manisha's wife will not see ownership, no fun is seen, so it's done, this was an introductory video, gave a hint about money, the one who is wise will improve tomorrow itself.  You can try, you can try in this day 4393 I will make a difference to you, leave the Pacific and start earning, you will be released only when you are seen coming from somewhere.  End work, work for 15 hours, when the husband works for 15 hours and the wife sees that he is doing it for the family, the wife is not mad, okay, let's do it, she will not, there are different reasons for the trouble. Comment box, okay, have you ever  I saw that when he goes to hunt again, the lion lying at his house will be in trouble, he will go to sleep, Nirakh did something, the lion is out on hunting and every time Ashutosh 's lioness takes the prey and performs her aarti.  You are the one, you don't have any household chores, it's okay now, provide the portion civilly and have the intention to provide loans given time, tension will work even, the result is not there, there are intentions, there are late place cases, whoever earns a little, he also distributes it among his family.  If you go there with a big heart, then you work hard. There is nothing wrong in showing hard work. Let's show some grace even in the office. We are Indians, so we do n't work so hard.  How much do you do this? If you show the actual meaning then you show it to the boss, show it to the wife also, show a little, I am tired of being a jeweller, many other people also do this, I am the father who faces troubles in his married life, people find this soil mechanics and telling, this is big and dry.  According to me, breaking the genuine reason acting can be done for 5 minutes, but even women will not see the result by sharing stupid and exploiting rooms, nor will they get a new mobile phone.  I got a call, one handful of saree is okay, so buy something for your wife every month and ask, will you tell me for a long time or not, because you will get two and a half percent on it and the rate of gold is also very high, so we don't have to pay tax on it, so we are happy.  Had seen the video of this, he knew that if And Boys is not much better then he should go to buy this cloth, one has to pay making charges for it and then there are issues related to child safety of its storage, so that you can wear it in the morning mode.  You can buy one in the name of investment. How was the information video? Tell me, if you are enjoying then tell me. Now if you are enjoying then tell me. Like me, people will come up with more enjoyable things. There was no control on the market, it was all over YouTube. But I am feeling very much that I am able to do anything but I am able to bring this content on a consistent basis, I need a few likes from you people, they will be liked, moral increases when likes are seen.  Percentage of you reviews means if there are 100 viewers and 10 likes and say very good questions ten percent suresh suresh singh this video till now see how many players are there in how many likes share this any of its placement in percentage movement and person please make a Searches Will Increase Tomorrow by 2030 I'll Get Practical Tips for Travel Networks  In the real life like share and will work in real life in 10 minutes watching this video so in your life but value addition is very very confident husband and please spread this awareness please let's spread happiness ok let's try quality of life in a very practical  Where is life is loot, there is airiness and silence in big things and English and big books, all that sounds good to hear which is knowledge in real life.  I do n't work that I am lost I don't believe Etawah to work is fine what I told tell me footwork is fine for 3ds please maintain to-do list comment section and whatsapp is fine that edit time is fine and oil very great soul and  Looking For Words For The Feedback Also Pleased To Provide A Feedback Thank You Very Much