That Hello friends, the next video in the Real Estate Construction Series is to teach a concept to people to make basic phone calls. There is a hiss aspect in the rocket that is used in any real estate which has not been discussed. I want to tell you guys that thing is that  If any place wants to become a blue chip, if any place wants to do big, then due to the reduction of local people there, the example of moving towards positive started many years ago, 15-20 years ago. Now up to this level, he will move further, he understands that when you see a car at some place, Jat boy, good boy to Tak boy, it is okay, I am giving it as a successful policy to degrade a particular caste, IS ALSO BELONG TO ONE OF THE NAMES.  But I want to tell that the people from outside feel intermediate, this is the kind of people who roam around with their local take of local things, when people roam around with arrogance, then there is an outsider.  Intermediate feels, there was a time in the mall of Gurgaon, now in this year, there used to be fights, this one used to clear some roads, someone used to come to meet the police, she used to sit holding her head, she used to live in many villages in the newspaper every third day. People from here, it is okay to post in the comment section, but what happened gradually, what happened there, they were local here, they used to do it slowly in the background, the population kept growing, they relied in law that their people  The one who does not get benefit by working, the one who gets benefit, build 50 rooms inside your village and give them ₹ 5000 and silently collect your rent and shift to the sector, leave your village and there is no use in becoming a hero that you can do outside. People will come and this will make us rich. When these plots inside our fields will become flats and parts, this money will come. It was difficult for many locals to deposit or digest that new money, so it used to come from inside and finally give.  By creating this ruckus of Reliance and by becoming a hero and by fighting and fighting, you get some status, some people's money has ended, okay, that Episode 10 15 Vishal has been blown away, so after it ends, will that vehicle run again in the village or will many people be refined, at least more?  This story is played mute in itself, now in twenty-twenty-five years, if you want to go to Greater Noida side, there is no Play Store, this story is completely prevalent and that is why people feel that Bihar  There are intermediate ones, this is an effect, then judgment unknown judgmental, going downwards that boy or girl, if you are not married, then what do we have to do with living in, who is a lady living alone, who is divorced, who is a gay couple, who is this couple.  Meaning, in these rounds, when a person starts putting less, then there comes Lola Pulse of Actor inflection point because people say, this expectation player has arisen in Mumbai at the right place.  Big Wedding, the history of Mumbai is such a city that it is 90-125 years old. During the British era, settlement had started in 1970. There were companies there and it takes so much time. You cannot ride this time like this for 2030 years.  So nothing is seen happening, when it is seen happening, 1015 appears empty but even those 10-15 years ago, the story of this year needs to be played out and end, only then how does this story come, only then that entry takes place.  It is what it looks like or it is rich, it is sophisticated, it has a class, it is malls, it is bank power, it is status and it is those kind of things in which in the test where only people from that place want to live, we have seen trend towards Greater Noida UP.  If there is, then those people want to go there, no rocket, where people from your Bengal, Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Gujarat want to keep coming. Come on friend, let's take it, here the focus will be less on my surname, where the focus is less on your surname, take this. I  In the related course, I am telling in great detail to the platinum members, if you want to become a platinum member, then please become a related course, there are many more stomach destruction accesses, a lot of facilities, see this, my aim is the video, you can become platinum but this  My aim is to teach people about real estate that when it comes to the left, then that city becomes very big. After Mumbai, if I see any city going in that direction, whatever the impact, then that city is  Gurgaon is not even Bengaluru because there are no North Indians in Bengaluru, there is so much wave effect, there is still South India dominating effect, so I do n't see Bangalore going to that level. Even in Pune, local buses are coming and going, it is a pure one.  True, in the entire country, Mumbai is the only city where it has risen above such things, although politics also takes a bath. Okay, politics is great local and boiling there, but Mumbai.  Hey Grover, it's okay now because there are so many people from outside in Mumbai and there are so many people from all over the country from everywhere that now that thing cannot be forced there and there is infrastructure there too, Mahabir would be fine.  Mumbai gets flooded, local traffic gets submerged, all this kind of calculation happens, so you have to see that this is a big aspect of what I wanted to bring, so you will celebrate this day in your discussions.  When there is less pressure in the cities, when you catch a city like late on me, Mohali, Greater Mohali, more people want to come there, even Delhi, who wants to buy a house in Delhi, wants to sell Delhi and buy it in Delhi or Chennai?  Who wants to come to Delhi, who wants to come to Gurgaon, who wants to go to Greater Noida, who wants to work in your place as professionals or want to do something else, who wants to stay here, if some government people also take posting in these cities.  I am so What are those non-tangible things that are not even discussed? What are the things that he likes to go to Greater Noida? What does he like to come and why is he like to go? Expected To: Whenever you go to any place in any state or in any city, if you assess any city, then you should always keep in mind that whether it is according to the entry there or that of the owner and what is the calculation going on.  have i hope  I was a little successful in explaining. If anyone has any doubts, please write in the comment section. Thank you very much.