Hello friends, I am launching my real estate conceptual series, I have brought topic one of it. In this series, I will clear the basic concept of real estate because there are many misconceptions about these things and that is what I see in social media articles and forwards are printed.  If we come to the media, today's topic will be about the airport because a lot of news is being made about the airport, currently the articles were walls Gurgaon vs Noida jewels and after doing all this the article you  If you see, today I will catch him again, okay, people say that in their sample, Gurgaon's Hindu year is where there is super specialization, mine, people say that Gurgaon airport is backward, okay, this is wrong, none of them board from the airport. Iron Man of Fact is the airport Kansai Airport This is the airport in Palam This is Indira Gandhi Airport This is the runway This is how many years has it been there How many years have you Googled to see it was before independence  If it is an airport, it is Gurgaon, no one asked for it, for fifty-sixty years, this report was always there, so this report was always there, so why was it not run earlier, after 2003 2304, it was stopped that I will keep taking care of the concept from the example in my stories, but the airport.  This note three do it is my tablet, okay you build an airport somewhere, okay it's like the air of the jail is getting hotter, right now building an airport does n't help you, no, brother from the airport.  Sir, these companies will come and join, then it will be like this, their airport is Lal Egg Lal, go to Bikaner airport, the name of that place is National Hui, there is a village, okay in Bikaner, it is not a big airport, there is an airport in food, it is related, it has increased from that. Report in Bathinda too. Do you know that Maharashtra has 40th Got A? When the country will progress, the report will come everywhere. What difference does it make? There was a time when arriving at the railway station at 6 o'clock, the relatedness would increase and there was a train at the railway station. That will stop in time, 60 states will progress, that thing will be understood and eating vegetables will not start happening, just like if we talk about airport, then what is it, people from Hisar will start roaming in the world, Ishara tourism will come here, sorry for the lack.  Will you go to a joint that does such magic there or the story of any city? It takes 30 to 40 days. In Gurgaon, before the profit was made, the infection had already been planted for 22, 23, 24 years. Had reached the point and when the chemical reaction takes place there, all the items are already there but when the activator comes and the temperature comes in the horrific, then the reaction takes place. Now all the credit for it should be given only to the element which  Are rejecting and should not be given to that catalyst and that environment and that temperature, it is okay that water remains water at 99 degrees Celsius, what happens in the show is that it becomes  If it is in the same degree, then these are deep things, these things have reached the airport as a normal thing, it is an illusion, when the airport is built, a plane starts landing automatically, on which some governments have built an airport, at some places, it is very difficult to plant that story.  It takes years to build a terminal in the beginning. Posters are used on works - once you start living there, images of such things do not come anywhere. Make a middle of something anywhere, many such artificial lights of the cities. 70  Playlist of 80 years when Bigg Boss increased the circle rates by someone, of course you bought something there and that airport is an airport, this is your investment in the airport, isn't it, if the planes come up and down every day, then it is not like this, Shamshabad airport, Hyderabad.  The benefits of the report are that you go and check it, what plots were laid there, what story was planted, how far is it from Hyderabad city, that is the classical examples of Navi Mumbai, the coat will come, it will come, 25 people have been hearing it, but it has not come yet because  There is no need for words, if there is a need, then it has come and due to the airport coming to Jewar, a large section of the middle class is going to have their own big money. The low hanging fruit is in very good cities, in the center of any city of India, take it.  Will not to rule you not go wrong Urbanization is increasing Any city of India Any meaning any city That city in the middle of the city I said people of qualities I said come to New Delhi I am not saying Pune Hyderabad and follow but in Jewar  Money  It is better to keep it, take it in Modinagar, take it in Muzaffarpur, take it in Hapur, take it in Meerut, Haryana belongs to Haryana, take it there, okay, take it in Shamli, okay, I am telling you in the middle of the proper city because people will return to you. Given circle rate 17 18 18 out 348 In those YouTube videos, he is being caused near the airport when he shoots YouTube videos, a man's child is not visible, is not visible far and wide and  He will not be seen far and wide, here he will be my set up sid of the entire industrial set up, he will be next in India, only I was not caught at the airport nor was forced from the airport to Hisar to call Jewar Airport in Haryana, Hisar Hisar  This is also nonsense that the youth is good, it is very good for the industry, it is absolutely welcome, but by taking it, thinking about destroying your wealth, just to move Lakshmi forward, how much has someone rated, there is no one to buy quick because everything  The first layer that has been invested is that whoever comes, whose name will be the laborer of the company, your ₹ 100 was to subscribe to this, people made it clear that airports like I have named are going to come from many places and in airport airport  Subscribe to the fans of the Chief Minister of Authority of India, it is not going to do any magic, there will be such an airport in Jaisalmer, we will open the route towards Jaisalmer soon, this does not seem fit, this is the message, I have given the names of some airports.  You can also see it here and in a report that the airport of Gaya is just inside the city and how far it is from Delhi, look at it and you slide so much, you can see what is built here.  But you can operate flights, it is a robbery, it operates from Hindon airport, right, 24 flights to Pithoragarh and you check, many had applied for making Indian their base and Hindon, which is inside Ghaziabad, there is a previous report from there also.  can update fat  If you are, then what big thing has happened in your life when you could dance inside Hindon, go away and comment, if I am an operator, I am a peeping airline, I am my Indian, I will pick me up, Indira Gandhi's speech is happening at Indira Gandhi Airport.  The fourth runway is going to be ready and the utilization print, you can see how much it was before, what is the percentage now and now the fourth runway will be in three colors, then the capacity will be reduced by thirty percent and even now  If by hundred percent it is at 6065 70 cents then till 2035 40 then the same friend who does not have security is also yours, then in Hisar also the story is being told, the story of Firoz Bar is being told, so stories are told 20% in this  Karna Arjun comes in a year and it remains to be seen how many years will it take for these troubles, after that he will come again and then he will beat Amrish Puri. How much time will it take till Amrish Puri gets beaten, in the movie it is less, in real life it takes 2 hours to get decorated, so understand this basic thing, the concept, you have put money there in your party, do it at this point. If you pour cold water on a hot pan, you will roll me. On this occasion, you write in the comment section that what I am saying is there is no strength in it. You do it with logic, I feel that it is better not to do it.  because our  Nothing happens just by looking. Thank you hey.