Hello friends, I have brought a new thing in the Real Estate Concept Series so that it becomes easier for people to understand things at the Kalash level. It is considered a normal thing that there will be industrialization, if industries will come and factories will come, then real estate will do very well. It is generally said.  Maruti's plant has gone to gold. Okay, Jewar airport will come near Jewar. Examples are given. This is a misconception. Yes, this is wrong. The speed of real estate is not measured by it. This thing of explain is wrong, how is it, let me tell you, Faridabad was always the story of industry leg, has always been a laggard, you check the word laggard in English, what is it, we are laggard even today, Ghaziabad cutlet of C is big, you are not able to become that Ulster. Understanding Panipat Question Patak Industry is very slow and quiet. Listen to Reliance's explanation of the growth of the city. We have to go to those cities where this time love is not so long but  15-20 years get compressed and it becomes 45 years if you invest in Rs 228, then due to industry, worker level people come here, worker level people come here, the pending power is not that much, so you have these big level flats there. Big Plants Week That Eco System Pending Par cannot be created, it remains at a very low level, so this is if you are a person of that level 30,000  30,000 30,000 40 job and he can get these kind of properties so this 10,000 town hall is pure go but if you are a lister you are seeing like in movies also big stop cast and then small star then refill it big  Budget Movies: The one in the middle is the one at the bottom, so you have to choose it accordingly and people from the industry have given a lot of examples. Maruti cars are fine or those of Maruti.  The story of Gurgaon came to Gurgaon, it was stronger than Maruti and wrong. Maruti was the place of worship of Sanjay Gandhiji. He left it in 1992 and it became deserted. Before that, this project was inhabited by him, so this project of 9192 is nothing in Gurgaon. Same as 8425 SP City. Everyone knows that nothing happened even till 20123. Plot work was done in Hisar as much as in Rohtak and in Gurgaon.  500 was more than 600 to 700 rupees, the only difference was that whoever has done the monitoring, you can put it in the comment section, then nothing like this has happened, who would have done it, that you are in some TCS building, in one building there is a 30 floor building, 3000  Employees work Everest 175 ₹ 2 This boy-girl story increases, launches rockets, then drinks it and then BPO and then that green story, that Story Never Story  2000 workers will also be working in the factory, look at their spending time, how much salary will they get, how much more will they eat, today a new rule has been passed, you check it was during Djokovic's time that arm hole how to make cent percent from the company. Pimple in the factory area so that if you are forced to go left or right, then if the permission is not given, if all these rules are passed in the state government center, then this will be the eco system that will be there for the company.  There will be some benefit of poetry for the villagers and the festival, there is no doubt about it, there will definitely be some benefit, but it will become a big real estate story and all that will increase, that is not going to happen, then if Maruti in Sonipat Kharkhoda  It is going as if they are not going to build it in 961 in the first day and if they build their own then they will have their own eco system there too, there will be a lot of spillover practice from it to the villagers but going there does not mean that there  But it means that you will get land worth Rs 5 lakh and you don't know what will happen suddenly because you have to do the reverse calculation, how many employees will be there, how much spending power is there, where will they be kept, then only that much will be acquired, so as if it increases with these people.  According to what real estate increases, what is Loot, what are the other big effects, I will gradually clear them in this conceptual series, but whatever I say, this is a focusing election, this is just something too.  It appears that this will increase the weight of the person on whom we give the question net credit that now this factory will come and this factory will be set up because in this factory also you have to understand that those who are on the table do not live there but stay in that area.  People like to stay in the lower level employees of their company, this is human normal psychology, I have tested this in many classes and should not tell why this happens, why it does not happen, then if at this level  Those who work in the factory are the officers of the company, they are the people who are staying away from it, they would like to stay away from it, and the people like this have a lot of health and they have less I and they have more money and they also have to come and go.  So be prepared to travel 20 30 40 50 kms. The drivers of the vehicles are young enough to drive them. So see that you can also stay in the hostel and guest house. If you have to stay on the company's land or will stay in that system separately, then suddenly someone  If you go to the area where the companies like Baddi once came or your Uttarakhand side now, there are different bells in that area also, in a place like Rudrapur, even half the companies have appointed subscribed professors, there will be a rise in real estate because the companies which are land row.  She uses it as a material and does not sell it to them by cutting a plot there. So she wants land wherever she can. In Gujarat, if you have many companies in Kutch area, they have solar plants, they have windmills, then their relation will increase easily because. Only the company will go there, your Kandla port is there in Gujarat, and how much infrastructure i.e. port is there, this journey, people do not like to go and stay because ultimately the activities that are taking place have social infrastructure, there is a history in the place where people stay for a long time. Those kind of decisions are not taken in teaspoon, people go there and work and there is a system which does that kind of work. It looks a bit good but real estate is not growing outside, so if you go to Godan there.  If you buy then it will increase then the real estate is looted a lot that the Godan can increase, the festival things of your storage like this can increase, it can increase many times but it does not cause pimples because I do not want to live in the residence, so without you this and this list in  Large sleep series come meaning registration relation flying officer invest you must not beat the beat time scientific will do even better for a common man then if there is something in Kharkhoda side of Sonipat  The local population living there is that the village sarpanch subscribes to the average that the rent for 10 rooms here will be local, he says that they will not give you potatoes so quickly, it will be 50 there and it will be difficult for you to get the rent. Or if it becomes difficult to go then local, this is 10 minutes different, that is 21 differences from nobody, at the level where you are thinking about blue chip, I will just take it and it will increase, this does not happen.  Want to tell this Video I am subscribing, I am coming, if you are confused then please write it in the comment section. I will continue this series further. How did you like it? Please write it in the comment section. Thank you.