Hello friends, what is the primary market in real estate, what is the secondary market and what happens in the secondary market and how this knowledge can help you in taking decisions or there is a lot of confusion in the customer's mind now because after the character rate increased quantity single.  Someone is telling all the devotees this way, someone is telling this, someone is thinking this way, my work is S India Number One Clarity Varna Real State is this  Tomorrow's torch and give total holistic clarity so that there is no fear of scolding. Tell whoever is thinking that this is the complete template. If you think in this way then let's start. This is the primary market. From builder to director allotment came from builder to builder.  The company has made a project and its direct allotment, primary market and secondary market are of two types, which are the sale of old ten-fifteen-twenty 30 years, five years and six years old properties and  You will buy from Agra and its all Paris L Resale of this under construction thing only then it is 10 15 20 cents, the other one is more of a family market, now you are also a fraud, the dilemma is that these fixing scams are these fitting signals or primary  Market runner up and sleeping Jatt disappointed with the secondary market, if you sit in the past then tell me brothers and sisters, are its rates increasing to you which you are seeing in the old  Sit down, the laddus which were distributed somewhere are bigger than the ones which were distributed or were left far below, maybe 45 cents are bigger and maybe if you did not know how to buy the crisps then maybe you would start coming. There is so much difference but the rocket which you have seen anywhere inside the primary market.  The discussion is on whether that rocket is justified, illegitimate, okay, sustainable, what you have to do, what is the best course of action for you, then as the video goes on, I will explain it to you in a class.  Like, understand with patience because when we make these misconceptions of ours, the conflicting thing comes in the newspaper only, someone made a YouTube video, somewhere a relative told you something, somewhere the whole time man is getting inches and means, this is what I am saying, I too I am doing the same and I will take you through all these things while doing it here and will give you a total guarantee, then we two will be number one related, there is no one else who talks like this on the day when the other one will be there.  will go  But I will stop putting myself first. The first one is a. Please tell you guys, romance lasts in my eyes, in the comment section, you can see the arrogance or you see the clarity in the eyes, like in my church, it is not the spectacles of the eyes, but the sight.  These glasses are also completely clear. Okay, so these glasses are okay to protect from torch light. Mobile and laptop and its weak eyesight is not okay. The things that are coming in the primary market are old products.  Advanced product time, it is a good program of renewable energy, it is mandated by the government, it is not that the builder is doing a favor, Bittu rule regulation is latest, you can have recycling plants everywhere, solar energy will be installed above, all the lips are there, their quality is high speed lips, every  This has already been judged and correction is being made in high rises in education as well, so all this is new, its minute is very high cost from the country.  That in this building of yours, last date plus any low price, last date school scooty is made skillfully, it is made well but there are issues in the rise itself, vacation road, city, fastest, life mystery 2538, here it reaches the man only after 20 years.  Have taken this, its heat used to work, so now that it is a new product, then the pricing of it is such that many people are doing this thinking that we are talking as if brother, the rates have increased so much because of this thing.  This is so justified. We have to look at it in another way that as much as we are getting, this is also justified. This is Kaali Peeli taxi bandi. We will discuss about its huge increase, but we have to justify it for the example of when the stolen vehicles came with parts.  It was and transition was going on and people enjoyed the power steering this time. Whoever drove the train near him, even the normal non-partisan Alto was not in mode, it seemed as if he was driving a truck.  Because one sheet use two and Vinod new technology, once what he used to say was that digital cameras gradually went from one megapixel to two mega pixels, then this was incomplete, it was a product, it was going on, it was going on, one day such a technology  It went so far and that one, this one is over and that is not changed and it is over, one should not change the job, Android phone and told all this that ours is good, which used to sell so many fans, it will definitely be reduced and the change is over, the pride is over.  Whether the used local gets changed or hybrid vehicles start coming, electric vehicles have started coming and if you do it in any vehicle, I will make petrol only, I will make diesel only, I will not change at all, I will not make even a single change, if I never do it, then it will be finished.  Whenever technology gets hidden in any market, it is fine in any market, from LCD to LED, whatever technology is coming, mobile technology is coming, similarly, construction is coming in a bell state, then the values ​​of old things go up.  They are always decreasing. Would like to buy Hallmarked jewellery? A non-hallmarked piece of jewelery is not made because no one buys it because it is made when a person goes on a cycle, there is no product life cycle, why is that product not made because there is no buyer for it, no one buys it?  Why not, because it is not made, that is, it goes into the system, then the number of old things gets reduced to a very low level, what do you have to do, still the question paper is not so much out, there are so many question papers, even now, no. Know my 151 year visa for people is still very early days there will come a day when Indians understand something then suddenly many people understand quickly, first it is being explained, it is being told  It is being told that 6 names of vehicles were to be taken from India. The government was telling for a long time that Jairam was sitting in the car. Slowly people were understanding that then the data will go viral from 2020. Gadkari ji has come, there is knowledge to be had from July 2019, people stopped buying cars, there was an outcry, the car makers started sharing them without even interviewing the fans till the semester, without any request to the fans, push it further, you had won the date.  Now it will not progress further, there was support from India, what is Bharat Stage-4, you know the messages of 6 below, not sure how many specifications it has, people know it is something  To win in general and pollution and something like 'mota hota hai' exact, no one knows but they used to say that brother, this new thing is coming, we will nominate the old car, what happened in nominating is Pimple Justin bhai that he has given personnel and  The generators were dropped and the opposition was sitting in such a manner that they are dropped in December. Well, a lot of wickets were dropped, after that there used to be a Pappu car, Matiz and serials, you guys did n't know.  Drive Martyrs, these people used to belong to Dev Motors, when that company was closed, even the new Matis were priced at Rs. 2.25 lakhs, the remaining ones were controlled and that too means people are thinking of buying it, that is, how many Matis have you driven, tell me the old time car myteam11  The lead is fine and after selecting it also relaxed, now after doing that, find both of them, it just happens when something changes technology goes, so in that I am the car of duty, there is no need of service.  By the way, other Egyptians keep this tree which they had left behind, but many people and their car which was worth Rs. 1 lakh and have suppressed a little more, then if you are sitting with the old flat and it is not in a great location, then it is great. Definition of location: You know that she can come back to that city at grade location, so hold on to the flat old one, there is no problem, I would even suggest that the six men are also torn jeans at grade location.  You can take the old non Madhavan's non veg construction project, it is much better than taking a new project, I am talking about Lal Inch, which is your AC blogger, it is better than that loot, so it is worth it, then whatever system of cement it looks like.  This is fine but you need to sell it. This beach is definitely not red inches. Wait. Now people say that the pounds are tested for drinking and drinking. When do you get one whose weight is equal to 6 inches? If you want, then it is worth the loot of 18 rupees.  Makes it 50%, we will discuss on that in this video, I will tell you what is tasty in migraine, how do I take load from the wall, what are the benefits, okay people can't go there in life but can write in the comment section. That you try to remove all these from the machine the whole day, it's okay, the old location is also useless or if it ever becomes so great, then get out, I am not going to get anything out of it even today, there is no one ready to move in.  Of  Deewana will buy it after 2 years and then the time will come and see, all this which I am telling in the syllabus will be made, meaning it will be clear that when you see what is being made by Madhavan, then you get a feeling of smoothness in watching it. Look at the Dwarka Expressway that is being built and see that it is being built for the good builders of the builders. Look at them. If it is good then it is fine. If the old flight is bad then the location should be the heavenly good location. You will be drinking the late and great location in the middle. I don't know the name of the societies, I will tell you platinum. You can never get platinum membership within the sector. You can subscribe to such old places that other people want to sell. Haridwar, there is a line with MP3. Now let me tell you one latest good thing. It is fine, there is a government house.  That bikini was made for poor people because by not qualifying it, you are entitled to mafia in that definition, you guys tell me I am feeling like Ikea.  A very big one will definitely go to the tableau. Okay, it is opposite to it. It is 10 11 equal, so in that, they will leave towers in one acre. In 10 shrinks, they will demolish all the buildings. I am telling you that in the vision, they will demolish all the buildings and there it will be sold for auction and then there.  If that doesn't happen then what can we learn from it? The government is doing this. I am giving you the knowledge. If the government is doing the knowledge that I am giving to you, then you should also do it.  Now wake up, find such a society which is in the prime land in two-three-three records, where the chips in the flats have been sold, the rest of the work is being done like this, all these things are being looted, you people go here.  By going here you people, you go here and get roasted, by going here you create value for roaming, now this wound will be finished, now this person who is buying the first property in his life, do not rotate in these cycles that I know do.  me too in this  50 messages and messages will come, tell me quickly, I have to buy the first property, this is a different matter because it may take 5-10 years to break even, but if you mean such societies, then the people of such societies can meet me and take consultation. What validation can you have if you sell the flight light, maybe you will get the number of areas, but your share of the one sitting on the earth is worth two and a quarter to two and a half crores, this too in a week and this is the arbitrage. This is called opportunity. Call it a distress. Arbitrage opportunity. You have to keep listening to the video where you will get a brilliant idea, because sometimes it does not mix, this is fine, this is all fine, that is all fine, I am the ad teacher who will explain what are the possibilities.  I am telling you that the validation of the primary market is absolutely fine, the secondary market is less, you are understanding it is not.  Fake primary and upper primary subscribe market from get secondary market. People have left it completely. The inventory is at 60 to 70 cents. Location is such that you should not be even looking. It is like this, it is not made far away.  It is Noida, there is no advantage of its location, no advantage of brand, no advantage of side, if there is any advantage then leave the concentrate, if you don't want to buy complete, don't want to buy ready to movie, I have a Then how can people buy it? Brother, I want such a big size that I am not buying potatoes and onions. I need to buy big cheeses on rent in the bigger side. Buy whatever is available where the money is big. This is the best message to all of you, where the money is big, JP Joshi and Ghoomar. Yes, 7075 years old, someone else wants to live on his own, he can destroy it all, but if you are 30 years old, 40 that your  I am a child, I am your child, he should send a message, the disease in the elder is getting 4 BHK vermillion, it is spilled, it is for ₹ 3000 and its own thing, those people, where your one and a half share is from three to four, there are many such places worth 90 lakh crores, tell me this video.  I should have given it but I did not do it earlier, so I am fine to the people, till now whoever is watching and understanding will take advantage of it, if you want to take it in an old society then in such societies the density of land is less and you get more land.  Is that the illegal land will come in more then when it will be brought under control tomorrow then it will be a very good deal. Status of society. These got me named and I will check the audience. If it is good then you will get the free link of Sunday Webinar. Excited, it was in the news just now, Mumbai is fine.  Asha Bhosle ji is in it and now Lata Mangeshkar ji also has a flight. It is okay and it was made wrong. It is okay to make 10 floors extra in it. It is okay by cheating and lying and it is not a Campa Cola society.  It is also not ideal for both the common people. If these two are not okay then I will tell you first. Okay, then you people of that society are breaking everything and taking it to the builder so that they can negotiate with the builder and press for their  The valuation is big and the best because at that time when it was built, the taste was very less. The plot is of 123 acres. The adapter is negotiating on that size in this letter. They are asking for 3335 fits or 335 then.  Before this in Mumbai, body first is called serial, it is okay, so all these things happen, if you have to do it, it is okay, if you have to work hard, it is sure that it will come out so easily, you will have to put in hard work, you will have to see, but if you yourself are sitting in such a society, then this light is there. And the buyers are old, you will have two rights here, that bicycle should be a big pot for you and let me tell you one more thing, if all the RWA people, the one who bought the plot flat two days ago will not be able to break it, but history is possible if you all together.  Do not rebuild the society by breaking it.  Even if it is at a cigarette location, your not only flat will be of very good quality, it will be bigger, you will get more money and your life will move ahead. By the way, you will be able to sell laptop and live on rent for 45 years even if on rent, diseases and these four or five.  Not a small society, the soil of CGHS coming to Jaipur will be available in 3 years, there is no work like that of 1561, it is okay that I don't know when a small society will be built in a year in a person of two acres.  If she dies, then you can declare that it is okay with good builders and what will happen to you, there will be entertainment in life in the sense that you will get to earn money while sitting, so if you are like in 2016 then brother, two-three years.  A good thing will be made in me, you all come together and do it right now, right now Dhvani, although her life was a year old and she could have been a 15 year old girl, but it has been 20-25 years and if you are sitting in a prime location, then do it.  Take the video of his programme, how did you like it, tell me how many percentage of people, if they say yes then the society can break. Move, you saw in this that the builder has come, show that movie in Hindi movie and is doing the operation and she is the mother of a heroine.  She is not going because what is her heroine, who is not her father, her memories are there, the colony is there, before the pro hero comes and fights there, look at your face, the device above is doing it, you are being pressurized, say yes, stop it, oh no, we are not, we have respect, we have We don't need money, just watch this life expectancy movie, you guys did it a long time ago, okay, so now you will definitely go there and I don't think they are so stupid, people understand themselves mathematics in everything, okay, so if this one  But if you want only Amla, like I have given X+Y+Job Lag Jaye Kulputrika, then is there any formula where we can decide whether the valuations are low or high and how much should they be?  We need such a formula so that when we set up a contract with the builder, the best negotiation can be done together, then in such a condition, I am a consultant, available at a cost, can call, if the builder calls, then he goes and sits on the side of the builder and if the RW people  If you call, then you will fold on the side of the seeker, he is a professional, if he fights the case on your behalf, then the maximum benefit possible will be explained within a week and if you do it on his behalf, then what is normal, which is good.  Consultation is a consultant, I do not do it on anyone's behalf, I bring it to the mid point only then the matter is resolved. If you are sucking someone else's party, then you are not a fool either, okay, so my name is this concept of these things through these videos.  To make you people aware that this is a thing because now it is important why it is not blocked? What a lot of talk about the house and how much of the house. Hey brother, there is 1.5 crores in this in total, the debt is one crore is your son.  Or daughter, in how many years will we earn and how much will we save? You are the one who is not earning. Today, the old man sitting in a property worth Rs. 1.5 crores, he has no milk in his life, he has no time, his salary was very low, he had retired 10 years ago. He might have earned such a profit by getting everything, this 70 lakhs is the time value for money, so I am not fooling him, 20 lakh minutes of some time, I am also 2 crores today.  But I am telling you that it is not so soon that it should not be discussed, the people who sit and discuss politics every day, come to the park of their society and discuss, brother, how would it be if we program this thing.  That there is a discussion, tell me, share this video that this one is at this time, I say that if but this one is famous, share this one, tell people, let them know that yes friend, our society is old and this lift lift, don't know which one, closes like this. Where they did not come through the net, there were such and such ones too, there are many such ones too, so now how much did they live in them, how much good will you do tomorrow, the capacity of the swimming pool is not just a stay, in the test, if those children had gone somewhere, it would have seemed like garden food.  Can't children, the car will hit me, can I sign in, release has to be done, there is no basement parking, there are heavy vehicles parked there and in this way, the people of Stan have filled their danger, those vehicles pass through the turtle and then go to the list from somewhere by pressing the button.  walk up  Yes, brother, these days it is a good program, isn't it? Architecture is good, people themselves are builders, there is no need to bring anyone from the dynasty, they can earn more money in that, I have given you more ideas, do you need a good contractor? Hair Shapoorji is the preferred setting land for Jains.  Your builder Shakur ji needs a builder, you need a number one contractor, you have to decide the way, now tell me, a good shot will increase your profit, he will tell you the cost of making his own, you will get the lets, every person will get a plant for that light.  You have to keep the turn yourself, you have to sell it as per your choice, the ownership will be decided accordingly, you can also do this, become everyone yourself and stand by yourself, everyone's time has passed, I, all the sixties people, all stand next to me with their rents.  But take whatever society is nearby, take it on rent, monitor the road construction, make its videos, keep a good name for the society, do branding, I will help you in the rest or I will complete it, brother, it is being built here, the density of the rooms is so much.  The size is like this and it will be made like this and for the first time people are making you, there is no marketing budget, no sales budget, no employee has made him to keep his Shayari flat, a flat in his share, buy one, get one free, he has become free in the free one.  Keep them or we will sell them and they will click at a rate lower than the market rate because your overhead will have to be tightened, there will be no other hidden costs, neither hire employees, nor nice branding, obscene, no customer care, no frills, resident comfort.  It has been made, it has been made, he is going to make it, you have to tell him that you can take out the Play Store, nothing has gone out of your pocket, this is the idea that has come, tell me, first of all, how is the paper left, there will be some more people among you, some will be chartered accountants, some will be  Builders will be small business makers, Post Office knows everything, you will find everything in every society, from doctors to IAS officers to all kinds of people, Ratan knows everything that I have done, my job is to give ideas.  Now how can this be made a flower group? Discuss over tea, don't you sit in the evening by force, talk about religion, talk about politics, brother, this is what is going to happen, this is what will happen to the country, oh father, do good to your society, do good for yourself, you cannot do good for yourself, in the knowledge of the world, urine and Russia. What do you have to do with getting all the dollars from here to there, it's okay brother, make it yours, no friend, a flat owner gets a profit of Rs. 2 crore from the hard work of the entire society in two years. If one crore of Rs. 11 crore is said then it is 60 lakh per month.  Approximately how much salary do your children work for? Tell me, can you do this? How many people would like to do this? Write the name of this society in the comment section or you can also connect through WhatsApp. The location should be good. Do not get it done on the Manesar side location. Perfect location.  I need 43 sectors, 43 sectors, different three kilometers, what is this city center and all that was built, Milan bin two three kilometers object, it will work very well, there will be great benefits and tell me the rate, I have  Please tell the committee, send it to many districts to get benefits, I know and I mostly did, that's why there are more programs than this, there are many more programs than this, yes, when I returned home, I don't know how many people, so please share, like, keep my ghagra in the comment section.  This is a channel that can improve your life and show you the things that can be done. Make yourself so high that the person taking it can lift a stone. It is not like there is a hole in the sky. It feels good to hear this. It is very good.  It seems like a great motivation, we will throw stones, there is a hole in the sky, throw us with your strength, I ask you to do these things, thank you.