That Hello friends, Welcome to Money Mindset Series Video Number 7, today our topic is Real State of Mind and Real Estate Investing. If you have gone to Railway Station Ram from 2009 to 2015, if you are in property in Hansi, then travel from there.  If you are there then you will definitely watch this video, it will help you a bit and if you are someone who is looking for a property and who has never bought a property before then this video will be of use to those people too.  During the financial crisis of 2008-2009, investment in real estate had become the trend of many people and then IS came into relation with the left, there was a lot of corruption in that time line and whatever the circumstances were such that that was the model. He was not supposed to work out, so if you guys are stuck at that time, but I know that many people are in my touch, then please forgive yourself.  Mistakes happen, the system itself was bad, the government is still recovering from that situation. Even today, consider it as tuition fee and move ahead in your life. Many people have not paid tuition fees in their life. How come they have not paid since childhood?  Many people studied in schools, many people went to such institutions, then they did not have to pay money and many people made such decisions and got jobs very quickly, so it cannot be that in life you will not get money anywhere, you will have fun everywhere. Many  Once you think about this, you have studied only for 20-25 lakhs, move forward in life because if you stay till that place in life, the pain will increase but will not be reduced and the main course in this is the wife, everyone has to speak for this, show the video to your wife also that please  Husband, stop scolding her for this thing because your husband is the one who is stuck alone, the world is stuck, thousands and thousands of people are stuck, especially the government, it is too much. Jyoti Sethi, we do this because it was a big city and property was running very fast, so at that time, people were forced to buy property, otherwise I don't know, the prices were increasing hourly, so at that time, people started buying builders in such places.  People got trapped with this chakli, our quantity was very less, he had taken 10, 15, 20 crores of his own, he used to sleep on loans of 500 crores, there were high trees, he used to transfer money from one project to another and then those things Vicky  No, that party music became top and people got stuck. There was no government on this basis. After seeing the pain, people took out a rally. There are too many securities in the line, but I will do a separate video. This video is a mind-set series, so in this.  I will only talk about a set of reminders because I have to discuss the issue of real estate separately and I will talk about it separately and I believe that due to the mistakes made in decision making at that time, I may have to  There is not much learning to be seen, till yesterday people who speak out of their mouth say, ' Yes, the project in Greater Noida is stuck, it is JP Green, it is stuck, it is a name because of stuck, so there is 'mine' in it. Ask them how many facts are there in your project.  Do n't know, ask how many flights are there in each house, don't know, it's been 10-12 years, will invest, click on next, no idea, super area, carpet area, exactly, there is no study on it, so till date  If it is not your idea, then how do you enter into it? Basically, I am a little surprised at the people that what is the fee of ₹ 5000 in a mutual fund, then they will pay 2.25 percent of the money to the fund manager. I have also done a video on mutual funds.  If you look directly, you will also see that if you pay one crore commission, then every year you give two and a half lakh rupees to the fund manager and the fund manager is just investing in you and is not changing it again and again. You will give money for the change but you will keep the money intact, even if the money gets exhausted, you will ride it dry and two and a quarter questions that I am giving you, obesity, not ready to go to the consultant, you will go to the broker to buy the property, then you will have to go for that.  If you want to sell yours, that is fine, but a person who can teach you, explain to you, tell you about your conversion, unfortunately in India, such people have money, how do they have friends in daily life, please tell me this quickly, I only feel like a lawyer and a doctor.  Even if the doctor is telling us something to give us money in India, if the man at home is fine and prescribes three medicines, because if he was charging Rs 300 or Rs 500, then people would have liked it and are ready to pay him.  Okay, he says, okay, it is ready, a new segment has been started under Gaur in his real estate, so you should connect him with such people, you will never get your collection otherwise you will get stuck like this every time, okay so this.  after telling  Now I will take about the landscape that is coming ahead, those who want to take the clothes and I will also tell the old people who are stuck in the place, do not do this for the sake of the lover who happened to me, here that now  It is not necessary to fall in love again, type C things will be fine and population is increasing in Odisha, so this point is very important, now many children will come to cities due to urbanization in India, the top 2015 city is in that only.  They will come to grab jobs and these children cannot buy houses, they will live on rent but they need a house to live on rent and the builder himself will become only when he buys the house, then there is a demand for cars but the one who lives on rent cannot buy.  So if you have to buy from someone, then I will move ahead in this. You people have to be clear that there are only two types of property, one which you have to use yourself and the other which you have to buy by investing, its quality should be hundred percent for you.  market I use all the knowledge in this, I will tell you a little bit in the disclaimer that basically I am a stock market person, I have invested half my brain in the stock market, I have studied and written, I am an alum and have some minor certifications, but the knowledge I have about it is  By using it in real estate, pilot and beautifully, the thing I want to use in it is to give you complete clarity before entering, there are only two types of properties, one is where you want to live and the other is for a job.  If you want to buy for investment, then if you do not have any guarantee in these properties, then you are like the share market that if you buy shares for the sake of rating, then you start incurring losses, then you become an inverter law minister, then those people should not do it like this.  Whatever property you buy in the state, you should first have clarity that I am taking this for investment. Investment also has two plates, one is its operation, the other is character lead and rental yield. I have made a video earlier also.  I will share its link and you will also watch it. Is the show about positive properties and rental yield? I have a very good video and you will watch it, so in this, if you first chose to take mine for yourself, then the biggest climb to take it is  It is important to take the property for living not only 5 years before retirement, but before that, it is not as if retirement is mine this year and I am living here to live in the property, so people say no, I have to buy it, so I said that.  You will come and stay after 15-16 years. By that time you will be two years old. At that time, it is said that the rate will increase, so I have decided to stay in the property. Think about it, it's something like your daughter is four years old, I will give you that.  Instead of thinking that when he gets married at the age of 24, I will have to buy it, I tell you, I will start buying it from today itself, so that by the time he gets married, his patterns and designs will be updated. Then how many daughters does that person have? The person who gets it then changes the copy and every time their making charges are made. They don't feel pain. Who has bought it when, then you fold only the gold ETF to hit you. Take the sovereign bond.  You have taken the bond, basically you are within that asset class, the rate is increasing but it is protective because you have also taken it, then finally when it comes to inquiry, then this thing is sent, you have taken this.  The latest designer sandals are gents, according to the children, according to the taste, according to the Muslims, in the same way, you should invest in the property. When you invest in the property, small properties, I have already made them in the video in one of my articles.  I have written a research in which there are 21 particles now, I touched on all the small things in it, it is a cold page, so many people have read it, if you are watching the video then you can read it in my  Contact me, I will share it with you, you can contact on WhatsApp, it is in pdf form and all these things are mine and theirs, examples have been given in it, if you tell five data, it is very interesting, it can be read anytime on the wicket. Your conviction knowledge level will automatically increase after reading the entire day, so let me tell you what is happening these days in a house with such property and an investment house.  There is decision paralysis, people have become so nervous that if there is a person whose close relative is trapped in the property, then what happens in it, when the property is seen completely, it is understood, then at the last moment, when the turn comes to buy it, the wife  She hits the dialogue 'Yes, it's all fine, look at the butt, that button of the wife's, it distracts the man, the husband gets distracted, that is why the husband has already turned 65, now what has that poor tobo done? He is drowned not only by himself, but by the heaps of the world at that time, but now he always remembers the consultant from whom he is taking it, it will be fine, that is, this money will increase, it will definitely be better in life.  See, there is only one thing guaranteed in life and there is no other thing that one day we all will leave this world. Any other tax will cut it and increase it - whatever it does only changes the tax.  What is not only guaranteed is that we guarantee the world Whenever you cross the road, the statistical probability of waking up in the morning is not hundred percent, it is safe. Ali is not that works at all. Those who are not there at the time of sleeping at night, then in everything they think that everything will be fine, that too is not a thing from anyone else, when they feel afraid of the answer.  There is no charity, those who pray at night, go to some place and go in the dark, want a child, if you want, then if you are not able to see, then there is the element of tomato and if there is no fear, then there is the condition, the fix for that is carotene, whereas during the day, you absolutely need it.  If it seems clear then you can see then she can definitely come into your life after switching off the torch to show you but she could not become your Sanjay. So find Sanjay Dutt in Taurus sign that I am Dhritarashtra and you are mine.  Become Sanjay, you tell me everything and then if something else goes wrong then I will walk on you and what do you say if there is no problem then my intensity was the first thing of my destiny so you have to release it at night, understand, builder, whatever.  This thief is tight, all of them have gone to the districts, they have disappeared from the landscape, the South Indian list players have come to the North Indian market like Godrej Shapoorji Shobha, all these are listed Mar Ki Winters.  Why was this created and these two cups have arrived, so now it is like it will be the hallmark jewelery of Punish, so it means it is a completely branded foot and I say again and again, expensive cried once and became cheap again and again, you and I are from Gurgaon.  I will tell you an example, I will tell you the information about Dwarka Expressway, but after November-December 2018, no new product has been launched on Dwarka Expressway. Many people are saying that it has been almost 2 years.  The last Japuji has come, it was launched in Sector-10, by doing the same pre-press, the new winter has not arrived, the inventory is going slowly, Dwarka Express Female Actress, I will do a series in this box, previous, someone wants to leave someone, someone someone  Now he asked me that he can contact me but if you have to take it for living then I think it is fine, he has taken it for at least 5 to 6 years, it should be retirement friend.  If it is for 10 to 12 years, then don't invest in these projects, take it up later and get increased ray tub. I have written an article by dividing the four into one. It is from the same article series. You saw this function that how you have to inch it. You can subscribe to research from the article and connect with it and the second thing he will say is that the conversation between wife and husband in real estate is that you ask my uncle from me because it is normal that I saw that the wife  They are relatives from the husband's side, they are genetically intelligent, they are from the husband's relatives, if the husband has done something wrong, it is one thing, if it happens in his family, then he would say, you leave it, so why is the husband in this matter?  They remain very confused and the one who comes back is not able to get the medicine along with her, just like the ladies are not able to take sarees, 960 has been removed and it is being shown that  There is so much confusion about the projects that the better one is better, there may be something in the location, if the location is good then it is very good for the appointment, this one is good but it looks expensive, there are so many parameters, I will make different videos in between, in making this video.  It will be very long but I am talking only about the mark sheet because the videos I will make for Miles - 60 will not be in English and will be in this test series, so this channel is definitely going to be a very interesting time in the future. You  I would request everyone that you are watching, have not subscribed, please subscribe, the file is there, press the notification item so that whenever there is a new video, you can watch it because I am telling everyone, Gautam, even if you do not want to take it related, no today, no, I will take it after 2 years.  If yes then you have to be indulged these are some methods of conviction or else you will suddenly go to see related Previous You know what is happening so whenever you need professional Now look at it like window shopping, don't look at it like someone is trying to solve something for you, it's a matter of awareness that a project has come, this is the rate, it is at this place, what is the date of this builder, he has to give it to the city. According to the date, put a folder in the laptop and put it, after that one and a half, 2, 3, 4 lakhs and do it, now you are getting the project, you will know how much is the premium, why are people angry in the same way, where are your existing properties? I had made a very good video in the second one, Y2 Military Role Properties, so you must watch that video too. If you have not seen it, I will tell you a little in it, which is a complete video in itself, that you can protect your property for every 3 months.  While taking out the book, find out the rate, you will start knowing the train. Cold, you will release that maybe I had set the rate of my property worth Rs 1.5 crore, I would never change it even to 1.2. Vaishnav, this can happen, I am not scaring you, I am fine.  It is possible that how will they discover, they will do it only when you take it out to grind, this is all the mind-set that my property worth Rs 10 lakh will be worth Rs 50 per acre, I bought it in Dwarka and for some reason in Gurgaon it is in a society.  I told you that mine is already torn, so it is just sea, mine will not start getting aroused, watch that video of mine, you will have clarity as to why this will happen, in this I am here to save wealth, distraction and will.  I only talk about preservation, I am not saying that this rocket will be launched and you people will get a thing worth one crore today and it will become worth three crores. I do n't talk like that in 47. Okay, so this is the second thing I will tell people that. Where should you take it? This video may be long but the information you will get in it is that you can save Rs 12 crore, you can save Rs 50-60 lakh, many people will see around 150 at the age of 55 on retirement.  We will do it in our small city, I am comfortable there, I don't want to work in a big city, so they say that I have done an article on this too, it will be very good for them, I say that you all are children, so how many children are there jobs in your city?  If we do this then we can live in peace, we spend 70 years from minor childhood just like this, just because of money. If you face any problem, stay in your small town and it will be solved for you, but the children need you, by the time they turn 5570, their daughters will get a job. You should get vaccinations for their children too. You should live in a big city with all the family members. At that time, you will not find soap falling. Then when you will be 70 to 90, you will say that the children would have come to meet you, for the last 15 years, when they needed them, they would have come to you.  If you don't want to say that those people have to educate them from childhood till the age of fifty-five, then your parents have also done the party, but now there is another course, it is a normal duty to educate the child till twenty-two years. From this year, Chalisa is its main exam. To make it a little green, to see one's grandchildren in front of one's eyes is a different thing. There is a little duty in MB and also a little companionship. When this happens, your 70 to 90 does well.  Many people are like this since childhood, they will take out pistols from their enemies, daughters are promoting jobs, Ginger is doing the son's job, his daughter-in-law is there, there are some other issues and then he was a slow man, time will come, won't he leave?  If you are not going to get a job by coming forward, because children are not able to accompany you, then somehow it is still there, there are people in such government jobs, they come and take leave, they will not be able to meet further, so my biggest request is that MPs are also from there.  There is a house in Delhi-NCR, in a big city you keep a house of your own, don't try, it is a different matter that it is difficult to buy in a big city, in a small one you can buy it at any time, so in a big city you can buy it, in a small one you can never buy one. He can also buy and sell  Your child should set up a business in a small town and all of you remain the same people, but what I believe about living in a small town is that there is a modification in the place of a strong, the property must be mother's, father's, it will belong to someone, from whom it will be.  What is your height and how much property will you buy from her? Another mind-set is that I have seen ladies commentators taking their husbands to their parents' house either directly or indirectly. Those who get married in some other state go there.  One should go if that city is good, not just because it is the maternal house, because if like Mohan Murali and such government people who are interested in jobs in paradise, the state is very good, they just go, there is no problem with their girl's maternal uncle.  Sitting here, it is a good place, a very lovely place, your children will be able to get a job, where you are from, you will be able to do anti-type, these are the things that you have to look at, so I would say which house to buy after retirement, this is retirement.  Don't decide before 5 years. It takes three to four years for this light to be made. Try new good construction. Arijit. There is no use for the tenant to keep a special plot in his flat too. Making it old will commit suicide. Technology is changing a lot.  Now the mention has come, I will make a separate video on this. Now your electrical charging, wipe the vehicles, I will take galactic, sewerage treatment, I need a motorcycle, your maintenance cost will be less, this solar lighting of yours.  Will it happen in the future that if you are making new ones from the plant then you will get power sparing car by taking gee hits, apartment car, this was not even the remuneration earlier, the old houses of Dwarka which are built in 90s, people will be forced to buy pure silk. People have made profit in it, there will be a camera as well, there will be a cost of the line, so the stuff used in it, there is only 15 respect left, now those lights will be so expensive but their soul seems to be four-five, so this thing is not there.  If you want to take such a place of understanding people or have it been given to you, then what is there to grind in such decision-making. If you are confused then you will connect with them. I keep some sports of seven to eight cities, if found in Gurgaon, I have an idea but. Bullet Chandigarh Greater Noida, he also has an idea about MBBS sexual frustration, so I have an idea that how we can discuss with him Kameshwar, I will have to do some job for you and in the end I would like to tell you one thing.  I will end this by saying that again and again we will have to pay the rate, what will be deducted, go to the institute, you do not understand anything, any property used to have two things: cost of construction, cost, cost applied, only two things are required to make a property.  After all, the builder's profit comes from marketing posters and basically prostate is made up of two things, the cost of funds is not less in this, Holi is also searched online, decoration boss has gone out, took that his fans butter that you get the village.  If you want to buy land, then the loan for that area is taken out, it is the average of the last history of that area, I have come up with a formula for it, I have found the line price of Shegaon, where is the MSP that you cannot buy at a particular price below feet. Like, the right of day level is quiet, it is ₹400, ₹500, 700, it is different in South Indian, straight tax is imposed in Gujarat, and in Delhi, it has become the benchmark, you cannot go below that.  So that has become your fit, you cannot go too low in it, now further cost porn also two types of courses, otherwise reach for the quality material prostate which is the layer in the district and is not available in the same way since the time means you people are back to this.  The states which were left have become right, they have also started progressing a lot, the level used to be brought from here, everybody knows Nishu, today you number carpenter electrician lives in his house in a big city and if you know Their rates will go down sometime, your maid's rates will be reduced, the shop has given that money to the Gurjars in medical as per the decree, now it will increase with you or the institute's three percent will increase, but tell me who is the maid and who is the carpenter.  He is a plumber, he is taking as much money as he used to take, he is angry, he is taking less, how much will he be in demand in the future, in big cities then give YouTube leads that latest means work worth ₹ 500, ready to pay ₹ 2  If it happens then perhaps it goes, then this cost of labor is not going to reduce, now the cost of materials is not going to reduce, the cost of materials is not going to reduce because as many boats and lodges are coming to you, the investment people live in them, this is your Wazirpur, which is this.  This stuff is getting expensive, its cost is increasing and there is a shortage, so when neither your construction cost is decreasing nor the real estate of your Switzerland post is decreasing then  It will be reduced from related mines. Yes, it will happen that whatever builders used to grind at St. Martin's at 25, the margins will be reduced a bit and the business will be based on volume. Consolidation is taking place as if you have seen this consolidation in your life, in your telephone.  Consolidation has happened that only a few places are left, if the rest are not available then he will be in real estate. According to me, Hafiz will be on top. Pan Vid, who is a big builder, also has a limited number. Usage among opposition fans is very limited.  If you are able to do a lot of this to attract fans, now because they also have norms for more because many people had defaulted, in winters there will be only a few builders and very limited inventory is coming. Let me tell you the good results of Dwarka Expressway that 2018 December.  If the project has not come after this, then please let me know. This is also on the comment section of my college's WhatsApp. All the products are there 2000 12 13 Showing and hiding the entry of 14 flames like this, there are old projects, there is no new project, the new product is given to sell the old inventory, but after 2018 December Shapoorji and Europe, there is no new project on Dwarka and Dwarka Expressway.  Inventory has not arrived, it is gradually becoming laptop, it is doing great status, doing well, many have come from outside and have taken it ready to move in.  Those who have moved in have put their BHK in this one. Those who are playing the sidelines are sitting there watching as long as they want, the train will be held by someone, the mail train video which is video number three has also got its record.  I feel that people are skeptical, if they did not understand it the first time, then people did not watch it. I will post two to three videos to watch. One of them is my money minded series. Watch video three. In this, I have addressed the trend and one of mine which is real.  Why did I stop the estate?  Arora tell the positive properties, look at them and whatever conviction comes to you then you will be able to take a significantly informed decision in real estate and if you have any doubt about anything in North India and  If you need morning then you can connect to me and be alive this is peace dresses