Hello friends, this is a topic of real estate and a fait accompli of Jewar Airport, I will discuss this thing today, this topic has not been covered much, it is a fait accompli, an attempt will be made to mystify that too, it will be based on facts and logic, those who have said something there.  Have taken it off course, now it will be a little painful for them to hear some things, but those who are going to take it, are thinking of taking it or are bullish, if Kasuri does not know the whole thing then you can listen to me like devil's advocate, I will discuss Microsoft.  There is a company, you all know that Bill Gates is the best company, there are some doubts, the share price was as high as Rs. 2000, he was also close to the doctor and in 2016 too, its price dropped to this much, after that, there was a lot of validations.  If it were only this, then it is the market for this, so people do not follow them, they talk about the Indian market, people of 2050 take the title a few days ago, everyone knows which city it is, I have just been listed, tomorrow will end.  There will be 2528% Value Singh service, I don't know anything on the first day, what is elevation, so the biggest thing that I tell you again and again is God's understanding money check for those doing business in Gujarat, people like this channel, like this  Baton Mausam Average Indian is ok so don't take anything in private you are good bad take talk with price something which is very good but an extremely high price man or very good  Results in All Forms of Investments Not talking against and see the question Jewar airport is far from Noida IGI airport is far Some people will say that it is here in time It is there in time It is there in time Distance is being talked about Distance map Tell one thing and another  In this matter, I will tell you small people that call it runway, let's call it airport, the plane lands, call it that place, it has taken place, it is nothing in itself, how?  Let me tell you an example, listen carefully, there is also a report in Bikaner city, India, it is called Nal Airport, it is located near Bikaner, 2022 kilometers away, will the rates of Bikaner increase, it runs white, there is also an airport in attend, are you both of them?  Leave Bathinda and others, I want to ask you, Ghaziabad is close to Delhi, Ghaziabad is very close to Delhi and its airport is close to it, at least as much as Ghaziabad is done in the airport. K Hindon has increased a lot for me, so much here, you do so many places in our country from so many airports, it is nothing by coming to yourself, you have to see what Indira Gandhi Airport is, if they do runways, then subscribe. Answer before this.  Had not even reached 75%, after Kuwait it fell to the code, so in my case Neeraj, it will be recovered, so now it will be shown on press TV at 33 cents, if the capacity was saturated. 2035 3638 will be imposed and in the future we do n't even know that when this metro will be improved and this bullet train will come and the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor will be built, if you go to the bureau report in ten-twelve hours, then their exact account will be given further.  -When will there be a book of In The Times, how long will it grow, we don't know, the government is making it, it is a good thing, the state is telling it, this company is coming and doing branch correction for the investors.  Make this cargo will come, it is a good thing but in how many years do you have to play list to see that cycle. 2077 Dwarka Expressway listening to the story, I tell everyone that I Karan Arjun will come and in the last ji's movie, Karan Arjun always used to say my Karan.  Arjun will come because of me, Arjun will come, is it bad that he doesn't come, when do you come after the interval, how much time does it take, now that two-three hour movie, we knew that within 3 hours he will come because of them, Arjun is here.  I do n't even know about the destruction of Dwarka Expressway, which is being built right now. People, I have run for it and have taken a master's degree on the debt of the expressway. The government has bid for monsoon, now it is June 22nd. They are crying and crying about NGT's ban.  So focused on construction, things cycle too long, plants are so united, there is no need to go there, that is the message I want to gift, first there is Formula One  When it was released, many people caught hold of the tail of Formula One and launched Low Nibhaav. No one even asked what I have to do with Formula One. If I know that racing is happening, hair boxing is happening or racing is happening, it is a cricket stadium.  What and that Formula One has also failed, there is no Formula One, the taxes, excise duties and all that on vehicles does not make it a Bible and anyway in India, people are not fond of your formula for employment. One is watching, there is a track of Formula One, it has been lit and now you have made Yamuna Expressway, here Dwarka Expressway is of 28 kilometers, in that also the portion of Gurgaon is of 18 kilometers, in that also there is no property in the whole, left and right, so it is English here.  And then that is people's love for the plot, if I am the one making the video, I am giving clear advice that you should not buy it, do not buy it at all in that area, if you are so interested in this thing.  If you have agreed with then you write that hundred percent will agree. If it is cent then write 1750 then leave. Some will agree. Those with zero percent can also write zero that we are a condition because the reason is that I have two Brahmastras in my arsenal.  There are more videos which I will take out and explain it, if I can understand it then it would be great because address the audience on me, new updates are also being added, you can share it as per your convenience.  Kindly send, okay, you write on this comment section, write a lot, today I told here that if there is a cargo line after catching the tail of the airport, then from the poster it is seen that a TCS building comes late and 3000 employees come to Gurgaon.  Let's go, these three thousand people need a house. The average salary of each new house is Rs. 70-80 thousand. Let's talk about the average salary in IT, maybe someone may even get Rs. 50,000.  Yes, but people have a settled average salary of Rs. 1.5 lakhs. It is okay, if anyone is still doubting about it, the 75% salary which I had cleared earlier, on these non-issues, if it gets raised more, then the stake is also on that. Video.  It will be made only after one and a half month but that because then that so called that implement from my side details of no consequence and 3000 limit 30 inches then laborer Earn more than Rs. 3000 in Gurgaon and if the telling is fine then it is of no consequence because people will write that also in the comment section so I will tell you first but then I will come to this that if you are a runway and runway  But will it ever land the cargo? Either by landing the cargo, which segment needs houses there? The one who takes ghee from door to door, the one who needs the eco system, that many people are needed first, the public in Greater Noida.  Had a laugh, now stuck here, UP is doing great Indian better, election results, yeast vibration, Meerut and Agra, Kanpur, Lucknow, Varanasi also fought in the war, 24 cities of the North, Ghazipur, etc., Ganga and Purvanchal Expressway are being built between them, subscribe this  Is not the very good also shooting Manish Kushwaha God rate there human child will not come yet tips middle of  Nowhere and better than this, you can take any district of UP, there is a city in that district, because of the direction made there, the villagers who want to come and live in the city, when their life gets improved, earn more money from that story. If you are from Bihar and UP and there is a trend because there is a trend then I am not getting you, come towards 426, okay don't come now but don't go on this alignment, here it is called freezing the money, you  money  Will let it cool down and then will say if there is no loss in 238 rupees, we have sold so much, so this is a frenzy which comes in different asset classes, jewelery in itself is just coming to the airport, wash it there, it is going to a very factory, inside the factory, I move away.  They are related to laborers of their own caste because the places where they live do not justify the rates at which you are charging them and the UP government is also saying that it will be good for Rajasthan.  I will come and give it and because of that, Bigg Boss is the biggest loot and like a lottery ticket, these days you see me doing it like a lottery ticket at the railway station. I am telling the mantra of property in Delhi, ultimate, link up.  The idea of ​​how much time will come with the express train can be had only when the mother knows that she can compare or there will be people coming there. If people will come here and not just here, then there is no way out on this, she is being given at least every three days.  Percent, four percent, Ali's formula is out, the check is also three or two percent, you should get polythene, you should get it, otherwise, just put it in the air, you will take the thing, the diet area seems open, it seems good, it will get better in the future, every expressway in India.  Places are being built everywhere, a lot of places will be built, it means that you take every place next to the road, there are not so many people in India, it is 140 crores, so if you people understand then tell me, otherwise I  next  Then I will tell you according to the fat speakers data and how much I have understood, how much more would you like to understand, tell me, I will remove one and if not from that one too, then I will remove my Brahmastra, the thing of the right level has been revealed, the one who will understand, then I will use it.  For this, I would need a board, till date I have not shown it in a video, you guys have watched the video more than my friends, right, this is what I am telling you, for that, I will need a board, paper, he will fold his paper and that kind of thing which I want to fold, okay  I never win  But really I think that all the knowledge was explained like this in India but he is my next one, so how much time will it take for you out of 100 to write this thing in 50% 1617 figures, you tell me, I have hundred percent material to explain in two videos.  Through medium, you can consider it as part one but it is a feature, that corridor, this area, this particular thing has to be completed, it can be completed.  It is okay and it is very clear cut clear-cut does not mean that it depends, see if you are from where you are from, hey, where are you from UP, you have kept anything, no matter how much money you have, this place is residential. etc. You cannot shatter it with business. For business people, it makes sense to buy something like Toot Stylish Factory. Depending on where to buy online, how much is it to buy, what is the gender, what are the facilities, we don't even know the habit of time.  ok but add user administrator distic 9 please comment section more interactive and won't be thanking you