Hello friends, today's topic has been brought to you and it is real estate latest updates and popular questions with me. I will answer maximum of the questions that have been asked to me. Along with those questions, you too can have 24 questions, so stay till the end.  If it remains then let's start. Recent court has given a concession of 20 cents to all the registries which were above the circle rate. It's a very bad.  It is also good for development limited, it is also good for real estate and it is also good for end users. The second thing is the interest rates on home loans. They are coming down and have come down to 68 cents. Those of you who are  If you are running on launch hydrate and want to transfer, then this is a very good time for them. If anyone is in Delhi-NCR, then you can connect. Add C. If someone is your best friend, then you have control over the rest. This is the day.  Many people want to buy in the state and that is Germany, the first thing is but if anything else is how much it costs then the biggest condition today is about the price in the report in which I keep doing a lot of research but I don't even understand the price. And there is so much confusion in the matter that it is difficult to understand how much a property is actually worth and how much is quoted. So I tell you from Dimple, there is one location, there is a credit expectation, the apartment is Mantra of Rs 1.05 crore and the same.  There is under construction next to it, so people will say that this Bell Patri is very expensive, it is 100 feet long, it is ready made, we have to understand and check two to four things before making an appointment, so I will tell you. First of all, you have to check what is its type of construction, I will not make it old because in this Frequently Asked Questions also the truth was matched. Secondly, you have to check that which is under  It is a construction project, what is its payment name, if it is my payment till 2030, if it is from 2030 or 2015, then how am I going to get money in it? Cost of funds plays a big role in this, because if I am saving interest in 4 years, how much is it?  I am Bachchan and I am taking it in Jham now, can I stay in Finity? How much rate will I be left with? This is a bit complicated. The answer to this question can be found only after sitting with someone and thinking carefully about it.  You will know that this is not straight forward, you can company it in this way that it can be 1.05 and 1.25 and 1.3 are expensive, that is true, its specification should be very good, femininity should be very good, the builder should be very good and your money is being saved because.  There are many locations Shubhendu which will take two to three years to come up, so you can take it even in under construction. Now let's come to my questions. Before the questions, I  I would like to tell you all that I will launch a related series very soon because of what I did. Some of my videos have already been made but I will launch it in a proper way and will bring in edited topics in it which you have never seen before. Neither have you got any knowledge about money nor have you touched any of them. There must be 20 to 25 videos. If you watch them then first of all you will say that seven, eight, ten.  To tell us all this at a distance of a year ago, he will say this. Secondly, for the new children, children of 30357, who have never bought properties till date and want to buy, then this will be very good for them because they will be very small.  I will do 7 to 8 minutes, I will read one topic, I will cover the unmarried list in such a way that I feel that in this also I will take all the world, but till date this has never happened even on YouTube or anywhere else, so if this  Hearing this, you are feeling good that something good is going to happen and you are seeing such forward, then definitely subscribe my channel and make belt notification and press it so that when those videos are made, you get them, so start today's Kushal.  The first question that comes to Genelia is that there are too many related entries, it should not be taken now, I have a house for six people and the answer to this is that some teams do not lag behind in the media there.  767 Noida One lesson must not be full, so I want to ask those who are going to write, who are going to read this seventh night night night night, I am denying it, where is it, it will be fine but I want to give another factory, 7 to 8 lakhs if flights.  The garland is empty, many vests are flats, all the children are fully dressed and there is no wicket, our winters have a lot of money, so the entry should be very good, we have also made Amla plate.  The builders have to buy it and have it made, this doesn't happen, the builder is not an idiot, if it doesn't sell then he does n't make it, it's okay, due to this, the inventory comes into the market slowly and gradually and lasts.  It is said by inventory and hand, it means that the railway goods are being sold, whatever inventory has come in the market, in how many days will it be visible, then it is as if a builder is launching 1501.  Does n't make 1520 Lite in a day, doesn't dance, doesn't send loot, puts it at one price, the same shine laptop will take out fat or four shots, initially it will have three towers, nowadays even RERA is getting tower specific only, any big project from coast to coast  It cannot be made before six years or you people take three to four years time to make silver loose, these people make it phase wise and see pink racing car price like this, good morning, there is a lot in this thing, it will get injured. You will not understand anything about the department. All the projects coming after RERA are from very good builders. These are good projects which you can take by delegation as per your department. The inventory is not extra, it is the supply which is as unique as what is said in the market.  It is being said that the mutual fund people, the equity people, take out their stickers, these real estate people take out anti mutual funds, there are many people on mutual funds, I also say a little about something bad below.  The comment is also very good, there may be some useless practice here, similarly, this strata is very good, by keeping some thoughts in it, you people have to change the knowledge and when the knowledge can be changed, clarity comes, then there is no fear that  You always feel scared in the dark when you can't see anything, at the same place when everything you want is visible during the day, then there is no fear, so I definitely have to watch the videos, this is a guarantee and light, I myself will never say a left statement.  that this  It is good that it is bad, it is black and white, so it does not digitize and unites the city, so you have to understand this, you understand the inventory, keep eight lakh rupees, 87, how much is it if there are four people in a house or 2 minutes in the smaller one.  It is so far that only one can remain in it or out of three varieties 54 is enough. If we consider the average then 32 people, then how many are there in 32 flags. Tell us, accounting for 329, if our population is within that.  Population will be counted. Don't forget that next year the population count in our India will be 2 crores. Before the quarter, more than 50 lakh people were looted in our train. Delhi Lok Sabha has improved from this point. Every day we travel by Mumbai local train to VAT.  First of all, those who scare you by lagging behind, this AstroSage Kundli App is associated with BSP, isn't it? If there is a 1.5 protest in India, then two crore children will be born and this is India. Two crore children are being born in India, they are divided by four but 250 denominator is needed, this extra is needed not only from every year, so that if this is to be maintained, whatever is there and whatever else is there and pollution and the last topic, we will discuss this.  I will do a video and it is very good, it is worth seven to eight lakhs, there is no need to be afraid, it is ready to move in, it is not there, I know Gurgaon very well and I do not know any society in the village which is ready to move in.  it's done  Due to which people are not able to stay, it is ready, that means water is coming there, electricity is coming, it has been built and SIM has been received. Who cares about ATS but this type of Dwarka Expressway is a very good society. Facebook has to be made from dust and mud.  A lot is going on there but people stay because this mother is giving them why should they remain in the center of the race where it fell then the engine and rent and Shravan's house is ready, they take this boiled and come here and as many as possible  Also this is your Flipkart where  etc., after delivering all the possibilities, they go away, no auspicious, stay comfortably, no one paid attention to the infrastructure, if all the Bhabhi people live, then I would say that this is too much entry roaming in the market, I don't think so at all, Dongri is very good about some markets.  I know very well that I know about Gurgaon Greater Noida Mohali 67 market well, I don't think it is with physical. Next question comes to one of the questions. Buying 2BHK is nice for the country. I have a  I have made a video and will post it in the link. You watch that video and according to me, you should buy 2BHK. I have laid a lot of foundation in it. So you Sariska, according to me, you should buy only 2BHK because when you want 3BHK, this is how your children think about it.  If you are a family member, then you think that China needs this. I like the situation changes. Yes, take me to Chalisa's house. After the retirement of 337, you will live in the house, according to me, 2.  BHK is better. 2 BHK is better. Day routine in 2BHK requires both for ₹10. Okay, 3 BHK is not good according to me, but how come you have 220 KVA. People are interested in it and in this, people ask me questions many times about this.  This effort is related because I want two three BHK in Gurgaon cent file is piece. Now I say that you all go to make suit piece, you say that  I just have a time meter cloth and mine is made for ₹ 3 which cannot be made, the re-piece suit is not made in the diameter, it is difficult to make the Tubelight one, even the number two one will not be made, the support will also be very tight, so what is this thing for you?  Of being with the financial budget, you cannot say that what do you call my budget, mine is so much that I should give it, it is not possible, this is an appointment and many times, after listening to this figure, do not give it, he used to say that I should live in the city.  I can not live  There can be no condition and even if you say no in it, no one will say no friend, I will get it, then you will get a useless thing in a very useless place and even if it is white, you will not get dowry, you will go away and how to cool down all that, if it goes then it will be expensive and  Oil is cheap once and again, don't waste your money like this. Now I am not getting a free kick, so you will make your own good blazers. You will be lacking in it, so that too is fine. Do n't wear a combination suit.  Pancake is also a good thing, no, whatever thing you mean, you will understand, I will keep it, now let's move ahead, one is asked, what is most important about Muesli, Adam Gilchrist, so people, a movie was made on it, right, and Vidya.  Balan's entertainment entertainment entertainment is the answer, people in real estate say location location location, so I will answer it, before that I am ok expert and  I want to tell you, I return Kanchana, then I go for marriage, I see everything, some brides come out, so what happens in this, first of all, we have to be the girl we want, yes, tell me, girl, tell me, should the actor be good, the character should be good. Due to holding the thing, electricity fund tells them that today she is a girl, good character, good family, we check all this and come to know that the thing is absolutely fine, after that there is panic, she should be beautiful too, isn't it?  Sundar too would have driven a tractor earlier  Then she should be beautiful also. Beautiful girl has also turned out to be a faizi. What is work? A worker should also be needed. A job should be heard. Those with a job should also be seen. Then that mother is nothing to them, they are used for household purposes. Are all of them wrong in asking the boy?  He wanted a beautiful girl, father wanted a character, mother had a job, she should be useful in the house, he used to come first in Farmaaishi program of All India Radio, he was like this, Hina was in All India Radio for Fauji brothers and Farmaaishi.  want to too If such a government has come up with demanding programs, it means that the demanding problem is not solved. Even in real estate, people like this come, first of all, I am here, how much is the budget, so will you show me something in it, then I want Modi only for it, I feel like I am married. I tell you that first of all you have to back up your status. Girl, the first thing is that there is someone like you who had made a list of ten. Edit, there was no such girl or boy who asked for votes. If she does this then your son will marry the system and she will consider you as her.  Too  So, if you want to see, if you have left the economic century on 23rd April and brought it and you want everything in it, then you will not get it. It is a budget of Rs. 3 crores and you will not get everything in it too. No one will come and say that you will go in it, it is not right.  And if there is any item like a birthday worth Rs 300 crore, petrol is not available at your 10:30 bar, it is possible and if Singh Munish does not come out, then what is the use in it, he will say, 12:00 swimming pool.  Is it your indoor swimming pool or is it an outdoor one? How much will you spend on this leak? You will take a consultant along with you who will tell you in detail whether you can buy it for three crores, neither you can buy just one nor you can buy it for Rs. 25 lakhs because your  Many people are not satisfied with the parameters, so what is the need in real estate first of all, you have to get listed for this, you should understand that this is my budget and the second dashboard should be in that I should take it for investment.  I am property  If I am giving this property for end use, then it will be credited to both of them or it will be taken. Generally people will ask as per the property bought for investment worth Rs. 22-25 lakhs, there is no car parking in this. I am giving you power purchase for Rs. 2520 lakhs. I live in a girl's property.  Those boys who are left with Rs 16,000 or Rs 18,000 will somehow match that car. It is not a yellow suit. We should see that car in Gurgaon or we may not find it. Even in Delhi, I know a BMW parked on the road.  If the matter remains then it means that the whole thing will come from some other city, it is a big thing and the girls will take it boiled, then there will be no fear that the program will be spoiled, otherwise here I used to do mysterious things, children indulge in a suitcase and  They enter the house with 2 hours notice and 1 hour notice, if you had vacated it then it would have been different, it was running since yesterday, it will be suspended tomorrow, in 12 years when it will be harmful, you will understand that it is for investment and that is it.  Let me tell you the most important thing for the people and let me repeat this question again, what is the most burden of proof, real estate match, kiss baby, I will make a separate 10 minute video, do not disturb all his tractors, according to me, the biggest factor is honey location.  I will not say why even the location of Lucky City would be included in it but people think about the micro location in the location that maybe they have stolen it, the location is the most important thing in the city.  Mostly the people of the city are those heroes because decision-making is happening in their place. They like to see the situation in the short term and do not see what will happen next. You have to choose the city very well, there is a lot of business to juice on that.  I will also do a separate video. You have chosen the wrong city, then you can do more. Property Yantra is easy and Vaikuntha. It is difficult to buy, it is difficult to sell and once you have taken a wrong decision, you get stuck in the wrong place, it becomes very difficult.  So I will turn off the one point question and among the questions that are asked, I write articles along with articles on social media. If I talk about insurance and illegal construction in these videos, then am I training? Migration to wash.  On the side, I will tell you here also that Iodine in his real estate series and doing a video online will tell you briefly that all the diseases are bought, like you have seen postponing the calendar.  When it feels cold, they use it. The way they use the framework, the well-wishers of thoughts love aluminum and it is that it is giving death sentence to our marriage line. Seepage does not come. Life increases four times that of the property. Express News was in these. Town his life for mouth jewelery and pass tanning and bharat stage fix no something new technology and these people will understand everything in two to three years your old flights will become difficult to lay when this  The question paper will be leaked. I have done a great video on Y2 style and old flats. I will put it in the loop. Whatever you like, go to the description of the video. I will put all the videos that I am talking about, easily this holiday.  The next day, sit and watch all the videos peacefully in 1 to 2 hours, it will not take even an hour to watch all the videos because you can get a profit of 50 70 80 90 lakh crores, so much more.  If you watch this then it will be worth your money - Training is very good, maintenance cost is low, I will do a big video right now, I want to take the next question about the commercial, how is that commercial, it is very good, 30, I have one line, it can be good or bad.  You are a very good advisor, you have a lot of money, Heritage's portfolio is very good, the cash people are very nice and if I understand anything then I will not come to Kanwarpura but it costs a lot of cartridges in this commercial.  What happens is that five products are launched which are very bad, one becomes very fit and two become Mohammed, now it is the luck of which one goes to college and good songs are found in many, even the enemy becomes good.  But still there is space, so those who have less money or cannot put much in it, Dhoni has not come to the state yet, I will fold them, but those who are old players, who have goods worth crores, if ever 2 lakhs are added to the list.  It was worth Rs 2 crores that was looted.  Have you ever thought that the shop will be big? Have you got the money through inheritance? Or have you understood what to do? There will be many small and big properties too, so those who have the money should buy it, then get some good advisors, otherwise buy it in a good location in a good city. But even in that, the culture of malls etc. is decreasing a little bit, now its landscape is also changing and now, more than what this imprinting launcher can do, I am following it grocery for many things. I would say that if you provide it commercially then this yagya is my personal opinion, MB ROM apps are two drops off, then in this you give them towards warehousing or are the kid in town, they are brave, all of them are as cut and dry as they are, isn't this dot.  The goods of CN are kept there, it is an understanding of the qualities of ads, rest, you can roam in your city and you can be from anywhere, Pune, Mumbai, Bengaluru, these seven-eight cities, all the games are going on.  There you can tell me that there will be some player or the other, there is a comment below, there is a new segment, there is a new thing and in this, if you understand the mixture of 10 to 15 to 20 lakhs, then you should definitely do that, doing it is very significant and a little.  Sa Sudan hua hai Ahead Bhind to back I tell you this thing Next By the way my favorite question is back in the place from Dwarka Express Family in Mintu Court Himmat that I  If the family is fine now and then we have come there to support us in the house, this place, it is Bittu's best micro market of this country, its object, opening in the vestige, we can't do Matki, yes, we are in the top fifty best performing markets, Pisces migration is a matter for Raj and Real Estate.  Everyday in this for be rich look, very big thing from collection, qualities Dwarka Expressway, you should understand well Dwarka Expressway in Gurgaon which  Is it good to be bad taste wicket market for tattoo fifteen years so today after five years of buyers chatting after a year that graph will go like this how much will go when will it go so that they gave it is better than this the market will not create any problem green field alignment is stuck to Delhi  What has happened is that by sticking to 3, the Thu-Thu Expressway will fry you for 10 to 12 minutes. Okay, IOC is coming in Dwarka Sector-19, with a lot of jobs and a lot of things. On this issue, I can do a separate series on Dwarka Expressway in Delhi, I will definitely go to my place of real estate, I will separate Dwarka Expressway, those who want, this is a table request from many people, if they like the video then I  I will understand and if you write in the comment section also on my WhatsApp, I will make it well for you, whatever you demand, I would like to make a thread that those who want to hear that Dwarka Expressway is for you and you are mine.  The question comes, is it possible that Singh is coming to Gurgaon, I have made the video of it very well, I will tell you about these tips, Affordable housing is in two ways, one is good, the other is very good, and the other is bad.  Two, it's okay, some of them become a little good, they become very good, then you can add a judge for that and one watch, but it is not a big deal in the family, I would like to tell you a small thing behind that. 24  You get 2 Lakh 2 BHK, 500 600 800 60 fit cafeteria, Shahrukh's company, you look in your village, England is free there, if I tell you, have two rooms, two bathrooms, one kitchen, drawing dining room and listen twice, if you have made 23 lakhs then you will not be able to make it. If you try to make lines in it then there will be no question of profit, there is no question of profit and I - If you say that you should not make it through correction, then if there will be migration here, then one of your vehicles will be included in it.  Which Innova Crysta should you buy, give me the rate of Innova Crysta, what is the on road price of Innova Crysta, why are you getting anything less than the on road price, anywhere in India, buy land, give me this, make candy with what I told you and show it.  In this rate, you cannot go wrong, everything is clear, let me understand, see, this is the concept of festival living, I will deduct it from the members on the western limit, so if  If you like this question and video, subscribe to Chittorgarh channel and very soon if we are launching blacklisted series which is on Sunday, you are a former resident, it is not that I am only in Gurgaon, Gurgaon ke tablet, such Gurgaon ki place for Gurgaon, you can read  Bangalore Hyderabad Pune Principles If you understand once related because every pocket has its own then it is not that day in my  If I understand a little here, then I will talk about it here, but the thing that you will adopt everywhere will be my series, it will become applicable to everyone, so I will request everyone to subscribe the channel if they have not yet subscribed to the channel. do it thank you