Hello friends, this is a very good video of real estate concept, you have to watch it till the end, you have to share it with everyone, there is no such content anywhere, I have brought something very special today, today I have brought a special dish, say date of birth of the year, title, that thing.  I have brought the time to tell you that as much as I am praising you, whether you found any dish tasty or not, if you found it tasty then like and share. This topic is that the house in which you live is the house of Indus, that also.  Needs to Appreciate and You Have to Monitor Appreciation This topic is many people say that the house in which we live has nothing to do with Krishna, they say this and very much you are mine and it is to give complete clarity on current things, people who are wrong.  Are you thinking of bringing a little change in their thinking? Listen, what is the result? If the house you bought and the same page, in 30 years and 40 years, all the property appreciates, everything appreciates. But in the matter of relation, we have to see that if the batter appreciates due to inflation, then the gentry you had selected when you entered it, that gentry will not go below that and where the expression will come very high and quickly, then you know that the one who is up is better than you.  People of status will come, ultimately whenever we buy a house, wherever we go, we have a feeling of status in our mind and with that time, we want to go to some system where people according to our status will come.  On the contrary, there are people with a longer period of time. If any person goes and is a person of this level, he will not go to the place of this level, this is expected, but what happens after a period of time, if your property is depreciating more, then the price of that property will increase in the market. People who were at the level here can fold the property, you can fold the Trax Gas Result of Time India itself is progressing, so the person who used to earn Rs 10,000 is now earning 50, it is amazing to earn 50.  Kumar has always been there, but if your property is laggard and people are leaving from there, rich people are coming and a separate group of people are coming, then history is inevitable that you are not monitoring this thing. At the right time, it will be too late because the rates where you could have gone will increase further. This is called giving a kind of violin from syndrome. Okay, is there a story in that if you put the frock in lukewarm water and the water If you increase it gradually then it gets wasted with every new temperature and you reach boiling water of Sachin extent. Okay, so this is a mental model. It is explained in a different way that here thick  The thing is that if you do not notice small changes, then when they become big changes, then you integrate with every small change, that math's delta which we call depression integration.  etc. I don't want to go, but I am telling you how to solve this problem. Wherever you live, these days, transactions are taking place in that neighborhood. Monitor them and write down its rate once in 3 months.  Your property will be sold at this rate and write the rate and monitor it four times in a year. The excise duty is 15 to 20 minutes. If you do it four times, it will take one and a half hour for the whole year. It's another 99 rupees tax.  Some help can be found from the property dealer next door or the flat pickup in the neighborhood itself or the society in which you live or the colony in which you live in Delhi. By monitoring where it is being sold and for how much.  Put a graph to see whether its rate of growth is equal to that of many others, whether it is more or less. We will continue to consider inflation as five percent for 6 persons. If your property is the inflation over a period of three years. Not going above inflation as of late so sexual intercourse her value is developing and relationship elf will start getting up and she will start coming in someone's aspiration now na that a you yes stagnant so the public below is that.  It will come and gradually you will see that the demography there, which is called demography, will start changing. Earlier too, in the video I had made in the Delhi series, I had given a hint about this, but some people Even the people of Delhi feel bad about it, what are you telling us, but you monitor, you will start getting answers automatically and its effect will be there in 15 to 20 years, it will not come in 3, 4, 5 years if you give the property today.  If it is so, it will not be visible in 5 years. Its effect will be visible only in 15-20 years. And tonight I will tell you another trick that whenever you buy a property, if you can afford it, then buy a little higher, like if you buy this now.  If you are going then buy Honda City. If you are going to buy a suit then buy Desire. Okay, it's something like that, buy a little more so that it was yours. If you have bought it, then if ever this pagnet will fall in the future. But you had already taken the above, then it will take 20 years to reach your level as an actor, so you have done your life very well, then this is a simple video, I have given a lot of data and examples in it.  I do not want to complicate things, I am giving you a template and what happens many times in this is that if there is a generation change, then if you talk to the parents of a child, then you know that the child has made huge progress in life, then definitely he  The child does not want to rest in that area. This happens with the daughter-in-law many times. What if your level was this, the level of your next generation, now this is the level of you, you people, what should we do now with the help of the child. This is inevitable in your second test match, you will have to shoot something, you don't want something, rank list, start feeling that friend, this is not food, this is more about where you live, this is also a fact, if you keep your money, left right episode, all this.  This one you have to support, remember that you will have to change and changing is not bad. In that Syria, I did a better society than that in Mohalla Road Colony Sector of the city. Whatever you have to say, that's what you are.  Have drank, see that every three months Chapter Property Price for Every 6 Chest Monitor that the people who are coming, what background, profile and status they are coming and those who are going, at what time they are going, then you will know the pattern.  You will start flying, happiness does not change in years, it takes minimum 15 years for change to happen, but even 15 years are spent, many properties are lost from you, even in 2000 and 2005, people buy them. Most of the people are ready for that change. They used to come to the shuttle with a lot of questions, so I gave you a template with this. What I do as your property consultant is at the individual level. This is the thing that I could tell only about these.  What I am doing right now is that I am revealing my templates, so it is possible that one day someone who is subscribed to me gets deleted so much that he would hate it.  There should be no need for consultation because the apps teacher uses on tablets to do consultation say that you should take this but after 15 years or 10 years this can happen because I see your profile going up, never reply.  If you have a profile to buy property, it is going like this or has been like this, can go like this, then in many places it happens that the profile is 13020, you have 30 years of earnings left to bring it forward and you are at this level right now.  If you come or will be there on this occasion, if you take it here, then GST, DCID, CIPLC, Addition cost goes into it, then there is an overhead of 15 to 20 cents in the property, then repeatedly taking the wrong place and that thing.  To relax, if you take it wrong and then go to sell it, it can be a very costly affair because here he put 20 cents on top and then you sold 20% and even appreciated the property. You definitely got it and after that.  If you try to buy it somewhere else, it will cost 20 cents, then it is a big decision of life. This is a subtle horoscope of property, so I thought you will scrub for it, share the link, like it, subscribe the channel, if not then thank you.