Hello friends, I have brought seven different points related to real estate which are related to each other and if you understand in which direction it is going, what is happening, then it will be useful for you in decision-making, the first thing.  Along with this, I am telling different things to make people aware of Jhajjar Ali. The first thing is the interest rate. Seen bad in today's newspaper, 6.4 percent from the edition of Union Bank. 6.4, rest of the banks and auto following line.  Historic low interest rate has come, affordability is at its peak, the one of the second thing is the Rohtak, Hisar, Kurukshetra, Karnal, all these areas of Haryana were Tier-3, then they call it 'Tang', all the properties here were booming.  Now in the last one month, a pause is going well here, there was a lot of run up, I will match them with the one who is in the ultra small cap area of ​​the stock market, then the refusal of the runner-up has come to peace.  Now the deals are not happening, the rates are very high, this article is about you guys, thirdly, there is no one to explain, now there is no one in the market to explain, the market is rich and a place like a tree of tiredness, you must have seen on YouTube also about real estate and this which  There was a frenzy going on, the videos have started coming less, I am feeling a little tired even on social media, this does not mean that we have to link him with something and we have to explain the tiredness, now this has become the system, brother, I understand. so come like  For example, you are sitting empty in a shop and there is a clothes shop and it is Wednesday afternoon. One reason is two o'clock and a sister comes, then all the sarees are shown to her comfortably and it is not necessary to see the sister, see one more thing. Take a look at the second one, look at the third one, have a cold drink, get some tea, sit down, look, there is a new one, that one, there is no patience when now there are 100-150 people standing in the queue and that concept of UI, you people understand that that is the new enthusiasm.  The builders have started that thing, now people should see the jewelery also and understand, okay next, okay next. It's like when you go to a place of worship and you have to do the right thing, then the person sitting there tells you quickly.  After doing this, okay, if this one brings the next one, then it is different for him that it is visible to someone, yes, his 15 seconds' darshan becomes more special, then there is such a pleasure that the person who is like this  Those with curiosity, those who were situated on the window and the square, no one is asking about the big things, the window shop, it has become a market, so the current market which is part of its 27th October, I am bringing to you people that this is how the current market is going on.  This is going to continue like this for the next several days, things are coming out in this, those who were following the market are realizing, so call it market is that leverage or can you call it a result, everything is shifting to words which Things are going towards the builders as they are giving, so I am telling you today that you will start feeling it in 15-20 days and those who are already feeling it can tell me that yes, we can feel this thing. Now this is the thing because the buffer has spread out a lot, there are many IPOs in the share market in the coming time and I would like to add their link to you along with that in the share market like your Paytm IPO right now.  A lot of money is going to come, the heroine is going to [ __ ] and after that, a lot of IPOs are going to come and boy look, then the biggest IPO of LIC will come, either in the share market also, you will see some clouds of correction coming from that.  I want to see and think that the money which we have to spend on second third for ordering that apps, we point and time, whenever there is a correction in the market, people withdraw some money, where will that money go because that money will be the bank's money, absolutely clearly accounted for.  If there is money then where can it go, it is up to you guys to give your information in the comment section that [ __ ], this money can go here because when you sell shares in demat, it is credited to your account only, so if your pen is there.  Only fifty-sixty-eighty million crores are worth it. Some big party booked the money and booked the profit. From there, that money goes into the account. So, in which type of products can the money from the account go? You have to see, this is a big launch.  It is going to happen Next week it will grow a little again in the market, your new company will be launched and there will be a very nice grand ceremony Andhra Aankhen End Samagam, so it is a new company, its side you know which has been running for a long time.  If you want to go to party, want to eat or drink food then you can definitely go and their allotment process will start after that gender is very much in demand and hit.  Now people who will not say yes, they have to look behind them and see what is happening, how many people are there, diet water treatment is coming next and will be a big event market will take notice of the fact which will happen next week.  Later, I want to discuss a little about Possible Singh that faults have started appearing in affordable housing. We were asking many people as to when will they come and we saw about 20.  It is taking 21 days time, refined ones are coming, now people are still asking a lot of questions regarding affordable housing, surrender this, surrender that, keep what you have got, just because you got it easily, it does not mean that  Keep something negative like I have been selected in IS, if I don't get good results then I don't need to cancel it, it is okay like if you become an IAS even if there is no order.  It is good that if you get something, even if it is not as per your choice, then you have become an IAS. Well, if you are infected with the virus, not IS, or something below that, then at least hold on to the job, then don't tell him this, do it again next time, then I will tell you.  There you can repair it without leaving your job, here you will have to lose the foldable, so the one who lost his life is the one who never stood when the seats were lit in the bus, which one should you sit on which one should you sit, the person who was standing is good.  just i get him john first  If it goes and sits quietly then the same system of affordable is there, maximum during middle-aged product, most likely, now in the first week of November, news prizes that unless you subscribe to the news channel, subscribe like subscribe, what happens to RO, hate ask.  Let us know how this one is, so you have to see it, if you have not taken it, then it can be released, so I have made a separate video on it, I have included it in the play list, I am also in the description in my affordable housing.  I will post it and see  Take, there I have told the method that by looking at the example of the project, I have told what kind of place and combination the builder should use, if he understands the motivation combination, then I have given a formula, apply that formula and you will get the result instead of asking for each one. How is this how is this because in each case you have to understand that the first thing you have to put in your mind is that you should not get the foldable form before 5 years, if you fill the form today, it appears on the screen and  It will take minimum 5 years for you to get the keys of the flat, this is something to be discussed, no one is discussing it, the money will go in 3 years, so first keep this thing in your mind, otherwise you will say that you got it late by 2 years, put this thing Construction Linked Aaj Tak  So no, my request is to increase the number of likes through the people who will put the request in the comment section below and it is also a request to increase the likes on Facebook so that the rate remains high.  Now it is Rs.200 and this is now at least the builder has done some good work so now at least link the puff because many people take money from banks and bank money does not function but construction is not done physically on the ground. Then you have to bring your own funds, on which Todd Sees IT has created this cream to help the government, that it has no value anymore because if it had so much money of its own, then why invest in these things.  He is angry that he does not have money, he takes a loan but he will not get the loan and the installment for giving 12.50 nutrition because 50% of the money was asked for and even there he did not make first and second, then the representative of the bank comes before releasing. If it is not made then he gives money from his friend relative or from personal loan or at high interest and then it becomes this and then he sections the brinjal, then the common customer is very upset.  From this you have to like this thing, rest I am going to tell you that you are the seventh point, jobs are increasing in Gurgaon, it will increase, many people are expected to come after Diwali, I am expecting the time after date number 15.  The flavor of general vibrancy in a market and a general small surge will become very base because when many people who had gone physically will come back, then they will release in a different way.  Now the people of TCS are also ahead, that means physically that place is occupied and if among the 50 people who had gone, maximum will start coming, TCS Infosys and all the rest, their offices have also started opening and there is a lot of expectation even after Diwali. Physical presence of people will become visible. Had gone on Djokovic's time, from now on I will request people to visit Noida. Want to become a premium subscriber, I will give you the link below.  Now you can watch the content of the channel a little more and the premium subscription will be just a little higher level, which will take a little time for you to understand, so I understand that those who like my content, if they want to become criminal subscribers then it is for them.  A little content which they might enjoy is my current marriage video number nine. Very lovely comments are coming in. If you have n't seen it yet then go and watch it. Video number 9483 Mandatory.  Had talked about the idea of ​​disclosure, marriage, please send it to the people because when we have a society, when we have a consensus that yes, this is true, then there is no shame in it, individually we cannot do anything, power is there in the society.  Normal trend is coming, it is happening where it has to be done, so now I will remember my stance on breaking those belief systems on marriage, school education, job, my ongoing series, you guys will also remember that one.  How much are you liking? Please write in the comment section and those who have not subscribed the channel, please do so. I request you to press these notifications, otherwise the content is the latest and sometimes I don't do anything for a long time.  If I can then it gets missed like I had put my free project Palak on open channel, many people have seen it, there is a lot of business, there is a lot of pressure, I have covered 250 projects, now it is available on premium channel, premium You can take the subscription to use whatever they want to see. Although I had made that webinar free and had told it to everyone, there was a good response to it. Many people could not join it because there was a limit of Rs 500.  It was said that if you were not able to join it then write in the comment section with this message honey, I am planning something so that I can recharge a lot of people and those people who were not able to go at that time, then it means I will use limitless fraudulent poly platform in which how many people can die, then it will not be like there is waiting because that has to be paid a lot, that limit was also there in Zoom, my favorite one, to cross that limit I will try on other platforms.  I will try my best this time to do some work with better topics and fun and that is I will inform you about on data win for you but like the channel on Friday and Saturday. subscribe thank you