Hello friends, today's topic is, who is the biggest airplane in real estate, who does the biggest aerobatics, the list is long, I am talking about that list topper, okay friends, all this is narrated, it takes 14 14 15 16 years.  Let's take this expressway exam. The story is being told since 2007. Okay, I will try to explain something by taking examples. You have to understand it carefully. Express expressway is also about this.  There will be general talks, the biggest disappointment is the politicians and to some extent the government too and the politicians are fine in the government as well. Whenever elections are about to come, a green garden ahead is shown. Five villages will be settled here, five whistles will be blown, there is no plan.  Fit any person, what is the problem, 20147, do anything, do the plant, this is the plan, he is there, he will come here, he will come, even the builders are concerned about it.  When customers become fools, the common man becomes fool, this note news, poor common man, the meaning of becoming a fool is that he is a pimp, cigarette, Pintu's note, this idea is fine, but builders become big investors, they become politics.  There is a change in the politics of the politician, the one who is running now, only the same husband goes to him, there is a place like it was told at some time that yes, the grade of the option, the subscription changes. People are worried about that, first of all it is okay here, then there is such a place where you can push in which Ghee you have to take it, secondly you have to see that wherever you are on the expressway, find that yes, Seva Express and will go, oh yes, the expressway.  You have to fly in the air, you have to go from below, if it is okay to enter it from your village, then if you have to go so many kilometers, will there be Jhingalala everywhere, now from Delhi to Mumbai Bandra Expressway, so much cloth, it will make a difference, it will have an economic effect.  That will happen but this is  This means that you can go anywhere on the entire expressway and buy anything because this preserve is more starting from here and has connectivity, there is a logistics hub, there is a train, something will be built there, the government will invest something, the private sector will invest something, that is concrete.  Your money will be made only on this thing and mostly I want to tell that the retail investors who are listening to this thing which is a party below 10 crores which is below Muslim Mera Desperate.  Is it true for you, two years of no consequence, but tell me a small example, Maruti inside Pump Kharkhoda is like this, now another letter has gone out from the government that you will not come to this thing, no one will tell you that dormitories can be built inside it [  Music] Subscribed: Normal at home, one should be rich and young, very well, but the people who thought that it should be ours, should be according to that. You have to know the rules and regulations, where it is happening, what do you have to do with it, you are investing Rs 5000 thousand crores, the big businessmen of these big international players have done these things for them, is it somewhere like this?  You may have made some notes while standing on the stage and it may be true, wealth may also be created in it, it may happen in 5-10 years, I am not having dinner, I did not say that it is wrong everywhere and this is how it happens, it is also right.  But that is not the place for normal retail, go to the low hanging fruit, you go only to that place where you see things happening in one year, one and a half year, two years, hotels have started, the period till 2019 is over.  The lowest price was marked on the box, after that it kept on increasing. Before that, people were tired of not knowing when it would be made, when it would be made, whatever it is, entered in 11 12 13. He entered in 14th, there was a lot of stagnation, so what is the sequence of the timing, now many people have spread very fast, even after waiting, people were still saying, let's go to Twenty, this will become 21st, gone in 2222.  Even if you are saying that not even one will be made, a copy will be made by the time it is made, now it is paste, so you see the products that are being made, the money is kept, the efforts are kept, the world is making it.  There are some delays inside as well, so by the time it becomes so many years, whatever is on the announcement stage, please vote for those things, subscribe for the sentiment, don't want to do the latest, which will be nothing for us, any of our No, we will not do anything, if we can't do anything then they will all come from it, not all things work out, some do, but even with an investment horizon of 15 years, a normal retail investor cannot act normally.  The detail tractor should not be wasted for three to four years and should not be converted into something which has no full guarantee even in three to four years as to what will happen if it comes into circulation. What other projects of this type have you faced in the market?  In Pizza, all this was told that it will happen, it is fine as soon as it was told that IT Park will come, IT Park has become stylish, link companies, no one, do you know any such place, you are fine in Haryana only, so night and that place also today.  its name is it park  But there is nothing to do with any IIT, okay, there are bigger ones too, in the meantime, we need to call it, but not such companies, so in this way, the topic of this matter should become subscribe information so that the people know that the youth are in any  No single party has announced the airport in Agra, even if you have noted that the airport in Agra is nearby, then what would be the use of a Yamuna Expressway, people were saying then.  So people will make a joint in Agra, make this hole, this Ram Mangha would have landed directly in Agra and now why are you making the report, you should have made the report first, this does not mean one thing to you, it will make it in Hisar and not make the report, it is something only I think.  That Bigg Boss Karnavati was Vidod, if the money comes, I will do this, you will do this, if someone has done this, now you have to ask, if it was yours, if you don't do this, then this has happened, so now I don't spend it, it means it is half in the water.  subscribe school And everything around the airport will become expensive. The airport is an airport. Hey Reported Nuisance House. Vasant Kunj People whose village Vasant Kunj gets employment every 5 minutes please ask him how he feels. Has he got used to the songs? No, how would he feel?  If it happens then please do comment. Thank you.