Hello friends, today's topic is the three fears of customers about home virus. Which of these shares are troubling you? You can tell in the comment section and some efforts will be made to address these fears. The first affair is this project that I am taking, it will be made.  Will it be built on time, brother? Secondly, will it be built but its construction quality will be fine. Brother, this is the fear. Thirdly, if I buy this now, I will get a better and cheaper project than this in the near future.  I will wait for a while, it will be fine, these three 2017, which of these three stars do you like in the three weeks, first, second, third, please write in the comment section, first try to rest, if it was near a place like Greater Noida and some projects.  In other places, not only did someone find out that no one did anything to make a project, but when someone went to jail, the system was like this, if you do money here, then you can do it here.  I had this money and when booking was done, it became that and then this system kept running like passing the parcel, in that, when the length would be too big, the price would go down and the interest rates would go up, if there would be a change in the government etc. then the music would stop.  So if the goods are not shown then how will it be built then ji shot dead so 200 300 people had taken 400, their money went here let's run it here if this one is gone then all those builders know the weakness. From Amrapali to Unitech to what is this story, purity, we know all that, now that cannot happen. After the arrival of RERA, there is a provision in RERA for escrow account where the builder has to keep the money of the project at 70 cents and he has to show the construction.  How much did the project win? Just like you have different towers, they are also kept in different ways and if you have a tower named Crust, then the money of Crush Tower is going into its account, it is in Pinnacle.  No, you can transfer the money. If there is any other tower, it would be better to own it, then there is a very strict rule. The builder cannot withdraw the money and run away to any other project of his, then read the escrow account. Read what has come to me. Many people, many people.  They don't say that even those projects are registered on the hand side in the exam, nothing can be done about their money. The program that was supposed to be done has been done, so after coming, this safety filter has been put in the projects that are in the second project.  become  Let me take a second and tell you something to reduce your fear, the project is built only then the builder gets the money. If you are taking the job with complete construction linked plan, then it is not theirs. If the project is sold, now taking money just by building it will make it yours.  So now the projects are being built very quickly, history is about to be created in Sector-8, according to me, so many levers are working that 2425 people are working day and night in the project, so these are the times that were there earlier and these are now.  No, this distance is accessibility. Coming to the second thing, how will be the construction quality on fear? The customers have been very auspicious about the construction quality. This fear always haunts the customers. Now you have understood that Madhavan is equivalent to a hallmark and things in this  The big old issues and old sins will not be there but apart from that we also have to go to the brand and physically go and see for ourselves how it feels and then the same thing that if not you have faith in this thing.  Okay, it is being built well, it will be built, so don't buy it. When it is built, buy it after four years of construction, but the thing is that the rates will increase, everyone knows that every person who goes to Bal Clarity today does not want to pay the end payment money. Roads will be built, malls will come up, schools will come up, hospitals will come up, they will be built of good quality, there will be no issues for four years, then when you go to your place, what is that rate, you have to see what is your salary which is increasing at 5, 6, 7 cents.  Is that property there? You have to see how much is its high base and how much will it increase, then you have to calculate whether it will double price you or outprice many people who were buying AC 2 last year.  Like I used to say, I could fold the tire, that is, what I used to say a year ago to this broken Arjun Properties, it used to come 120 125 110 this is fine and Deendayal Wali 1617 Relax  Now Deendayal wali, touch your hand, if this one does 1.5, then those people will keep thinking that their budget was only one in 1958 and with great difficulty they could reach 120 by doing some jumping and jumping, now they cannot reach 150, Bihar.  To settle down for AC three, so my third point for you guys is that what you customers are looking for in the market, will something like this come in the future which will be cheaper than what it is today?  The joint will be better, it will be big, then the answer is no what ever, properties will come and take the example of Gurgaon market, now whatever aapka aayega, mostly masala will come from ud Deen Dayal and Deen Dayal's rate, you catch Vansh Yaar's price, if you want Dwarka.  There is a good place near the expressway and the cost of going there is 1.25 crores and there is a forest in New Garhwali side also.  Will touch crore and if the smaller one will be of 2.5 inch type, then the one which used to be 1617 lucky a few days ago, now on his 823 light, if that too is pot, then Deendayal head to BHK 2.5, then I said intensity ₹ 2, 3.5 inch which will be  Sell ​​that deposit 1cr already in new gurgaon already so do n't think that whoever comes forward will get this prize  Let me tell them right now that the brightness will not decrease, the prices are going to increase, someone will install a little AC, someone will install less AC, someone will install a model kitchen, someone will not install it, the marketing of Rs 24 lakh will continue, but the high price that I am telling is  This will remain the same, so if you have to take the decision now, then the time is now. If you think about this enclave of these fears, then there will be more loss because if the payment plan is 1090 2822 538, then investing in it is quite a lot for you. Keep the risk calibrated that when the super structure will be ready, then you will have to pay so much money. If you will also check with Affordable Housing that this photo is Election Commission linked and 98% of it is taken to become a superstar, then accordingly in love affairs. You will feel very safe because nowadays a lot of money is taken for the blood they bring, so these are the three things, the fear of all three things has become quite elevated and there is one more fear, now the fourth one.  It was not mentioned in the beginning but it is not there but there was an inclination towards plots, if you return then the rates have increased a lot, so if you want to return then you will ask for some surprise certificate for that, please WhatsApp the plot and you will hear about the actual return.  It feels good that you take the bread, it is only good, it is good, brother, I send it, if everything is on the plot, then it does not come, if the plot is taken, then it does not go, I will make details on this in the next video, I will explain to people that being good and  There are some difficulties in setting up and actually taking it. If you want me to make it, please tell me in the comment section. Please make a video. If the plot is ok, then I will do its NSS that the thing is not bad but what are the difficulties. What are the other benefits of taking it?  Let's see how many are there according to that, so how did you like this video? Please share and for those who have not yet subscribed to the channel, there are many videos on real estate and remaining 6 subjects.  Please subscribe, go to the play list and see, does anyone have any queries on WhatsApp? You gave me the number on which you can call WhatsApp, not call WhatsApp, the message is fine, you can put it in the message, thank you.