And fool friends, today's topic is real estate will do good, this is a statement, I believe in it, it is valid for the next one and a half to two years, the topic of this video is this list will do good, but no one talks about this, go back to Germany, talk.  If you do this, then stock will do well, Odia will do real estate, gold will do well, but as soon as I ask the question for whom, people become confused, something is fine in the beginning.  I will request that if you like this video, you will definitely like it, I do not apologize, subscribe, forward it, otherwise people would do it, then it is in the request room because it is going to be good, so talk about it for a week, this is what I have to say about it. Those who are going to be good, do one thing every day, which gives a different perspective from the radical one, and you tell me how much you will have to fight for this, write in the comment section because it is very important to understand the thing, it has a very quid price.  The wrist of any person will be improved, for this we need to understand who are the players in relation? First is the builder who builds, then there will be many sellers, small and big, very big enemies will turn them off, then third will be you, the buyer, the one who is buying.  Third has become fourth, will you believe that the media giving loan is clear, then your tenant has come who will come to you in the village and finally the song of existing property, who has taken it for granted, then in how many different ways have I put this to the people in variety.  Gave  Now you identify that from you will have to be time is okay I will catch 11 and tell and face you and even if it is not there then update you where development is your body will teach this system what will happen with you So first of all we catch the builder, there is a statement that real estate will do well in the coming time and if the holder is doing it, then what will happen to the printer, then the builders are of different types, small winner list, play market place, big  Yes, big players have scored, this is the benefit, there is consolidation of real estate, which is visible in their share prices, the crowd is India's top 4 5 listed companies, their practice in real estate, you can see that the pink list price for me is SEBI resistance.  Just I am not there yet, so I can't tell by name like this, I have to pick a multi-dimensional one, tell it to anyone who understands, I have to note those of Jhalrapatan, my request is my videos.  Look at these types of people, if your coffee is small for the first time and it is only three to four months, then you will also speak only then it is a file because it will take 20 minutes of life, it is a big thing, it is not necessary that money is everything, it is fifteen-  It will take twenty minutes, squeeze it from the side and find out that if there is an address then better ones will do better, but this shop which was offering special kidney sex answer or withdrawal related to urinary retention, will be closed already YouTube.  But it seems to be happening only that those who sell them, then he had made a tablet for racking disinterested lot since these days, Beniwal carefully made the pattern with love and love for the people of Delhi, so that for you people and you, the pattern was made flat again.  Used to get anything written for seven crores here and in Gurgaon, cigarettes worth three to four crores, heart piercings worth three to four crores and these two to three rupees, if they had to give you commission, it was a lot of fun for you too because you would get more than double the withdrawal and some relief.  quickly  I thought it would be better for you, I thought it would be a good time for you, I will make a video separately from the commercial, I am not the latest, what is happening, I have started something else, in the chat on the community page, subscribe to the poll, I have just posted it, please go and like it.  Please here is the option to vote on us. I will put their findings in the next video. Now it is going to be very interactive. Whatever I do will come, it will come in real time and it will be interactive.  To all the real people, Bacterial Sadhu, you are talking about pimple state, so everything is becoming real, it is yours, if you want to do gravy, you will have to participate, by going to the community, they will nourish you, you will go there and press their pimples.  I will share with you people, you people can see the current, how many people voted, can call, this is a very important thing, he says that you do not think anything in your mind, of the world, hence it is important on this occasion, so this happened.  So any small grocery shop is closed in it. If you want to become a winter please support everyone. It is time to dress. Shubhendu Paper in Sirmaur. You will not make money. So this thing will read your question. Others will come back.  It's a time of trouble and food is about to get worse, so you guys also said that if real estate will do well, then whatever you are selling is on your own basis, if people will come for less than one plate, then it should be good, hence good.  It won't happen because as soon as the honey drops, mother's tasting 15 holidays will think, this is a lot of fun, ok this has come, maybe there was such a big drop till now, otherwise we will eat it with pleasure, so what is that 15 Chinese thing, two lists go on.  If it is your part, Indore, Ujjain, Dhar, some relief, there are settings at this time, the history of the list sellers in the market before, you were not very respected, some were their actions, some system was done, both are fine.  The thing is that people are wearing entry point forward suits, I don't want to disrespect anyone, nor Mallika in the future, but the system has become such that in the US and Canada, Shadow Fight 2 Shadow is known only by conversation, that the system is automated.  The way is to control the eggs by sending this text message, if there are no voters or no one there, to give something for a country, this is mathematically not possible. Over the years, some thinkers  Chandil, he left his job to forget about this state and in that too he earned 45 thousand rupees recently and he would have given you 5 lakhs, so you go with him to do this tree and name brother, you do all this work, no one else.  Make a promise that you can make a promise on the date of your birthday and not that you can earn even a little, if you ever want, a lot of details have been put on this system, especially for those of you who want to work in real estate.  People in 15-25 25 40,000 because the person with whom you are associated is showing the car, in five months then this oil is selling him rich. When the client calls, listen to more than the line, keep showing us further. He is Dronacharya, he is getting the fish. Half Fish people are Amit, so now when he is calling you, take this in the border, follow him, only he will tell you that he is absolutely ready, here I agree, no one will tell you that you have bought 3BHK for your parents.  You will live with your wife and then you have taken a loan and father's money is invested, which is 50-60 boxes, what is retirement and you have taken a loan and if you can live with your wife, then the son will leave the house, forget the matter.  Granted, there is no one to tell this, because if I see someone, then why should I get involved in your personal matter? You need confirmation, everyone thinks it is okay and calls and that is the next one.  Also and absolutely brother of Chitthi, it is absolutely fine, I have to see it next, tell me how to give, I am also selling this thing now, don't do this thing that the youth have heard the playlist of the release, the hair has suffered from those 50 thousand diseases, is n't this love good for them?  And it is good for the rural areas because it keeps confusing them that I will never be able to tell them these things in detail. If you are understanding the same thing then you can write to me in the comment section about this whole Philomena again.  A separate child-second video will be made in which the fault has been highlighted and I have already told you earlier that if customers call this person their enemy then it is not the time of the third district of two things, it is on the time of those who sent the notice, it is their good time if you  Through your property, you can get a good time number first, then you have so much choice in the stars, earlier Meena was a very limited device, you can take this plot or this other thing, if you want, now whatever you want, I have kept the product covered. said among friends  If there are products then you need a lot of choices so that these were the second very good thing which is never before like payment class, they come to your health 2017 25175 3240 come like this, you can get selling property in your life by unmuting it.  Can bring some money also and sure why is it important which ever happened before interest rates of all time people download here so this is a very important and good thing for new customers Affordability of history is this best number of fire shot salary average Indian salary earlier used to be dryer in salary of 887 now will definitely take 6 to 5 years of chilli who would like to buy that in half a century brother was talking about 4 years salary not allowed to celebrate I must have made a video of a graph on the formula used by the date bank people. You guys can watch it so that those who buy paddy will buy it next week. Rent tenant Kaliyuga, if you look at it in the short term, it is a very good time, you have speed because of Eid, you are vacant, tenant issues, the children who used to share earlier, he lives in this room, lives in the phone with two cameras, but has limited time.  It is going on, but how is that liner, that water goes back before the tsunami comes and you think that I will go to the beach, then this is the time, you come and without any attachment, you feel that this fun will go on, let's go like this. Let's go in the next 68 Rashmi will also run the tenants' mosques, so today they are feeling good time but seed 10 lakh children are coming to the Indian market everywhere, there are fast jobs and these jobs are not to be found in the city, not to be found in the villages and they have to get jobs through channels.  If we have to come to the city to search, then if this is the man, we will kick him in Gurgaon, if he goes to Jammu to discuss, then Shukra Mirza has come out of our side after washing and the same thing will be called paste.  If you say whatever is the taste of the nearest good city, people will run away within the shopping meter, then tell this story of when he stole the fare, in a few days, as if the grudge gets better, then he will click and in this, by doing this thing in the work from home of IT sector. Look, keep this thing, it will have to be given because work from home is also not certified and it will not be possible even for five people. Even the idea people will say that if I have a price of 220, then I need it in an already dark office, but this.  If you have to do it for three to four days in seven days, then it will be like in the same city and whatever will help, only the lover project Renu, money, whatever is visible, will move forward, you will sit in your sonal and apply egg white mask that means you can become like *  When Hindu brothers and sisters can pressure that I alone should get some work done, then it seems good to the tenants and it will take a week but it is up to them to revise what happened, they can take something now because when you are engaged in the job then it is up to them. Behind are the employed people who have bought property on tech intensive basis, they should take a generation to enjoy the property rates in the coming years because the generation which is of 16, 17, 18, 19, 20 years of age is coming and going in the job market.  You really won't be able to do the cycle that is going on, that's why I cry again and again, brother, don't go to your commercial, your boy or girl in your family needs a house and get it today because to make it.  I can also come up with 4 5 6 and in that as long as he sacrifices and for that and if he has done very good and you don't want the money very much that you do n't want to put it on rent then it will remain different Most Likely Chances are less, it is very good Will it do a lot of harm or will it be a mere inch of work, but if the child has his own house then what is the most Maithili, he will live with you in your city, many people write to me in the comments, this is not what we need for our children. had to do it shows  Bhaiya is like this, whoever has some family and true people, he does not care about all of them, whether he is very good from below or he has lost so much of his money that he does not want to do it, then he takes this line.  There will be a father who will open his mouth to his son and daughter today and say that I did not care about commercial matters, my mother also got a property attack, I lost it in the share market, I also gave it to your grandmother, I invested money in the account, later I invested so much of my money in it.  my purest of food and drink I kept serving his wife that happiness on my face and no one will ever find it and Sita will give this. I did these facts myself, I did so much that they do not even have any effect on relationships. These are all Jubilee systems, it is our job to break them.  Okay, if you like it or not, you can put it in my comment section. Don't break it because it will bring our country forward. You, the head of the family, after the birth of a half-baked child, do not use your amino energy.  don't give birth if you can  Do this in such a way that if a child wants to be born to someone else in such an invitation card, forgive such an invitation card and in a bad situation, if you want to do what your parents do for your brothers and sisters in the family in 1978, without any requirement or greed, throughout your life.  Do you have or do you not know which relatives you have to meet? Limit in emotional last, so many marriages break, which festival of Malik is celebrated in these affairs because this real estate is you and me.  If I keep making mistakes again and again, then stay in this semester's pimples family. Relationships and this peace in this link. If you guys are understanding what I am saying, then definitely write in my comment section. I am writing, I will fry it for 15 minutes, I am doing fine like this.  So definitely write along and I will make this a topic of discussion in different ways and also go on topics because there are many other YouTube channels and people will get attracted towards it. They have been doing this much with Samiti Sangwan for many years. Will give and that year will be over, then this friend's feeling is born that I remember it every day when you are on the line, everyone will be content, life will come out with original content, 10-Janpath will come out, someone will come out to help you, someone will give you clarity.  If it turns out that if you are a tenant then do n't be happy that you have more days on rent because the interest rate is going in, you get all the tax rebates, this is called yoga, the property becomes pure, more help of your page. Wrote to the people of India that if they stand on their feet, then by talking to you, if my child or I, any human being, can ask for money from his father, then from whom should he ask? Who has the question to ask for money from his father? This is a shame, to visit Goa, to deal with Shiva, to get her a saree, to buy a bathroom with a valve in the blender, to buy a house for her safety, in which her grandchildren will not be able to come.  Respect, I say leave the parents, mother and father are there, you should be ashamed even with your breath, Goddess, the money is gone, but if the property people ask for blood, tell me, your daughter, I am keeping the plan well and if marriage  Surprised if good collision is fine and the second thing is that the property is also in the name of your daughter, man, it is not that it is in my name, these facts have to be completed, complete the table today, I had to differentiate through this video below.  money from older generation Don't extract in asking, you will get blessings and it is like if I am taking 50% of your thing, then I too am far away from you, I am one of the five, so bless me, it is God's money, even if you want to take S8 totka, then whatever amount you wanted to give, that thing collapsed.  Do the powers that be, coordination between you, 20%, no one should be able to speculate, BJP becomes difficult as soon as she leaves, rest of the time is honey, it will be made in 3-4 years, salary will increase, like age, take any mark, people do not understand this. What is it called then brother, your parents and Sanso are of no use, then who are they? So do you think that in the murder case, it was the tenant or half of the administrators who got the existing property, insisted property balance, for how long have you been feeling bad that you Understand the negative from here and if there is a problem in the deep valleys, tell in WhatsApp, burst the existing dust, like it, because if you do, then the flight attendants had given you the same amount of Rs. 10 lakhs which you never got.  If a walnut is worth Rs 125 then it is the bridge of the same so that you cannot sell it while wearing it and you are thinking that whenever you go to remove the flag and want to sell it, if something good has gone then it is August 15th which is saying that the property is the same.  Well friend 3235 is going, so who could have gone, music set at 30-35 after hours is comfortable but these people have hatched a conspiracy and if you don't understand then you  He has to see that his property is becoming a black-yellow taxi bus. I will come outside but once it is a debit cycle of 10 to 12 years, he will go there. It had happened once that if he goes to the society report, then the sound of drinking will be heard.  Even if it goes after 5 years, five MPs were not bought because as many as there are heaps of people there, there were 'want people to any citizen', when everyone accepts that then they give and unless there is a particular percentage, buildings, society, readers' butt.  I can go and those people say no, we will do our school length after leaving, in the system, the one brother who has to take the old festival on 20th says it will be broken for six years, will be broken and will get two only.  And after that you get prostate then it breaks in the license off I saw the computer if you try then there is not much problem in three brothers then what ever death date is related to property then if I will eat in the society then side activities  That she will get together somehow, then there will be petitions in the city [Music] that if I get this much, then I am the one who will declare that the private will call it Gachhak Mail Ko 1 liter milk lena hai work made in India will also be seen in North India  Has been done in Mumbai and Kolkata, Bhagya Rekha will come Teacher Aware of this People Should You Really Want to be Broken Showpieces Method like it's our own Whatever I have covered so far, you can get immersed in it that  You can add it to the urn at the time of Aarti. If I give you anything for the destruction of Muslims, what am I? Type this four apple fader eyes. I will make a webinar on this topic in two to two and a half hours only on this side effect of charity. According to me, audio property, why are many people saying this, because surely when it is related, then photo property, pani jo maree property, they will also be proved because they also have fashion interest, if it did not seem like anything, then it is for the public.  also very good  The thing is, this was to be covered at the age, I have forgotten, so tell me right now, yes, in the matter of positive property, put them in the circle, they are there to please the airport, nothing was found, shop thing, Rs.20 interest for Rs.125,125,105, beautiful food.  That this is my country, you are very their father, it is not possible but mostly it has happened to everyone, if what a wonderful project, what a wonderful location to make, but that of the location object.  Now it is going viral, I have taken it as my own, so when both of them are supporters on it and after importing your property, they are crying that I was in tension with their people, many people have accepted my words, very happy and many people have not accepted it.  Kun didn't even know about this, till now I pay attention to this only if you stay in between because everyone will be able to understand the logic of whatever I talk, everyone will understand that logic. then what  Ray Tikuli is found, so the first thing was to be interesting, for this I was saying that the waves are against the property, so this kind of system is there, the decision meeting is there, it is a very extremely great location, so in doing this, I used their location.  You will eat a very big roti but this is a matter of discussion which is your second plant. Had you ever bought only one floor, damaged hair, two floors drive differential is still there, now you will get Sweet Plus and after doing this, the person among the builders will not sell it himself.  If the child's yoga form is electronic, then one is this situation and the other session is that the children themselves are doing a good business. Now that date does not go to the mosque because the daughter-in- law will give me my requests. I have to voice my request to the husband on the basis of my father. We will break it down separately and if we click on it, then in that very day itself, Zohra will discuss with whom Kohli is going to be very good with him but it is definitely going to be very good to see that in the actual situation, there will be paste ready TV in the form of discus. Such a situation came in my actual married life and I crushed this paste and said that I did it and how I am torn from that family, this one has Nirguna, it should be a super hit, how did you like this video, please tell me that this is what I have written on the paper.  This explains how to have true love for someone even if you have a good real estate. If nothing good is happening with you, then if you want to get something good done for you, then you will make a good list to get carried away in the feeling that one can keep any thing.  So Now like gold, the rate of gold will increase, it is good for the buyer if he collects it, but if he is a jeweler, it is difficult to sit within the very high limit, but if it becomes too expensive, he will ask, then all these things are not so much, even after deleting them, it is good for everyone.  By making a statement, what is the benefit of this and what will it do? Stock market will do very well. Sensex went to 50 Rajput, but your staff is big, so what benefit did you get? This is that Bigg Boss has done well in the stock market in the areas where he has earned his respect.  The mutual fund which has the most importance is not the same for you and the other one is not yours, neither is it Bitcoin very good and you go to your home or you have pressed everything, then any access class, any investment, only one tells from this that  You have done a good job, you are also spot mom, you are also fast, that is why these reports come out that real estate in India is not protecting it but is spoiling it. This has to be done in Delhi-NCR. Thank God Bhoomi, you just sit with a pinch of salt and look at it.  We are fixing it, I am pressed, I have been able to send a central message on my phone, you can know that on my tablet 21, Hi, please, if you have not yet subscribed the channel, then subscribe now Vinod Dixit, press the bell notification all  Whatever access you have through Baat, it will go to your mobile in real time, the pending balance will also remain there, there will be no point in going there after 15 days, then listen till Valuation Chowk.  please don't forget me thank you