Hello friends, there was a demand for today's topic for a long time, so I have brought this topic today. This is a big scam in the making on commercial property. I am using the camp at this level that wherever any fraudulent activity is taking place, someone  The stories are going crazy and the common man's money will be lost. It comes within the scan only, so today I will cover this topic. The video may be a little long within many sub-topics, but if you want 8090 likes and 2.5 crores.  If you want to put it then the senior is the Times and how to do the development. There are reasons why no one is seeing the clarity right now. So I will cover it. First thing I will cover us. Why is the attraction of the commercial? Second thing I will cover is who are selling this. Thirdly, I will cover who are the buyers? Fourthly, I will cover what kind of commercials are there. Fifthly, I will cover that theft is the planet, hence I will cover this thing, Gurgaon market and seventhly, I will cover some examples.  I will wake up the customers by giving them examples of mathematics. I believe that even after a lot of things will be told, if there is any more faculty left, then I will make more videos. Nowadays, I have started doing live sessions every day at 12:00. You can listen to me.  You can come on YouTube channel, there will be some great topic, you can add this, you can ask on phone, there can be more questions and answers, so first of all, why is there attraction of commercial, then on social media, in the newspaper in its sunshine.  in its glory That it is popular on YouTube, is spread everywhere and is so much spread that its attractive returns, skin option returns, assured returns, cents in operations, feeding, bullying, etc. on 24 hours have covered everything, the market space has been covered and  Secondly, who are these sellers? Yes, the sellers are some high level people, this is not just a matter of normal small brokers, this is an agency which will add you to this big group, all this is ok all. Nowadays, people are not able to get salary from the land, but I have actually gone there about a year and a half ago, very many people have bought it and there is a superstition among you people, there is a smell in the environment, there is a smell of coffee.  Aroma is English textile and the issue becomes that and Vaastu Yadav special lecture displayed on display in the Islamic, all are ridiculous plans, tell me the plants you have, the man says you are of choice.  So this psychology is the strongest, ABCD 2 is the residence of the person, if it is done then he will think that the whole program is ruined, so he should take from it, he is going to be thanked by the program and he has three proofs in his BBC.  Will be useless and will look very attractive and the brothers have to choose to decorate and that too Shahrukh Set Marketing, you can do as much psychology side as possible, do emotional things, everything is applicable in it and so many  If 100 people get trapped in this, then the third thing that can be done is that you have to understand who are the buyers and the sellers, in which the incentives are very high, the money is coming in very little, and many people, you can make the video six-eight months in advance. And the man thinks, come on friend, why did you do anything to anyone, if you don't watch it then friends are also made to subscribe, when you subscribe, you can tell it to another person, then on this issue, who has not subscribed to the channel yet.  Please subscribe, I also have videos, you can watch different topics by going to the play list, mine is on God, so please subscribe, those who have not done so, please do so, press the notification and like, incentives go a lot.  To reach commercial, it is seven eight nine ten times more than the normal retention, where there is a game of one and a quarter to one percent, in residential there is a lot of game here.  The incentive is that you are getting a lot of money for selling, the margin is very high, we will calculate it further, I will tell you, even then so many people have told the story, where do you go, send the 10th slide, see your life in a commercial, so in that it is Modi to  If you look at those selling this, you will say that if you click on the question paper, then you can't invite for traveling also because of slaves, then there is fraud because it is already going on in this.  Now, if you have not told the truth, when will you tell the truth? Okay, then this is the time. Many questions were coming from many different types of people, that is why I am telling this to such an emotional person because there are many mothers and sisters who have got money. There will be some unfortunate comments.  And due to their unfortunate event, many people will take away their money like vultures, hence I have to take it, otherwise I have to take it too, and tell me the truth, I also have nothing to do with it, I need Rs. 1.5 thousand in the society and every  One thing for me is that there is no need to go and enter, a man can fold, but for you, some such incidents have happened in the last two 45 days in which I felt that brother, I have to tell you this now, otherwise I will suffer a lot of loss.  It will happen that some rich person may lose his money because of such cases which are coming, hence I am forced to make it if I don't want to kick the stomach of any seller. It is a community, it is not me on that community.  Strike  I want to kick you in the stomach but one thing is important that the truth has to come out, so that truth is coming. It may take you a long time to watch the video till the end but if you have to join, then I have told you in this sentence that it is a marketing mantra.  There is a mantra to attract everything, so it will attract you, like a suicide paper, rats move behind, and there is the Sun, you will get it, we will discuss, now we will come, who is going to buy, first of all, you may get money through inheritance, unfortunately.  they're  Once you get the money, the advisor should tell you that it will be taken at nine percent per week. Repacking will be reduced in the period, so at 45 cents you will get it. He is promising you when this is the big thing. I want to say the bottom line is that at five percent is not the money earned in it.  Eighty five percent of which was earned is not there, father got less, father gave a speed somewhere, your brothers got settled and you got the money, did Big Ya get any compensation?  There will also be such a story that you have got it done through sweat, then how can it be like eighty-five percent, how can cents remain at 45? Those who want to play the story even by taking a loan, but we will go with the fat one, okay, there are some people who do not consider themselves willing.  And here in the US they think that we have earned so much salary, now we will invest here and that too at 10-15 percent or 10-12 cents, that too is their own earned money.  So I want to tell you that this money is a dream of a normal person and those who are the ones who ask and also have a mixed sense of gratitude. Yes, you are investment commercial because it is not money earned from within, so they feel less afraid. They are very attracted to 968.  More 12% 14 And he tells the story that the next one from Okay, so these six are programs for both the seller and the buyer and the commercial makes me lose money, right?  Yes, I don't go to the government, they will say, why did you put your food in commercial? When something goes wrong in residential, it is either the society or he is a common man, he has a roof, the court also takes pity on Rakhi, all your tantra mantra.  It seems that to help the common man, whatever the government has made by setting up Amrapali in Greater Noida, it gives something to anyone, because Khanna's government is as angry as you are. In residential, in commercial, someone is going to hold your finger and secondly, in commercial, whatever money is spent is also used because who took from the mine, how and what was taken, I am wise on that, I will not suppress the discussion, now come sir, how.  This is a commercial. You understand the commercial, there are monks who used to be old but now they have become less. I will give you the example of Gurgaon. You have to see the story of your city. This video is about laptop cities respectively, so this is These are applicable for my small cities. Right now, about the top cities which are the micro micro micro market of small cities. Okay, so you have to see what kind of commercial are there. Talking about big cities, good night for the new ones in NCR.  If you are talking about that kind of thing then there is a Moti Mall, then the mall started beating its chest because there were a lot of audits inside it, the cost of AC and showing maintenance alarm started getting reduced, earlier people used to go and meet boys and girls, they used to meet at shooting spots. Boys and girls live together, I have made a video earlier also on commercial, in that video the discussion is about not quitting, keeping aside hours, not keeping time in the repetitive contact list, so that when you people do not waste time, then that is Bigg Boss, so I am talking about this.  I will give it in the link, you guys can see, those returns were tow but now the question is that if everyone knows about the models, then by doing a high speed retail and removing any thing, it is the concept of a point country outside America. Again and again you removed the high-spirited shops, after that the talks about society shops and slow societies are clearly very good. The society has got its photo made of these cream apartments, but on this also many people said that I am not feeling well.  If you do n't understand the meaning of originality, then you want to understand high spirit and high-speed, then you are speaking without understanding the society shop cream of that society and take double key, after that, this work is going on, nowadays your office page is office space, then  The virtual office page in the office is that air  I am also selling that you have so many square feet, you have so many units, many people will come there, there is an office space, then the question on warehousing, nothing has come yet but that is one, that too is going on, the story is khichdi, that too is arrogance but it is hidden.  This is a test thing for the public tour, they came up with a plot and then a blot and gave a bunch of commercials, so these are almost simultaneous projects, these are different types of commercials which are sold to you people in these A story is told behind each story. In the chief commercial, there is money in the rent. So look at your relation in the commercial. Brother, you want to invest. What will you get in Radiance? I am happy that you will get three percent in the commercial. Nine percent is 8686 so small.  Together, these six people who speak the shortest seem to be some decent people, if they say this, then normally the public will decide, they will take adversaries, zip release date used to be of Pims. Took 24000 as his favorite from you and see the return of 12 cents to you, he would have given 84000 in 2 years, he would not have even given the order, if you have gone to the post of Malo Devi, then now you have got the education of 1972, is that the money of your mixed friends? Taking back the feeling that we are giving you, the question is whether anyone has told about Delhi Zone level, how much commercial is coming and how much is required, is there any calculation, is there any template?  Is he the person who is talking about this? You can check. Till now in 2019, 20 and 21, I am taking the example of Gurgaon. In the comment section of the people can't give, there are more new launches in residential in this year than in the square feet of commercial platforms. I am talking about soft, commercial, do you know what is the rate and what are the requirements? Hello friends, 55 Swift.  There is a shop of Rs. 13, 2010, I have got 130 leave in it, but they say that it is Rs. 255, then its rates are commercial, defeated CIDC, I don't know how many tax accounts are there in it and at what rate is that thing available, but now people are not there, I  How many rupees have I taken on Dwarka Expressway, how many rupees have I taken in this nine sectors, that many chip points are also increasing, this is a pool party which never ends.  And who will not be able to get the spoon without flowers, who took it in the school, took it in it and it will fall, now why people will not need commercial, there is a lot of chip, it has space and according to me, the supply is at least five times in Gurgaon.  I am talking about calculations and you will get scared in a lot of debate and I will explain to you all the template formula things, then you will also say no, there are five ideas, if it goes four times, then that much is more and after that you will have to  Yamma Yamma, where will we get the room, when we will give you a position but the one who is backward, he says, I gave it to you, I had to give you nine percent, so I gave it, now you have got it on gas, now you see, now the mechanic had called him Prince but there was something wrong with Amy.  If he is not taking it, then he has cheated you. But the first thing is that you are not even pregnant, the welfare gets delayed because ultimately the basic human food, clothing and shelter is not satisfying you. Taking an example, I am telling you that there is a role in Gurgaon that there is a lot of traffic coming here in the sectors which connect them, that road, see the latest plan of NDA on that road, all of which have been pasted on that road next9 Dwarka Express.  But let's clarify that is a different road, there is commercial on that road because Dwarka Express, if you know what it is, that commercial is being built on that road, there are some excellent builders, they can make a lot of things.  There are many of them in this cream and all this keeps going on, they have removed more thick material from it, their delivery is this year but please brothers and sisters of the agenda, go and see the plan, we are grading it inside, secrete it, go to Uturn and take it. You will have to go from NH8 and there is an elevated road above it, there are flowers, so that your waist is full, when you took the health story, you told the story that this will come in front of your shop, you will come to know about it and it will be made then on points. You have to see how many people come and go, and till now there are no people there and many of them had taken delivery in 1098 Town 3 years ago, four years ago this year and this is their delivery now.  Those people have to give another ninety percent and just remain happy, then it is the creation of the mother, because what will happen, the supply will be reduced to such an extent that it will come in the market and as many people are not believing in me, I am saying that many can say, then they are demanding.  me me you People are very fond of this simple test. You must have been asking for a commercial, who wants to do a video song. You must be aware of many people in which you have given that select five people from your known friend circle or three people. Yes, you tell them brother, no for the win, but he tried selling it, even today it is worth ₹ 100. Had bought it 2 years ago, so sell it for fennel and show if there is any buyer, I am saying 9080.  Show it by selling it for Rs. 75 and then they will say no, it is not made yet, it is not going to be made in India, it is not going to be available in six months, there is a thing available for Rs. 75, so someone should be ready to buy it in the market. This is that cigarette thing which was made in 6 months, check it yourself, there is a Galleria market of DLF, give its example, sir, stick it saying that it is very hot, you will see in 10 minutes.  There is a hit and the benefits and disadvantages of getting hit are the effects of four cloves and the time that seven eight teams should go into the interaction is that the market was like this, the people were like this, the location was like this, the quote was like this, the junction was like this, and in that there was first more advantage and  Reduce till 285, that thing is your ten percent success rate, so brothers and sisters, if you were a retail person then it is a party worth 6000 crores, right? You have to buy a game worth 5 10 20 crores.  There is no problem, you only got 250-300 crores, it was fine in the calculations, if you want to take risk in this, then I am sorry to use the system stupidity, please do not do this, it will not save the pain of any soul, neither will the soul that has gone there.  She was found in the property and was found by great luck. Please don't do it like this. I will tell you more details later. If people understand it then it is ok. This is an example in my second video.  I will tell you by taking templates, if you want it, then you can set it as part one, I will make it part-2, in which I will calculate and tell you how many shops should be there in a society and what should be its formula and how I came to use it.  But I have opened the doors of my pet consultancy four or five times, these are the things that I tell when the data reaches me and other people think that they go 'big Mr.', so today I have because I have had three to four such cases in the last four-five days. Ladies' people were ahead that Bhai Saheb, this is what happened to us, he went away, we put such money, Bhai Saheb said yes, so he wanted to take your opinion, so what should I tell from inside, I have a lot of incentives, when the goat itself is about to be slaughtered,  Please give me the alarm, it is okay on that and it means it is not being given to you, okay, so the incentives are so much, what is the percentage of the marketing cost of Marjan sites because it is all foam, yes, it is Rahu, it is from astrology.  Everyone knows all the airbaazi, this portal is airbaazi, there is an answer in the commercial, Gurgaon's commercial, don't buy anything somewhere, if you can understand, it is a defeated airbaazi, this is another impending launch of Reliance, in this page you will change the loop, slow your knees.  Crying is running bloody, even in the morning, it has to be done together, the country has to make settings, people have savings, sometimes it is down to Delhi, anyway, 10 days have already passed. Audio  Take a peek into the story in the wall itself, it is destroyed and now the environment is like who has to go and where to do shopping. You can imagine that all the buttons have been pressed, everything comes to the house, no one has been forced to go to any place and by means of passing time, the auditor has informed the people.  I do n't want to roam much, now he said, okay, I won't watch a movie, if I come to argue, you can ask as many counter questions as I want, you can ask as many counter questions as you want, put them in the comment section, maybe I can also give a like to this and share it.  So that people can connect on the topic and ask specific questions, I have told the basic thing that it will remain illegal, it is one of the weapons of wealth and destruction of wealth, it has become a weapon to destroy, a better feature option than this is to play the game, buy tickets of Mahalakshmi Bumper Nagaland Government.  There are a lot of other works like this Bitcoin Shift Sonia, it is better to do that because when you laugh in this, you have nothing in your hand, wear this yours. Real Estate Retention is good, you are the party there, whatever you see, I will make a separate second third fourth on it, if you people did not understand it completely, but I just told you, there is a following sentence in it and no, it is not less, which is tied 65.  He is pouring it, he is not feeling pain, the story is being told, you do not get anything in your hand, take liquor there, the birds will not speak basic, this is the condition of many malls and places.  No one gives the example of a house. 1015 Judicial names, then sorry, commercial names. You want to hear. I will tell you where nothing happened, then I will tell the story there. These are not open to the outside. 100 Search the doors within yourself. Everyone has youth who sit in the market.  Those who sell SIMs, those who explain stories, they have all the answers, but I have questions for which they do not have answers. I have answers to those questions, so they are in the second, third, fourth order.  Go to schemes, setting, stop thinking, ask questions, ask sustainability, don't feel happy in the elephant's money which they send back after seeing you, take ₹100 from you, rs.20, rs.30, ₹40, see you and give a lollipop of twenty rupees discount on it.  Look, we give you unlimited pasting things, don't you guys think that this will also be discussed in the office of virtual space, the video will be long, I am handling one thing, if you want, I can make one on virtual space.  I can make it in the office and I will make it on secrets and after calculating each one I will tell you that whoever invests money in the share market, we will have the idea of ​​team by receiving and the real Yahoo ad is meaning growth pack and there is one, those who will know that.  There is something by commenting, there is feedback, there is castor oil, there is digit, there is retaliate, I will teach you in the emerging formula, but in this starter video, like it is called starter tractor, in this I have made the syllabus different.  If you are okay with it then I will share it with all the people who like it and on the basis of the comments, I will be promoted but I have to enter it with a warning that if anyone is luring all the ladies then look at the ladies, it is a man.  If your money sinks and that and Kamal is one, then there is no problem, then that money is everyone's choice, but where there is no man, for some reason, there is more money and then there are advisors, this is dominance, this is our seven, eight, ten.  In the matter of 12%, they will give your big 65 rupees. This will have a great impact on your children. The departed soul will also be sad, so please go to this. How did you like the video? Please tell. Thank you.