Hello friends, today on the topics of investor awareness on real estate, I have come with the word in city and loading, my video was about carpet area, on that I had understood the carpet area very well, loading, you have to understand how many things.  If you were told and did not get it, then it means super area - which is your carpet area. Now we can have super area loading. According to Iraq, it cannot be more than thirty percent right now. So if someone tells you, we are only loading the roading.  If 39% is 29.58 then it is not a great thing at all, you are legally compelled to charge only this much loading, earlier there was a lot of loading, second thing like carpet area thing, I have explained it well, which is only carpet area, it should not be included in the loading.  You have to add balcony area. The balcony area is not accounted for in the carpet area, but the practical work is done by joining the patria and the loading point only. So only those who are crazy about the inside and do not account for the balcony should stay away.  If you see then the loading will be 3738 persons but after installing the balcony it has to be less than thirty. Please all of you check this thing. The second thing comes density. Density is a bit tricky thing. Firstly, density is simple density, how many? Foot Parikkar ok so if the builder says I have 60701 lite then you do it like high, do this 15 then do it with 715. Nifty-50 is also a very important thing, if you are extracting the project after reading, like if there is no product in the product then only one particular power remains then subscribe, if the names of the towers are also changed then it seems that the product is a complete product.  So within that, if you subscribe to other customers, what is the new project, then that is also a marketing strategy, you have to be aware of it, you have to ask the total, if you set the total, then the total is flat and you don't even know which. Come in part one exam, it will be written on 15, on top of that your number will be written one more and then on top of that there will be lights like 600 600 44600, if anything then divide it by the amount coming in it and you will know how much will come in 15.  If not, then it is mandatory to give it in the draw, but people take 15 rupees for 15 likes and so many flights, but this flat is available to so many readers of this lesson.  Coming now, what will come in so many lessons, okay tell me, it will come according to the total share. Now you have to see, like if there is any transit corridor then the final admit will be different from that, like 3.5 wardrobe touching, like Dwarka Expressway setting, any project will come which will be 200 300.  It will be at a distance of 400 meters only, it will be less than 500, why is that LED not coming because then there will be 3.5 powder and a little hundred meters away from 500, 5 and a half  Minutes have passed and if you have knowledge of it then density norms are different in it. Intensity is one thing and you have to write which is the old seat society of Panchpan sector which is so much that if you look at their website then the number of lights is less and from that flat you  If you divide by one more then the density will seem less to you but for practice they seem very big, its revision is that the number of towers is very high and the height is less, so if today towers are being built with 30 storeys.  24 floors are being built in Purchas Mandir and a flat is being built in one tower, so your numbers and towers are less, there are more plants than the earlier ones, but the physical specific goes to the green space, I get very tired, I want something for a long time, so a  The situation is like this, whenever you have to major in this thing, then when there are new launches, you should increase the density in them, in this way, when you will ask all the patients, but do not do it in the old ones which were straight from the society because they have so many towers.  are and their  There is parking inside the stand, there is no car free zone, so just tell them to take it there in less density and it does not look tasty because it means it is something like if I make eight people stand in a room, one cup of radish here and another one in the favorite banner. In the middle he said that till then I would feel that there is no space in the room and if Baba, if I put people in the room and tell them to stand close to the wall, doing all the arrangements exactly like this, then the space would start getting lost.  In the room or as you can see, there is furniture. If the chairs are changed in a way and one happiness is left in the 65th, then the things which will be in an orderly fashion will be there and you will get more space. So the new projects are as much as  Things are coming good in them too, towers are earning relatively, their height is increasing more, flight overall is also coming in more numbers than before but still they cover the disadvantages.  So I hope you found the question right in this way that your loading cannot be more than thirty percent now. You must see the density. You have to believe that when you come back and the end rates are becoming so expensive then the land cost in that flight.  But what is the square feet? Will be defined back. How much share of land comes if I divide which is my golden question X plus plus Z plus security directly cost of  The benefit by this builder is the cost of constructions, so there is one option in this, the expenses are being reduced, it is fine and the more high rises we build, the more the cost of construction increases per square feet because technology has to be used that way.  There is more trend towards Deendayal than that, builders also listen to the channels, if you can get the rates quickly today, then call that, then extra cost land. If the cost of lights is less but by one, it means I am getting more juice inside the land, then the cost of this one will be more, that loot will be more and even then if the square feet costing is earning as compared to the other one.  If you keep more then you are not getting confused in the commission, let me tell you a simple example of this, you will send it in more expectations and math. If there is a two meter cloth, take out 10 handkerchiefs at one place and 25 handkerchiefs at another place.  If we take it out, then the 25 owners who will take it will be smaller out of the two meters, is n't it right? So according to that, it is rough, it is always important to understand this thing, first of all we have to ask this thing and no one knows this thing, we are in the market.  I am not happy to tell, everyone will tell me which is close to this and which is far from this. By the way, this is also important to know. After knowing all the things, we have to take the things. Please wait for this message. Have not subscribed to the channel yet, please set it.  to do  Switch on platinum membership related and so valid things facilities are available in it including all tree destruction get free access and research mode watch that video