Hello friends, if this is my favorite topic, I can make as many videos on it as I want. The content is too much, I have made many before but I am sure you have brought a little fresh perspective. The question is why I will not let you buy home when you are young.  Look at how many articles on YouTube. Decision is difficult brother, don't buy a house because if you buy a house then who will benefit? Bank will benefit. Vyas will benefit. Who will benefit? Builders will benefit. Who will benefit?  The government will benefit, who will benefit, the property sellers will benefit, who will benefit, this is how the list has been made, okay, I want to ask one thing, is it okay to make as many videos as you can and if you ask the audience to buy all these vehicles, then it is not.  Everyone says that GST is applicable on the vehicle also, it also has to be registered, the powder also goes to the insurance companies, the powder also goes to the bank, the vehicle letter has to be taken there in 5 years, now the car companies also earn money.  When you buy a phone then nothing is said but why does this happen in real estate. Have you ever understood that your real is that if you buy real estate or okay then two things will happen, you will get freedom in 9 to 10 years, the loan of 15 years.  The data is that the loan is taken and repaid in eight to nine years. The loan is always taken for 15 years, it is taken for 20 years but is repaid in eight to nine years. This is the data of the bank itself, you can do your research by Google.  You can do the second thing, as much as you will do these calculations, you will take interest at 68 cents and brothers, currently six and a half episodes are going on, tomorrow it may increase again to 60.75, but tell us the amount of your interest and what do you think for 15, 16, 18 years? Interested, 7 and a half will also remain and will fall in the block. At this time, the second thing is inflation and fare fare, so this drives all the calculations in 2.73.  Let's tell the percentage: Hey brother, the DDA flat of Janakpuri was taken for Rs 3 lakh in 1978, its rent today comes to Rs 4.5 lakh per year, that is 150% rental, it is two and a half percent, I told you about this much, I have to tell everyone after trading. And what is this lipstick problem ? The judge will tell you all this and he also gives knowledge about estate and the insurance that he covers is also no less than anyone. It is what it is, but it is what it is, do the trading, exit, I will get you a firm one, now you will get united in 8 minutes, I get so many queries, Triphala had said that in six months, only one united will be united in 8 minutes.  It is guaranteed that whatever comes into our life, we all will exit from this world and that too is not guaranteed by anyone, the astrologer is telling me, okay, so when you buy real estate, you should buy a real estate with you.  Want To Make Sure That Inheritance Is Such A Good Buy Story You Buy Stocks You Will Not Find A Stark And Share Price You Are The Benefits Of Business Vishu You Should Want To 130 That People Will Keep Getting Paint In Houses This Technology Set Should Not Change  If the technology of painting changes but there will be paint, should I buy the shares of the paint company? Yes, it is okay to buy, this house, city, cement will continue to be built properly and in construction. Cement will continue to be used. Even if Champion Construction comes, no matter what happens. If cement gets shot, can I buy shares of a cement company? Can I buy shares of any bank? Banks will be running in India for many years. Money has been running in banks for many years.  If it goes through, can I buy the shares of the bank? Will it back up and last for 30 years? Should I buy it accordingly? Who tells in the united entry that your jitney dot com is from, wherever it is, do I open a demat account? What do you say by?  Researchers at Risk to Twenty Rupees Flat 272 How to 70% Brother, if I am a good lion and if it is a bad company then why should I buy and I am a good company to buy, if we all sit with 15 15 20 companies then their brokerage will be closed but  If you don't want this, that's why products of the future and option come complete, this is what happens in real estate, take it commercially, take it here. Unite there because we are not made to sit idle. Inability of a person to die in a room for telling minutes has consequences for all the places in the world. We people will talk to anyone without doing anything even for 10, 15, 20 minutes. You will talk to someone on mobile phone. I know how to test this, children have wings, they can think in their mind but cannot talk to anyone, they can watch TV, they can only write, they can only think and eyes and do deep meditation.  If you can't take sleep then the problem is yes-yes improve new generation brother give shoot by properties for the two 8 9 10 years closed setting 36 Golden Age AS but Astrology is thirty six of getting rid of very old brothers Satin gets activated side  You see, all of you boys and guests are guests, if you have a little bit of your own thinking with the help of your father, then there are different systems for boys and girls, they also do it quickly. All the men and as many as they should be, if my husband at the age of 36 seems to be his own, then for them and the husband from within himself, if you are okay with it, then you have to buy a house or if you buy it at the age of 24, 25, 26, 27 years.  If you have taken it till this year, then at the age of 36 you will get freedom because if the house becomes yours, then you can show your eyes to your boss also because the big expense is on rent. Details, now the big thing from above.  All social status in India, from home to North Bank, no one knows your character, people, Mirch and Bhandari ji, you will not be above Jhunjhunwala, do you think this or anyone else is above Jhandwala, if any of you are doing well in the share market, then brother, he is also on the 14th floor.  They are building a house and we are the story of that house. First we bought them four flats in 2014-15 and they bought four flats in 18. Then after taking the last flight a few days ago, the entire building will be theirs.  Then the entire building will be theirs, so the land will be theirs, so they will be building it for some time, but they are also having fun in building it, they are our giants, okay, now Cosmo, Bidi Cigarettes and Network is worth Rs. 1000 crores, so it is that they have stopped the properties.  ok im not saying that but im telling you dare saudi but its from place where you stay address address address address body voodoo like subscribe and today Govinda you don't thing but you are doing this calculation so this is the problem so he does n't give just two lakhs and asking me questions till date made a separate video worth Rs 13 crores if you took it then subscribed then you got three crores per month  If you buy a property of Rs. 01, then its maintenance is coming to Rs. 2000, Rs. 5000, 8000, it will be Rs. 12000, but there are no accidents, but in the mutual fund, one is agreed. Yours is a road mutual fund, the expense ratio in it is poor at 20% and if you have taken it through withholding tax, then due to the trail commission in it, you suffer an additional loss of 1% in the direct one, so approximately Rs. 25 per month.  If you are giving a thousand rupees to that person to keep the loan of one crore rupees for a month, then no one thinks that there is a card in the real estate that is giving you Rs 25000.  There is a delay of Rs 30,000 in one crore, I would have appreciated it, I would have got something every month, if that person turns your one crore into 1911 in the next year, he will still take his Rs 25,000. Novels and Suggesting that the world should not buy mutual funds. You should buy mutual.  Funds stomach butt, this was a comparison, like this I will keep bringing small [ __ ] pressure, my video will become very big, so I  I close the video only, how is the feedback on this, tell me, I have counter 25 reasons to give practical advice, I am Neetu Tikaaye, I am for equity but I have discovered that how we can play asset classes, so what kind of video did you put, please share.  please like thank you very much