What happened is Hello friends MP4 Opinion Start this video you will have a small request all of you for watching this videos my request you should WhatsApp in this order middle tuned in subsequent videos partner you have great knowledge sharing shed in the previous videos 200 please WhatsApp  Videos in vashikaran seconds chat the voice of this request tube opens mallroad and diary in witch you  Write the language of video and period of one month in the same objective increase master anand subject that micromax that war not come in today's topic today's topics rental yield and cash low positive properties no i will be discussing only residential retail segment hind is Record was the most low in town Rental yield Rental is equal to NET is a serious problem  Property in one year in lex add two pieces divided by the position cost of the property again laddu subsidy in return the no matter how to make the same units in 210 no this formula of no consequence property which is uploaded 1527 is the logic explained in the previous Videos Basically from Water Property 225 Wishes Phir Bhi Height Paharii Rest of India Will be destroyed during the current market value addition to take a decision what is twitter twitter properties why not be interested rate in the market currently art at 60.75 60 cents for most of the times as you want justice for more than 7ft 280 ki boat that is  2.5 liters of milk were the value of spring that now this property you have slipped into 2.5 food  Much better and setting on rent in Dost Properties No I would tend to tell that the are only to cancer properties peer which people buy one is the piper salutes and gives per investment the heart for rent in the high rated gbru figures investment per darkness  Another Cutting You Pimple And Properties Third Category Which Assures Properties Not For India Tours Dost Properties You People Like That  I had bought the property in 2008 91011 Bhagirathi Nemus said to me that your brother-in-law has bought it, my uncle's son has bought it, you will also stay bye bye bye, many people have bought space in Greater Noida from the government. All the private employees who were there are not trapped to death. So many government employees are trapped in Greater Noida that 2,000 nine ten eleven twelve. Ricardo syndrome appears in thirteen. Properties with missing out suit come in third degree. Neither you have to live in those properties. I have received a notification regarding boat investment that rental yield is a souvenir vital is loop 450 and 4%. You should not be knowing that.  The properties that were in the stock market are Pharmacist, I am also a College Dividend Chair and this complex is Resorts Paris, so if you think of a property, then a property is in yours.  If it is worth Rs 50 lakh, then the rate of purchase in 20 years should be the same today. That property should be exactly the opposite. For the sauce of shiftiness, I should get clean current. 2.5 likes in any month around 2008. 150 140. If your any ₹ 5000000  The ad for the property at Rs 21,000 is not coming. You should send it to her because she will not appreciate the property due to the validations done in the market.  If any property is speculative and the seller will say a great thing, if the home buyer considers the rate then he is late for the property because transactions are not done daily but what is the pinpoint feedback is the real thing you bittu hai society that he is a society of four or five people.  If you ask then the friend fields plus minus 230 and the same kind of apartment is real because people are giving it to the front every month. You can call your property as a bread. You are not talking about Rs 1 Crore 10 Lakhs, you are not talking about it, there is no rate which a buyer gets in the market, it is read, it is a bit difficult to point NDA rake, but it is very easy to point rank, so if you want to sell a property.  If you want to buy a cheque, then it is nutritious and what else will you take with you? You should buy this money plant from the middle. If you are a seller then you can say up to 23. If you have improved your house a lot then it can be up to 34 for the buyer.  Should be taken till 31 512 Buy Property Credit Mobile Property Mine should be as much as its existing rent of the property which I can find out in half an hour yes by any stumble or people in the society you me  Twenty-20 should be given, if I give more than that then it means I am the owner, because no, if you get it for 18 years or 19 years, it will be fine, even if you get it at the rate of 18-19 years, but it is not available.  If I do n't get that much then it's okay, now what is Mr. Opposite Properties that if I take a loan on a property and take the entire property and it earns me more from the property than the interest I am paying for the year, then for example if the loan is now at every interest rates. Due to the hit of 6.7 600 800, we talk about small property, it is in affordable housing like in Gurgaon, they sell properties worth 22-23 lakhs late.  But the calculations are that if we can set up 125 parks, then if a property worth Rs. 25 lakhs will give me 8 cents per year, then how much rate will I get? Rs. 2 lakhs, if I divide the rent of Rs. 200000 by 12, then approximately Rs. 17,000 patents will come. If I get a rent of Rs. 17 thousand, I will get it.  I am coming by flight with 25 lakhs from 2BHK but don't vote then I am in Mumbai. It is okay if my loan is eight percent.  60.72 and I am getting eight percent rent, 1.3 percent will be positive property and if I take income tax rebate on it, if there is about one percent more down on that loan, then 5.7 percent is going to me and it will be eight percent.  On what can I spend my whole life? If at 6 cents I will come, my six percent also comes, then six percent of 25 lakhs is 1.5 blood on a little paper.  Keep it, I am doing Muslim calculation, a little bit is good, you guys do it with your paper, otherwise it is not good, tell me all the songs, then six percent, if you got Rs 25 lakh, six percent, yes, the date has been crossed, Rs 1.5 lakh, if your property.  If it is coming from a property worth Rs 25 lakh, then that is the rate of Rs 12,000 per month. Is the rate of Rs 12,500 from a property worth Rs 25 lakh or greater?  It is not coming in Noida, it is not coming in Ali, it is not coming in Hindi, it is not coming in Hindi, if you man, the girl said, I am not coming in Bangalore, I am not getting it, it is not coming even in Chennai, in Mumbai, it is 25 lakhs.  I am not even able to find it in the channel, so I am finding the place, you come, contact me for the EP, this is happening, so I will tell you about the native, that is why it is said that the time of structuring of real estate has come, full time.  Negative effect of living in negativity is that the real estate is bad because earlier also I told in the videos that if your pick is not there or you are able to buy then it does not mean that the real estate is bad. You bought 6 shares in the share market at their rates.  If you write below, share market is bad, mutual fund Veritas has given, equity is bad, you should know when you have to contact us in comment, consultation is required for this, whether I am a report consultant in the state, this is  IS SCHEDULED FOR DIFFERENT CITIES WHERE DO MASS TREE IN GURGAON AND SUPER SPECIALTY JOHN DWARKA EXPRESSWAY HOWEVER PATI THI MBBS ALSO IN TOP 6 CITIES SO I WILL GIVE YOU MD TAI WHY WILL I NOT BE ABLE TO GIVE YOU RAI MOTI MOTI THERE SO I WILL GIVE YOU MBBS WALLPAPER PUNE  A in Mohali A in Greater Noida A in Bengaluru A Later Stop in Civil City Will Be Able to Help You In This Not Take Away Your Result  Calculate if this property is going somewhere from 45 then property rates are increasing. If this is going then it is high time that you get out of it. This disease is a mistake of money plant money to investments in equity market. Till when will you wait for it? If it is made with old technology, the location is not central, you do not want to live there, that property was taken because ma'am had said that there should be a roof, everyone took it, so you thank you for your understanding  You have taken it but it is not very well in this you have to explore opportunities so if you do not want to live in a house and the rental is three percent dry coconut or it is coming at two and a quarter then remove the properties on it and maybe  If you want to know about the search operation, if you want to buy a flat worth Rs 50-60 lakh, you can buy two-two and a half feet more and put a Castro sweater on it. I jus connect with me and write in comment section aalmeen udhar happy to help as you want to edit and consultation and manohar ich nominal father the thing which you get for free is never good if accurate something for free in you are the product inverter  Men are not going to tell this in this show market, in the previous video also I had given the energy of Dimple leading a great again and again, so in this WhatsApp video all song.  So Any Query Regarding This Rental Yield And Cash Deposit Positive Properties A This Connect And Rich For The Properties Ki Saugandh Same Principle Quote 60 Department Department Servi Ko Thank You For The Nation Also So This Way You Can Acquire Multiple Properties Always This Opportunity Does Not Get Market  I am getting one in the comments below, call me, ask me, check me by knocking and asking.  There is nothing like this airiness, I have said it, so you see this, find out about them, Jagdish Singh slept hard, when Bigg Boss is not known to anyone, then give me the land, just so in this topic, anybody will want to ask anyone, restore it.  Beam Most Welcome Any Feedback By Watching Channel Because In The Upcoming Videos And Sharing Of Data Points Of Which Youth And Then Of The Last Three Years Degree Research.  With Numbers Will Be Coming Up And Will Keep Creating More Interesting Request That You Like To Subscribe My Channel Thank You