Hello friends, after the immense success of the previous video I had made on IS and UPSC, I had promised a video at the end of that video. Friends, when people gave more than 400 likes, I am making a video on reservation. Reservation touches the topic.  It's normal, people fold, some have become mine and always have to tell a different aspect, have to bring original content, have to give a different perspective, so today we will attempt this topic, how will it be, stay connected till the end.  But I will also tell you my personal opinion. Let's start with that and on reservation. If you get benefit from reservation then it is natural that you will say that there should be reservation and if reservation causes you loss then it is natural that you will say that there should be reservation. Thousands of arguments and counter arguments have been given and we kept discussing so much and kept discussing in this video also and in the end if it comes out that it should not be done or it should be done, then no one can make any basis on the actual ground.  It wo n't make any difference, my MX100 is there to make a difference on the ground and people have experienced the commercial from Gurgaon. See the complete clarity in five videos. It was very cool and told. People benefited a lot, so don't underestimate I am going to tell a fresh perspective. First of all let's discuss that we should understand the reservation, we big people know it, I will try to tell you one thing, you tell whether it was Pratap only or did you not know, then write the address if you knew, don't go back.  If you didn't know, then write down what I am going to tell you in typing and at the same time when you are listening because if I ask you to write something two-three times, then you will get reservation in government jobs for Scheduled Tribes. 7.5 cents at fixed schedule caste, OBC is 15 per cent in non- creamy layer, 27 cents are in EWS, now posted are among the dead, so practically fee is at 9.5 cents, if reservation is then a hefty sixty value.  If it is okay to talk, then we feel that this 40 is now open for generals, this is how people feel and those generals have problem in this, perhaps what I will talk about will increase the problem of many people.  For those who did not know, then 40, which we think in general, is also not 40. Okay, so what used to happen earlier, the seats of the schedules that were expressed 20 years, 30 years, 40 years ago were not filled and the remaining seats were reserved.  Those from general category used to take their entire but what has happened now since the internet has come, there will be a much level playing field, there will be a lot of education, this kind of IAS coaching has become possible and the hard working children who are getting reservation.  There are also those who are also bringing access to these things, what is the result that this reservation is vertical reservation, not horizontal, it is vertical and sometimes even horizontal resolution.  I will discuss that also in our country, when you talk about handicap and in, when we talk about women, then what happens in vertical reservation that we have done this 15.52 jobs but if in the first 40 cents, this was left in the schedule cast.  If a child from Indian sub-continent has come and the number ahead of him is fine, the fund is fine, he got out of the bus by doing such a vertical jump, he has passed over the gunpowder, the boy from Scheduled Tribe, the boy from OBC, the girl is also fine. That quota will not be changed for them, they have come here, this is a big thing, earlier you did not come in the reservation, now you are coming, it is possible that many more may come, brother, the EWS boy who could have fit there.  His numbers are so much ahead that this one from Scheduled Tribe got fit. The one who was supposed to fit in has his numbers so much ahead. So, brothers and sisters, is it possible that three-four people from Scheduled Tribe can come? 24 Scheduled Caste people can come. 4 5 6 OBC.  If those people come and two-three people belonging to poverty line come, then they can fill 1520 rupees even in 40 rupees. So the cool thing which was there will be further reduced, so if we take the discussion further, it is okay.  So, what future do I see for government jobs? After 10 years, if the government or political parties, its parliament, political parties and the same people can do something about it, then I will point out two-three things on this.  I will keep you, let her listen carefully, a team, things can happen, make 100% reservation with reservation, make 100% complete and also say something, will you not give, will this happen in this woman, you also know.  Secondly, what is the point of reservation, don't keep even one percent at zero, reservation is in some form or the other in every country, heritage conservation, then state is welfare state, so it is not going to be even zero and hundreds.  The Supreme Court had asked to keep it at 50 percent, so 10 percent came separately in Swarnim, okay, it is not going anywhere, it is not going anywhere, even if we make reservation 100 percent.  This section of the society is not going to be of any benefit to them and if we reduce it to zero then this is their escape route for those children of general category who are not able to get selected, its fruit is that brother, if this does not happen then it will definitely happen. Get selected, whereas we do not even compare it with the total figure and statistics and population. Let me tell you that 760 children have been selected in UPSC. Currently in 2021, this figure is going on for many years and is decreasing further. If I multiply the number of vacancies by 760 then this section will end in approximately next week or year, that is approximately the number of vacancies even though I know that it will end.  Let's assume the whole system is forward, okay, so approximately if you multiply, you will have 60 thousand jobs, along with the next 80, and in my country, every month, ten lakh children of yours and our country are coming to the job market for jobs.  If we are talking about Demography India, then 10 lakh children are coming here every month and this one is of UPSC which is only this post, tell me how much is only 60000, 60,000 next.  In the last 80 years, 10 lakh children are coming here every month. Take the cost of the state government as well, take care of the peons as well, make Tehsildar for Patwari, do all the worldly affairs. You will realize that this percentage is nothing if your organization is on point one. This point of selection was zero five percent, so if it doubles to point one, then nothing will happen to you, your boy is not going to be selected in your life, the girl is not going to be selected.  Here the solution is not there, it is made according to politics, people are jealous, it is a fast of the society too, why is this being made, why is that being made, another comment is given that there should be merit of guest meritocracy for reservation, which  If the number is higher then it will not be good for this country, so you have to understand that whatever is going to be good for this country is meritocracy, when it comes to the country, when it comes to the diameter.  There is meritocracy, if we want to protect the country, then it will be based on merit. The boy who stands up to face the enemy will not go through this system because the enemy has nothing to do with you. It is not your stupidity to see what is going on in the society that you got the job. You are not found in the society, you are a rebel at the top and bottom of the country. When it comes to the country, then the team of Chakra Arpit's team reached the Olympics. Check the teams. There should be institutions that arrange the security of the country. If you see it with your own eyes, then it is right.  Obviously there is no defeat, no should not come, will not come, it is okay because it is a matter of the country a lot, the country does not matter to this party IS because I have told it in the previous video, Babu, you have to understand this, I will talk about it in the next videos.  I will make it if you people will like it and you will understand. Previous videos also, many people went to my IS WhatsApp group and said something like this, nothing bad, many of my friends are in IS because of practice, they are wise, they also have a lot of powder labels.  You know, once a campaign was started on Facebook to tell that there were many children committing suicide etc. and depression and all this was going on, so they came once and after that they never came again saying that brother, this is so dark, it just looks so much and  It looks amazing, it looks so much fun, there is always more in the plate of others, then understand what is happening in government jobs, instead of discussing this, 50 years will pass. Let's discuss whether there should be reservation or not, leave it in this discussion.  To Leave it because this is a factory, we can make it our own, now I am coming to what we have to understand, what is it to you in a government job that the son is settled, the daughter will be settled, ok, the job is secure, I don't know how to do anything, it is not much fun, ok.  I go on a lot of holidays, brother, I get a lot of respect, I am getting respect, I have a lot of purse, I can get some food sometimes, I can get some service for this too, I can become a hunter by going there too, I can buy some of these for many people in the turmeric market of others. things  A government job is linked to everything. The government's finger of political depression is being collected on the lips, white is being fulfilled, rights are being fulfilled so that the balance of the society is maintained when the dominant starts creating ruckus on the reservation of states.  If the quality of politics becomes so much and heavy then every type of politician gets scared because even the lesser politicians know how much is in their control. When Marathas rise in Maharashtra, Patels rise.  There are Jats in Gujarat and Haryana, these are agricultural waste people, they do not want jobs and when they arise in large numbers then the politicians who are in power in the world know that they cannot create jobs like others, they have no one to speak.  No, the technological cycle is plowed by the country and the environment in which jobs are created and the imagination in it is not in their hands, but those who have an eye on gym jobs can at least reduce the taste of it, this is power.  The image and with the government job is in their hands, the welcome which I told you can do again at one point, they are settled, they will not give you the ticket, you will not get the posting status, who was thinking that my 22 off clan was held in Rohtak.  It seemed to me that we will put it in Fatehabad, it is okay, whatever I was thinking, I am on holidays, we are meeting here, Saturday Sunday meetings will be held, work will be done, survey will be done, some birth anniversary will be celebrated, 50 will be celebrated.  There will be celebrations, someone should go door to door, do a survey, do an account, make a family identity card, a world tableau, even after 50 tasks, the government has issued an order to them, if you are okay with work on Saturday, Sunday, then the rest of the people who will be around will slowly.  -Slowly, the fun that the world was having and the government officials were seeing, will start becoming visible. Slowly and gradually, I am getting less work. From the top to the bottom, from the peon to the top IS, you can see that the work is increasing.  Or it is decreasing, in the comment section, the athletes who are related to government service or their relatives should write that if you see that they are still cutting raw, then write that raw quarters are there, that means Rabi crops are trees, correction in the second thing which is one that people  Considering it as an incentive, it will end due to technology, these are going forward, there is nothing to be gained, the commission will come on the eighth, by strengthening these few things, we will narrate the story, the internal salary and after all, it is a team of people.  And that enthusiasm is only there in the flat and the people who are in their non-government jobs, the government people are in their veins, today October-08 is coming, the first October is quite well-placed, according to the salary, it is fine, but Yagya is well-placed.  It will not be there when the economic rocket will hit, which will be ten percent at 12 cents in two-three years, then it is certain that the government employees will not be left behind, it is not felt today, because of that it will affect the marriage market also.  The discipline of job is being amended. You people know that the one who has his own good job will also become a forward artist in the government where there is no guarantee. If your performance is not good or not satisfactory then promotion will not be the only effect on the job. VR Heading Word Direction will be left till now. This thing has been amended at the upper level. DoPT's amendments have been made. You can check by Google. Take leave.  There will be no stability in life, let's see how many people get posted in how many months, then you will have to keep the family at one place, so the basic bottom line is that the bards will end the government jobs and when that period ends, then those who currently have reservation.  But now when they get a job, they will think, oh man, when they returned, they should have known that if there was no jealousy, then the fire of reservation will be extinguished on its own. You have to understand the fire of reservation in this way. When HUDA's plots used to come out, very good eyes. on that  So many more 4000 ₹ 3000 yards and you used to sell it as soon as it came out and that was the premium and there was reservation in it at 8 cents, six percent for these people, two percent for this would have given great taste, health would come in the reservation when you  If we get something and its value in the market is high, but if I line it up with the market force and take all the sugarcane juice of whatever value it was, then it is okay, then there is not that much juice.  They come out on the option, dacoits are on SVP's site and their ID is a plot, there are some left and right plots too, they are not good and the rates are higher, then there is not so much fighting, so whatever the government is doing is absolutely right, boys from  There is a syndrome, Google it, what happens is that you heat the water slowly and the frog that is put in it becomes comfortable and the person does not notice the change. It is okay that this is the change.  It is happening slowly but if you are an outsider and a keen observer, do you work inside Bihar or someone from your family helps in removing Ghanshyam, writing is on the next video, if you like it because I have also given only the trailer.  If you like it, then in the next one I would like to make that brother, you should not welcome, I have not made a video till the breath, and when it is due, I am a superstar for the government job list, I am a special person too. When I do a job, don't even become a superstar. Okay, the one below will automatically apply for this and everything else for word of mouth, so if anyone is associated with this, then make it extra flat, so in the next one.  I would like to make Why You Should Not Want to Become IAS? It is okay and all the children are doing coaching etc. and it has taken 6 7 8 10 12 years to repair a person's life. You just have to go and see whether the person working for 20 years is a New York writer, has a smile on his face or not? Note on assistant basis, why comment once on Facebook regarding the question, not in a hurry, generally you have to see. My request is that all the IAS officers are there.  And at different levels, he came on his social media platform and told that he is not that great, this strategy came back of pragmatic thinking in that because you are something and the world wants to become everything, this is what makes you happy.  You're something that no one wants to be so it's nothing okay this first one is okay because you got to the place where people are lining up big you know it's not that great but still put it forward Come and tell me, if any IAS officer is listening, then this is my request. Look at giving full guarantee to the children. When you are in any system, you should have full knowledge that brother, there is a sound of Khusron Forward discrepancy, my salary is getting reduced, 56 thousand rupees basic.  Is  I have given 28 cents on it and will not get face because I will get some house, I will discuss everything on it. Video pack is my request. If you had given 200 likes to this too, I would have said in Purity, Somebody India Needs To Know This, on the 2020 news channel. Indian Institute of India needs to know the truth about government job in India, both why we should do government job and whatever is my device, it is for 2022 to 2060, whose job is  This program has become different, it became good first, you cannot do extra plate, the marriage market, the marriage market decides which job will be good and I will link it up because if my first video that I will make now, brother you  Should Not Welcome IAS Ok That's Mine You guys have hit me Cycle Gift Not Mary Hen Ok So these two videos are lined up Updates are above the maturity Reservation Will Be Coming Consequential in 60  Years we are going the American way, a front against the American model, American government jobs, a very average man, a normal man, becomes a government servant, okay, he has a big caffeine dhoti path, very low numbers in the society, very low numbers, so we too have to go in the same direction as today.  It will be painful to hear the days that have passed just yesterday, maybe it is okay to have a volcano of anger in the stomach, maybe I will apologize to them, but the society in India needs to know and India will lock depending on you.  People get 200 likes in this number lock path, I will explain to you where the VR headset is.