Hello friends, I am going to give a new perspective, call it a comparison between residential real estate and commercial or look at it from the perspective of such investments, then I would like to tell you under a new example. If the month of July is going on and you are looking at the financial results of January and February.  I have to go to Canada in a month and this is certain, this thing is certain, it can be anyone, now jacket is a winter thing for you, okay, if there is some brand value then this  Garbage Saver Top Bread Take their 20 thousand rupees jacket which you know will be sold for 20000 rupees in January And you know the noise Now that sale is now 12 to 13 ₹10 So if you buy it then it is an investment It is very deep  The thing is to understand carefully that you need something, whatever is needed, wherever you see that person, if he thinks of investment, then what about property, what do people sometimes think, reduce and  Investment is the third thing I am going to tell you because now these are the three things but it is the end use and investment that people are mistaking the meaning of Maruti, so you have to take it for reduction, so if your money is being saved in that, then that.  Also, this is your return, you understand that I will not say it at that time, it will become a thing, it will be yours later, now you have to see that your salary is Rs 20 lakh, that of Vishal will be Rs 30, 400.  Note down the amount you have with Chaksu and how much is your increase in a year. You also know how many years you have been working. 5 likes with the person, ten percent, fifteen percent, something will be the base of your salary, there will be an increase. So that will translate to 3 lakh rupees, the salary is surrounded by five years, along with 10, 15, some figures are that your salary is now yours, five to six years after this YouTube budget total.  Talk about salary CTC type, how many people come after knocking or not, then I will have to increase it, but if your Malwa CTC is Rs 30 lakh, then your budget is Rs 1.5 crore. If you comfortably stretch it to 1.75, this is your math, then you can do things accordingly.  But this is the segment of buyers which is now increasing, much more than more likely, the salary increase is increasing as soon as a handkerchief can be placed on it.  If he gets that much benefit then this was the expectation. Second aspect of 14550 is that you may be 40 and your child is in 17th or 10th or 11th, you have money, you are inclined towards commercial, the returns are true.  Will come, it is like this, the story is being told but the situation is ruined, you should buy it by mistake in Gurgaon but still let me tell you, you should go in that direction.  So you don't look at it from one side that this is our child, this is my daughter, by the time I get a retention position which will come in four-five years, the good one will have gone to college and after that, whoever gets a job will then marry her.  So the house needs a hundred percent because you cannot make your child sleep in the room, nothing can happen in this commercial, many commercials take my son, do hotel management, my son, I will take these numbers respectively, he will go and do the work.  The biggest mistake in that is that whenever you continue doing your business, you are taking two risks, one is that the business will not work and second, if you have bought that establishment yourself, now that business will not work or not, then you have become an expert in this business.  Also your business may or may not work and here or there, if you get stuck in going here or not, then your risk is doubled. You should take at least one rest or if the business does not work here then I will pick up my bag. Bed, go to some other better place, but those people are making a big mistake that I don't want anything of my own, I want children to do something like a restaurant or I have some own food outlet, there are some such tips that they may not work and you and they should go somewhere else.  What is the need to buy any business in Gujarat? As we saw and learned, I mean my money in the beginning and half of it till late, money does not mean that I put my money in the beginning, everything is settled and that can happen nowadays. such a fall of the children of  There is already attention from you, it is not working and I don't feel like doing it, now what will you do, now you have searched that commercial area and such a commercial looking place and the supply is not working, so what will you do, do n't you have any problem? In this you have to see that you can do online shopping, online shows cannot be done, hundred deliveries are required, now if you want to talk in the morning, then you can shop from anywhere by pressing a button and like in the market in Gurgaon.  Press so many buttons because everything operates only at 10:00 at night while sleeping and you can mean that it is not that you have to do ten thousand shopping. Press this, instead of worrying about all this, you will find yourself in the comfort of your home. That is a requirement, so I want it, I can take it, I should take it for the show, the first one won't give heat, so it doesn't matter, she went to sleep, took it back from there, I need something that gives heat, in the same way you need a real property.  who is real to you  If the need is not your child, it will be someone else's child, there will be an edition for retail, good one aaya, three and a half to four portions related will come on your investment, definitely Gurgaon Market Committee, that price also increases by fifty percent in 5 years, so comfortably that.  But maybe 2% preparation is fine. There are so many stories on commercials telling people 660%, that brother is giving you your money because it is launched at ₹50 feet.  If you get a discount of Rs 15000, then folk dance Bhangra discount is how much is it, how will you do the valuation, I have been very very real estate, the message is patience requirement for a new house, you have some people think what a 3BHK, I made a video, watch mother-in-law and daughter-in-law Aishwarya.  You should subscribe, it's okay and if it does n't happen, please let me know, if I don't, it's a great helplessness.  We have very big houses, so you put money in your waist, give two children in front of you and buy them their own houses and these people will say that China will be fine, it will stand for 100 and a quarter years, it will stand for one and a half years, now its plaster is  If you want to clean the plaster then brother, she will send the day, then what kind of property will you be able to go, which is very important at what price band, Windies is important since 2009.  Movements of market behavior will not have to choose and what should happen in the market, what is right, what is happening to me, what is happening and what will happen, that is more important, development, we are also depending on, I will make a very good video on this. People must watch it. How did you like it? Please share. If you like the videos, subscribe my channel. If it is ok then you can use that too. Those who like the videos can also use it. Members can be taken automatically by those people who have subscribed to the channel but do not press the bell notification. The most request to those people is to please press the bell notification because now some of my videos will come and one person may have just finished, you people must have seen which is time sensitive.  They will be taken only at that time and will not be visible after that, so if you do not press the bill notification then you will not know that it is there, so where is the bill notification, the gel is there, you have to press oil on it.  If you want to press it, then first you will see the bell on the right side of the subscribe button, press it once and then press it above, if anyone else has anything good for the real estate market, then you can write in the comment section.  This has been sent to the WhatsApp number given below, you can write, my request should be year time table, Hi Hello, not just like this, it should be completed in four lines, it should end in such a way that the answer is given from one word to another because If you are asking and you want to think with me without being a consultant in this question from Twitter, the question is what is the capital of India, then man is fine, if someone asks how the title of India was decided is fine, then daily subscribe video from  Kolkata to Delhi should be ok so how it was made and Punjab Haryana equal thank you