That Hello friends, the new launch on Golf Course Extension is getting a very good response, the goods are rising like ravedis, the peanut ravedi is going as if it is a mistake, many people were waiting for it for a long time, let me explain it in more detail.  I have an education program on for .. Webinar is on. You people want to understand the juice product. It is a product of 1.6 5.7 CR. A lot of inventory is gone. This is a unique product, it is not seen like this.  It is not like that, product specification, very introduction and all the lovers of Golf Course Extension, till those who were crazy and were saying that brother, if something goes in the middle of the chest of 1.52, then tell me one more thing, all the quality related people, listen to this.  That by doing this product, the accessibility validation of NA rate is coming across Gurgaon, with the passion with which I was doing this, then I was telling this for the first four months that I knew it would come like this.  People had also come to other projects after detours and this is fine, this is far away, this is not a road, this is from Under Seven, those who were ahead in doing this started asking again, brother, please tell about that also.  And I will tell you more in his prediction, I will cover this project, rest in the prediction, listen to what is happening, the rates are increasing even for one lesson, now it is like that recession has come, reception has come, he has come to the US, okay recession.  Till the definition of money no one knows about money. People say negative growth. If there is negative growth then what will happen to inflation. Are you saying negative real growth or plot number that inflation is at 5% and GDP is growing at 5% then this is  - Has it become two or is GDP only - three? You tell me this in the comment section. Economists have the knowledge of life to write the definition of relationships. This word is very useful.  Let's use all the receptions. What is Bash League and this is the negative group of quarters. This is of two quarters. This is three motors. You have to write this also, which of these grade two quarters is there? Only one quarter of 163 quarters and reception is being held in India. That we are going to you like a trillion dollar prize from the present Freelander Economic Status in 2036, so you write, friends, it is tech, people say, registration reception only.  When I went to invest Rs 10,000 crore, I am sitting on India, you should definitely buy food, but this one thing worth Rs 1.5 crore is to be bought, macroeconomics is being discussed in it, which I don't even know, it means I am not making fun of anyone.  I am a simple thing of ignoring the recession but write these because the good people do not know, everyone tells their different things, this is also fast, you will say mine and mine can also mean someone else.  If you find it wrong, take my one, if anyone else finds it wrong on this day, because it is negative, then set the alarm, there are two types of GDP, there is nominal GDP, there is also reality, there is real GDP, which is net, which is deep. Inflation adjusted to inflation is this, tell me something, okay, so where were we talking about the 63rd sector people and on inflation, the economic package is the only fun, otherwise this channel would have come to a site.  Take a visit, don't show me the brush, brother, one has to be completely intellectual, decision-making is limited to just one thing, now the eyes are open, brother, the room is so good, the cost is so good, the cost is good, tell me, it is Dwarka Express, it is fine.  Now there is a person and they thought that it was going to be built for four years. According to you, Dwarka Expressway will not be built for 4 more years. It will not be built for six more years. Many people say that it is okay, so tell me that the thing is fine.  If you want to join then we will discuss about it. I want that people are also witch because if you understand then it is right to buy or not to buy. Window 7 Plus is most welcome windows so please are most welcome ok you guys are window shopper, come understand how did project vanilla ice. How is it seen, how much is the valuation of the brand, how much is the validation of the side, how much is the valuation of the location, what is the specification, according to feet, per project mute of the site  If we will discuss all the hottest flights that we have taken in our building, it will be interesting. You have to WhatsApp me. SG, those who have not done so, thank you.