Today's topic is a vacation, this is restructuring of acid in allied and managing director property, both things are related, I separated the topic and said restructuring of it, and then the person himself but less than 6570 years old and stories Akshar and maintaining and managing director fruit property on this.  Money Next Generation, I will take both the things side by side, it is going to be a very good topic, tell this knowledge to your parents too, whatever  Will you listen to the record or if you are a garlic then how does it start? Listen carefully. Took a flat for ₹ 10 in Dwarka 22 23 24 years ago, it increased to 180 and then fell to 150. Now the rent on it is Rs.  25000 is coming, I am ready. And for the one who has taken the portal, this thirty percent remains for him. The requested video is not three lakh rupees. Plus, you can relax thinking that.  77 That's enough because of your expectation A You have taken the rent for ₹ 3000 And sometimes you have taken a thousand Sometimes ₹ 4000 567 It has been very happy and satisfied You are used where our weight is lost not increased And then because of old time A particular juicy of sugarcane.  There is no issue in that if today it is worth Rs 1.5 crore and is earning me only Rs 3 lakh. So its rental yield is two percent, this is the same plus now it was expected to increase by one and a half because it has come down from 180 to 150. I am giving the example of Dwarka. It is applicable for lot of the properties. Follow Tinitis Indore Chandni Chowk Connaught.  Place and that location its selfie something for grade but you may not sell it property is something switzerland properties plot  End of activity benefit break into life is good night that if destruction in and 65 that if that property is not giving me three and a half to four percent at today's rate which Karachi property can give three and a half to four percent then I need to restructure and back plus  I Need To Make A Big Salute And Moon Some Time Path Viruddh Story Is Plane Got And There Investment One And A Half Crore Going But It's Not About Them  Zoom Getting Positive Send Report Doctor Govind Aap Agar Me My One Construction Good Construction Good Project Takes But What Stops Him From Doing Two Things First I Do Not Understand On Which I Said Second Thing Your Youngster You Have Understood S Per Ther Father  And mother understand and country feel, I don't know how many years will it take us to comment, this is 16 people started thinking and not my friend.  Now I don't have to give 20 years in diminutive line different in this issue retail 90.6 unrestrained 3435 in this last 3032 years you held a job, in the job you again held a basket of money officer, after that again you gave birth to children, raised children on your own, did their schooling.  You did so much by marrying her during higher education itself, now in the next years, what will you do, sir, Rs.25000 is coming, yes, it is enough, let me give it to you.  You paid ten lakh rupees so 25000 seems like a lot but still there can be a lot more and let me tell you those who have ever bought a property before 2019 10 20 30 years ago at the age of less than 40years f  -35 Yes we will have to change what is written in the written records of property will not be lost their life will still continue and I am  Telling people all of you are listening, changing in old age in 7075 years, properties are the reason of great sadness that you are Tuesday's system all song.com Singh Topics restricted to avoid this request Redevelopment system is the minimum Trailers that society people take every year  To convince that it has become useless and will have to be torn down and some offers are coming, then offers come in 1 to 2 years when the old movies are being sold in Mumbai. You must have seen in Hindi movies that all builders are coming and mafia is entertaining ok end and there will be elders who will do it after our death and half of them are not end issues Motu Patlu cycle is not visible 12 years will take four years to celebrate now when 4 years this thing Cannot write property in started market because due to increase in market, this one is so and so Campa Cola Society, this kind of name is going to be thank you, it is black yellow taxi, so its transaction.  We stop in that, then comes the period of breaking, then comes the period of making, at least you all take it in making, now if I am an example, you applied on the best for the place like Dwarka Expressway, but it takes so much time to get the best interior.  There are so many Deendayal people who join hands in making the project, but they are in that prime location, mostly five 12 13 14 plots will not be cut and three floors will be built there, three towers will be built there. If 4550 is made then it will take a lot of time on its own, then there are no negotiations in it, negotiations are not pure, okay, there are also negotiations at some point, then it will take a lot of time for anyone to taste, if your PPO is ready.  You are notifying the intersection on power, if I talk, please you can type in the dominance over time greatest freedom pack, if I talk, please Mine will go to one-way traffic. Previous People Can Speak. Okay, so whoever is having this, the father and mother have to go. The one whose father is 63 and mother is 0 and they had bought the property twenty-two years ago, now he is like this.  Is it comfortable? If you talk about selling them, you will feel that this boy wants to kill my money, this daughter wants to kill my money, this blast of people who want to kill our money gives the feeling of rear AC. Friends, but what will happen when you grow old, those children who had this feeling at that time, otherwise they would not have adopted Islam, then when that society breaks down, they will die on rent for 6, 7, 8 years, 9 years.  It seems very difficult. Every man dreams of owning his own India. He wants to fill it in his house in old age. Not every man wants to pay rent. Vote percentage is another thing. No one is ready to maintain the old age maintenance.  Are the old people on dialysis ready to keep the old people who have become humans? No, but if you want, you will fatten it with your old parents, the man takes Bhagat, everyone else is ready to take care of the landlord, the energy goes down. Would refer to give me flight on rent approach I would like to give to young couple multinational both husband and wife keep it absolutely clean like it and mean good runtime I would like to give it to me Never want to give very old couple the sets of everybody is to pick up all want everybody has decided to go through this also affect the people some people which I told the thing, many will have your ID and PP but this is what you know to tell later.  So, to make your fortune, you have to look at your cycle, will you remove my tab from this society which is mine and if the old mail person passes away and what will happen to him?  The wife is the one who is left and they know that women are 5 to 6 years younger than the leaves, sometimes there are less than three left in this group nowadays, earlier in time it was more, there used to be even years and women anyway today I consider it a meaningful year.  If you live more and take a small chain, then stay alone for 15 years, lady and husband Vinod and no one will be able to pinpoint thing about writing and card cottage with curd and Living like an enemy, Chandramukhi Delhi, she also ran away in search of the road, I am good, Trisha has also finished that cigarette, but it has built eight floors, yet it is so far ahead that 16 floors can be built, 18 circles can be built, first of all it is about Ayurveda.  According to this, it could not have been built so high, do all the technology of the basement, let's put two floors for three days, the tent will disappear, it will continuously become the area again and the law has become people and they will grease 6 but cent people in the agricultural society.  Who speak and this strange local now convinces the builder to 6060 and the rest then 25 questions even if they don't agree then brother this is two and what happens after that and there is nothing else to do, you call someone from the government and clear the pistols that today's  In any case, they must have seen themselves among those who are not there, so the fact of life is this, you have to be alive to the situation and what happens, you will have great you.  Will gate closed, give slips to cooperative society, you will get the thing on your own Phulwadi stage, it will be visible only on Bigg Boss, if it was yours, what will many children do, who will get it as inheritance and will sell some slips, slips will no longer be shown at that rate when the flat will be ready.  Then that friend of the earth worth Rs. 2.5 crores, that this website of yours is worth Rs. 1.4 crores, I will get the slip for your right in that, they call it copy, slip for editing diseases in Delhi.  I do n't have any idea, people of Mumbai are ready to divide in Kolkata, what am I saying? Don't be cruel on this. No min's you people have not seen who is not North Indian and Dimple Yadav is connected, hence restructuring of it is very very necessary for  Its request decide tool in the text on high-rise complete system seems applicable to you oh lord now keep many places dad and mom have built a ground floor on the plot One has been built now, the construction which was there was that the old times have been cut and it has been built like this, if the government is paying more tax on it, then if you build on it then you will be getting state plus, now these people say paint.  Even if you do, make yourself above, if we don't bother us then boat that by making four good floors and if you have parents at 21, then let it be, play cup fare 770, that program can be done but many people want to do it.  ready  Bigg Boss takes it back fast, countries like and also the next generations have proper plants, but this Papa, you will stay here at the front for one year, I will pay rent, we will make it like this, I will invest so much money, you invest so much of yours, we will take loan this much.  We will get less text and by doing this we will become four, wait, we will take this out from the van, it will go to me, I will not have to arrest them and then we HR will play such a game, the bill will come in your name there.  Will do ownership from Rs. 50, this is the motivation combination, this is what I call restructuring, this is what I call restructuring, but explain this to Papa, if you explain then everyone's father will understand, it is good, every papa-mummy love is jacked, pat diya and note idiot.  Issue Ad Next Generation Smart To Build Am's Intention Clear Pack Your That Glow Many Times Print Says For 6868 We Will Go Then You  You have to get your periods, you will go to 97th Baba, wait for the result, parents will be given and what you are hearing from me now is that you have such a status, do not do this, the phone will be a little uncomfortable and if such a thing is being created in it because of the plot.  But if you build a house, it gets built in one and a quarter year and if someone has the money and works day and night, then it gets built in a year, otherwise it gets built in debt and if it is on rent somewhere in a year and a half.  If you have to live with Rs 25,000 then you will take Rs 34 lakh and that is Rs 3-4 lakh. You are very worried about how much acid is being created in it. It is very, very good for your family because right now I will cover it later.  Toe create and that's what I told withdrawal sorry how the doll is being rotated can rate and hua will cover okay so trust recording restructuring your acid campaign come to successful property porn property which  My second on that is telling that this section property can be required for restructuring valentine special property is with your father in you only but late night time system properties which are two generation injection behind in which uncle was there he gets involved in which your father and  Brother, now that property is there, everyone has a Shivling in it, its life journey is different, it has different layouts, one becomes an officer, one becomes a peon, one becomes rich.  Someone remains poor, someone becomes a son, someone becomes a daughter, someone has a son or daughter, the journey of life becomes different, then there is a cancer in the family of cold, it is okay, this is also my porn in the society. Whose daughter-in-law is more beautiful, whose sons have become more successful, who has more successful job, only one job will be very good, but the Will is also biological, his daughters and other brothers, who are peons and clerks, are his sons.  Also suffer from NSC and every peon who is giving pimples is giving some time, she did not disturb, don't get the capability in which choli, you exploit in your life, how many drinks and please tell me the right time setting, this is the thing I am telling.  I am doing ID, you are editing and frying with this thing, so right ID, have you seen something like this in your family? Have you seen anything like this? Can't stop it, stop it quickly, but on a note related to everything, that's why I am taking you towards the solution, Sunday joint is going to do magic in your 5 minutes, because how many of you are traveling, tell me ID.  Preity Zinta is someone else, that is, this lamp is on in her house or you see the story happening, this recipe is going on, that uncle is sitting on the asset because when father, mother, grandparents were there, he used to live with them. Uncle, now your father lives away.  Were or and he has taken possession Now he is saying so don't break it I am like this and you were not serving mother so it has become mine Everybody wants to get rid of the guilt when we cheat na  If we make long relations with our blood relatives, then we become guilty in our mind, then to remove that guilt, we do reasoning, then by going abroad, by stumbling, we set up all these things.  Someone else from here buys it only when you are driven away and you don't keep your wish. You tell me, Delhi also has a property worth 20cr, so can a son take care of his mother by keeping a flat worth 20cr? Plant ₹ 1 plant to keep the stock, if you get mills from it and vegetables, then take care of the mills for 5 years, then 2016. Next morning, if you have taken care of sixty lakhs, then friend, if you take the extra, then out of 10.  When you are grating, you keep 6 CR and give me four. You took care of it. Okay, so no one will talk like this at home because when I graduated from college, family members would come to me with consultation messages. Tell me how many did you take care of.  Two, you kept the game because you were living here and you were greedy. That next guy will come to the country immediately, so how can he care? I am fine, so you want to kill all his people. How many births will the printer have to take? Next to the insects, that pop dona mein do you know that well and tell what is drawn air to but this insult property tax kya bar kya hota many adjectives properties kaise hai ab interviewer where very where you see there are two types of ansal properties one  Which is very expensive, where there is a lot of money in one affair, then it goes to the Faluda court because everyone is greedy and what happens many times is where the price of money Faluda property is one road and  Participant past, we do not take any interest there, this is also an extreme problem because if you have 45 lakhs from this, then you say, you see, you see, you see, then that time suggesting to all I take the audience that please first decent property please like this.  I should hold a meeting in the room. Any youngsters who have debts with their relatives may hold a meeting. Those who are your uncles or fathers, I want them to have bad relations with each other. Because those who are their wives, who is your mother, your aunt till yours, this marriage operating system is different, more is mine on jewellers, you are the next generation, you are almost entangled, relationships will not be defined, house of habit, inch curve.  Jio 4G unfortunately e wish way indian relationship brother quantity him that my thing idiot your father also idiot both  Brothers, we are important cousins ​​but we are the new generation and we will not go to vote like these fools, we will not fight, we will do that and we have to make them straight that why not give money to uncle ji or give money to uncle ji and this Also, the restructuring will celebrate billet builder builder's liberation by cleaning the velvet velvet on this day, Lord of people doing corruption and if the spirit and shopping is right then it can be resulted. In the Dahar generation, the minds of two people in two parties must be working, otherwise things will not be resolved, but for those who have gone to the sixties, there is an incentive to fight in life because they have the right information and energy to do a job, not to do anything else, otherwise they will fight.  People get infection even while playing likes, but the properties are not old, these are special properties, they can be restructured, renovated and monetized. Old properties can also be monetized. I will tell you one more thing on that in the next webinar.  I will cover those charges. Answer: How to shape the old property, I will discuss that thing separately, share the jobs for recording, I will take your questions, Moti Moti Mirchi, I understand you guys, so you guys tell me.