Hello friends, today's video is for government people who are near retirement, have retired or are about to retire, whether that retirement is VRS or super animation, they have a limit, very many retire from the government.  5768 comments on Shift Yes, in which department is the statement? Also, if all of you retire, then in this topic we will discuss that what is your retirement corpus? What to do I am very carefully using the word What to do I am saying that I will invest in it Many people think of retirement corpus as CEO RP Vespro CO RPSC It is like constipation which in the old Hindi film I am saying the urgency of putting elastic food  In the same way, many people are trying to dispose of it, many people have an urgency to get the money and how to dispose of it, a big industry has developed behind this to provide guidance and tell.  There is a possibility of a lot of mis-selling in it and if it is also a lot of interest, then to bring therapy on this, I will tell you in four sutras, you people should listen to it carefully or my aim is to give a different perspective which people usually give for normal celery. Located in a little bit different, mine remains to give, not want to take up, this time, not for translation, for just method, fit, the formulas that I will give, if I tell them are a little blurry, then the first successful mine is this amount IS.  Not much 's 29 test and band group's opportunities are their example of government job. Bride group B will now get that group's amount, how much will they get in retirement pack, gratuity in it, first I have camp on 20 lakhs, one is your link vest, one is your pension competition. So, depending on how much service you have done, if you are going to seniority, then firstly you will get close to crores of animals. This point sounds like a lot but you  In perspective, I would like to tell that there is Kalpataru builder in Mumbai Kandivali East, one of them is coming, carpet area is 418 426 feet, the position is after 5 years, it will not come in this much money, it is 125, even one BHK will not come, so you will fry it in Mumbai.  Me too, you will not get a 100 yard plot in Gurgaon without Shatter, check the vitamin in any sector in this report and you will not get it in Delhi also, but I will tell someone.  I am not shooting you, America's poverty is playing its own game, I am showing that whatever you are thinking about retirement, it is going to be too much for me that I have started showing this money there, then this is too much thing, otherwise the  But if you remain complete and persistent then this was my first sutra, no, it is not so much, there is no need to get too excited, relax and retire on this, let's talk further, twenty seconds, what do you have to do, lie, this money will come, then the first thing which  its 20 cents its  I will tell you what to spend and how to spend on this tree. You have to give ten percent of this tree to your better half and she has to give it to your wife. Tell her these 10 questions 13. Share the land everywhere with me, happiness and sorrow everywhere. I have come back after retirement. This is the question.  Motivational What to do is to be so organized that you have to invest in his name and not right, no, nothing, you give him temple run and in time you can say this to him, no, for the furniture, it will also be given from your house. Look at brand new furniture, get good software and make some small estimate of your own and tell them that ten percent is yours. Okay, this is an investment. This is a big point. Keep listening further. All ten percent is around five percent.  Spend it on yourself because you are the biggest relative of yours. Your mind should be happy. You can buy many things for 10 cents or you can buy a small car for a lot. Once upon a time when yours broke down, you were driving a very old car.  officer retired If you were traveling in a government vehicle, if it was not of your choice, then there is no need to take Rakhi for 2025. You can update the crazy type, you can comfortably go to the market with the yoga of that back level and buy a new vehicle.  If you don't buy then make an appointment, now the code etc. is safe, whenever you deal with a wife from a foreign country, you can do this trick with the children so that it remains memorable. It is okay if you are retiring at a late age.  If you have a son or daughter-in-law, if you have a daughter, then give them a gold coin of 25 grams. Take a small amount of Rs. 25,000. Put five percent on them. Write letters to them, do it for their parents. I have to go to study for this. Friends, parties, publicity, distant relatives, I like this.  No, I am telling you to do this only for the sake of family, this is a big investment of yours, it will give you an image and good feeling on your front. It is very important that what do people do after retirement? Money goes away because you are giving such a vibration to the organization that I am not going to get any more money, a reminder of lack is set and in it, you are the one who has retired, the one with whom you live, your son, your daughter, your daughter-in-law. How can they know that you are retired, they may also have some money in the country too, they are very well in the required husband, then it is okay, she stumbles a lot and is very happy, so she doesn't even give a little of her gold.  Gave away gold worth Rs 50,000, it has also become very expensive, gave a little mobile phone to someone, it is a feelgood factor from my side, it is very important, few people do what they do, they remain happy, okay then the channel is about happiness, money.  It is also about but how happiness can be bought with money. Many people say that money abroad can be bought by happiness macrame. If you spend it, then if you don't get it by drinking then you will have to kill the dialogue. This is how much money you have to spend and you have to do it clearly.  Otherwise you have to do it, neither is it a federation nor the limited amount of energy left after Saturday's garment, that Bigg Boss video, which now comes with monthly interview SMS, you do your tomato, salary credit, this account number support stops coming.  That should be abolished and those who take VRS do not get their pension even for 10-12 months because it takes time in the paper box and if they had retired, it would have been reduced considerably. You can see this in this point.  Do whatever you want, you people do the third chapati at eighty percent is left, you eat the rest of the land acquired, it is okay in FD 5 6 persons, that is a person, where some in the post office, one in his mind, one in that mic, put more and sit peacefully.  As much as I like this photo, this is a wonderful meaning, what can I tell you, so let me tell you a very simple thing, what is this, I want you all toe by time, six cabinets, much time, like it, understand how the world is going on.  You were not from the government system here. You don't even know from inside the government system what the fiats look like. You will pass your vote very quickly. I can tell you for 2 more minutes and I have that knowledge. I have the knowledge of Gurjar Fund Scam Small Cap and  Midcap hybrid traffic, you put debt fund hybrid fund in it, speak English, share market, equity feature, option trading, leave out old people, 57 lakhs, you are passing part time, it destroys your money, okay share.  In the market and on your holiday member is the raw material of money and you have a limited to apply for these products people make money in share markets have water irregular supply illegal mining in the country by falling in a well so you don't know that you In what condition did he retire? Like the market in Euro, when you are 10-12 months old, but all this is goodbye and medical shop in equity market last.  First of all, you have to get the ante done, you are in no hurry, I have to quickly set it all up for the house, I have to sit down for the ante, Rakesh, do it peacefully and as much as it is getting to the obesity, I do not discuss it, it goes to any relative, it is okay.  This will be very dry. Papa will also come to the house. Add it to Mummy, that is, anyone who gives advance will come. Do n't be too fussy. If you are too excited about the appointment, then things are explained only in that, then they are so much.  If you go to 100, you will have to agree with someone, then this is a tension, you have to stop it, then we are the fourth but what is the fourth, two do not go to sports, they are very expert in the market that I will tell you, I started wasting my retirement money, I was the two not go to.  Everyday it once parikrama market waiting to give a good married and this two not meet you heart beauty expert okay PM spices are sitting portfolio management service On the wealth management export of so many banks, 2025 himself said that he is sitting on the job, he will tell you about the whereabouts of your crores, he will tell them about it, then he will tell them about it, you mean, he does not go with these people, do not invest some money somewhere in the market, do your MP tax. You put cents on the 20 rupees, pension is coming, take a deep breath, now who has it, not the experts, when whoever has it, the teachers have it, why the gurus have it, the teachers have the square, they will teach the skin.  We will teach you things, we will explain you, we will tell you what to do, different things, everyone will tell you what to do, you will decide, so what is the relationship of every person, every person has such a unique situation, no one person can become a YouTuber by writing a web or by writing a book.  You cannot understand this thing by telling the video because maybe you are a resident of Himachal, retired and are going to the morning, both your children also got a job, got married, this template will suit you differently, is there any divorce, it will come out separately.  Some have different parents, some's children are doing very well, both are employed, everyone is like till marriage, the situation is very different, two are boys, one settles for a girl, one settles for a boy, one settles for a girl, one does not settle, one settles with one's wife. There is no connection with anyone's parents, any properties have been inherited, if a lot of money and property has been acquired, then something else will have to be done, then this is the front of every person's life situations.  If a person can't tell this like it then that's why someone who had retired, there are many such courses also, they take this mixture, there is a meeting that let's come together and talk, how to discuss over tea, what time to do, just like this, it's your time.  What are the statuses, you don't have to know, it's your situation, if you retire, then pass the time for 6-8 minutes. Every day, when you retire, you will be at one place, then I have seen with many people that they had woven dreams, they will enjoy from a particular city. My friend, this Maharaj ji is not enjoying, you have spent the money to show off, now do it as per your wish, but you laugh at this, you were only a few goddess and self minimum Muslim science notes in 12 months or 1820, she is Lakshmi and Amber is playful.  If it is kept inside, it will seem as if I do n't know, I don't know how much money I have earned in India, but this money is not being earned anywhere. Those who make very fancy investments in different places, there are 10-20 cents in it.  That becomes zero, our caste gets stuck, the rest does some good and the returns are difficult to come 660 ten percent while roaming there and there is so much trouble in it, remind it that there is no need to take it in it, if I tell you what to do next then teachers.  You can go to those who teach, I also consider myself a teacher, I do all the teaching on real estate, I am on all things investment avenues, I have created all the money minded things for them, in that I have 10  There are videos, go to the play list and you guys can see the print of your approx Hiten Hata, you will be able to watch all of them, I have told different things in them, I have also told about any thing, this is good, this is bad, this is very good, you have to understand everything. Whatever you understand is good, then just day someone is saying to someone else that these two words like situation are different, some people can just add 15209 cups, put it in the market, move it up and down, you do not select.  Can  You have to decide, if you have Rs 10 lakh in share market, then 50% after launch, if you want to go for original investment, then this choice game is hundred percent, so this is a raw fruit, neither is it all.  People give their testicles from the market, it is closed, festival spoons fit in it, tell these things in the market, if Wipro had shared, then it would have been like this. There was a man, that man was with me for many years.  If we ever meet 25 together, then if examples of five friends are being given in a country of Rs 135.40 crore, then the statistics show that if anything happened to you with many people in 2000 through such a PIN, then it would have happened like this. Hey brother, if someone's daughter is getting married.  If the market is crushed then he will sit and make an appointment, someone's son has to go out, some expenses have to be made, a house has to be built, there is a medical emergency at home, then you all understand that it is absolutely true.  There are different templates on which tablets can be learned. Take that tablet and put it on yourself and do that game. And when you discuss too much on too many subjects, you want to show that the child could not save her from her husband and is not yours at all.  Life is your bread only Hanuman Chalisa that a few days ago it was not going to be like this, after 10 years this video of mine on inflation has been prepared, what I have always kept is that I am in a hurry, that is for you to a greater extent.  to see that Houseful hard wear is active continuously talk about this one crore rupees one feet do n't think so much about 10 20 crore likes only it is ok for them and don't think this means it ca n't be continuous how can it be so now let me tell you ok now I  Let me tell you what work you will do after retirement, what work you should do, then first of all I will tell you what work you should not do, government, these people who retire, they should not do four things, the first work is not to give a job, in the meantime, sexual haste.  You will retire here, you are late, don't do a job, there is no quality of life, there are no gray hairs, where the juniors in the age group say to the people on the road, if you go around saying it is okay, then this masani will wake up again in the coming morning, then you will not have to pay accordingly. When you could not move towards functional independence after 33 transfers, then even doing a job was not going to do you much good. Now only people answer to me to pass the time, so look at me, it is good. There is so much to go there, look at all this story, many people do 70-80 alloy drop, that is, they do a job at a particular level, many times we used to do juice thing, this one gives injections, no, it is good for you to be embarrassed, but there is no explanation.  If you retire at this level, do not lower your level. Marking the moment you have to get a job. So, at this level at which you retire, you will get electricity, even if you get it here, there is a need to do a lot with it.  You have great expertise, your technical expertise is very great, you are a great person and some company has given you a lot of habit, please do a job for Venus, you will also know about it, but out of the five percent, 95 percent people will be like this who are left-right.  Four administrators would do the same job and then when he would speak, he would say this Hanuman ji and this Gandhi would say, take up the meeting and wash it with clean cold water. He is very quiet. If you would have made points with such people, it would have been a different kind of counselling. I am sitting in the very market, real-time 2021 is coming in a few days, his talk is because what happened in 2017, what happened in 18, what happened in 19, how are the rest of the people, they do these small courses and they have  You get liberation, this is not such a happy life, okay, next, there is some salt associated with the department from which you retired, many people, I will see which department you retired from, they are roaming here only that the trees are not associated with any  By helping in the company, make a product related to this, a book, please comment, that is fine, ancient, which means that there are such roles that you cannot do, but even while living in Russia, many people are like this as Liaison Officer. Now we are the virus itself and this is a very soft situation and those who are old friends of yours and who are juniors, who have become higher, are interested that brother, now you mean you all understand what he likes, it is okay, then you should shoot him, okay.  Who is it then the work of top interest will not remain computer printer system, from those people you need age, okay no need, there are many bread eating games in the market and now I am going to tell you this solution, simple as basic. You have to do the work with this, is it okay to do it, so what is the anxiety, that is, how long should the video be made, it is 50 grams, okay, I do some counseling on them, but that's why I will tell you the basic thing, Ishwar Firing Badi, which is the symbol of Lakshmi.  No, if you run after him, he will not come, that is the story of Samudra Manthan, the story of old films of Bhagwat Purana, that Lakshmi ji was also born with this mantra, so among many gods, who is to be worshiped, then rest Vishnu ji is there on every side. We have to bring the element on Vishnu ji back in our life. Vishnu ji, yes, first you have got it, then add it well in the life, for yourself, then the movement, you will debut in the life, President Laxman ji is with you.  We will come and Lakshmi will stay with you and if we follow Lakshmi ji, okay then you are not going to come, but you start putting your mind behind one murder, tax of 5 lakhs, here, City of Mutual Fund, Borlaug daughter points, okay.  If someone wants to trade his/her own, let's put it here, he/she tells me this, everyone tells like this, and till now, everyone needs keyboard nails, everyone has this thing, and no one has the time to spare, so I click on it because the child who is studying well in this lesson.  Don't do it, there is no tension with Islam, he knows it all, so you know everything, now what is special in your life situation, because if you fit it on your own, then you have a Vijayendra, he does not go to repeat exports, he is a  If you are an expert in the field, then you are given this ad, will you take some money for it or is there a fund management charge, is there a discharge and on that, yes, give space everywhere on social media, take this, I will tell, I will tell if there is a problem.  No, where should you invest your money, there is no need to learn from anyone else, there is a dream job for 30-35 years, everyone has the mind that their money should be kept here, yes, you have to ask, you have to learn things and decide on your own, thank you.