Hello friends, another big news is coming. Revenue RASP used to be a big irritant. Brother, we used to hear this a lot, but we used to get to hear it a lot. If we did not get it, then a good news is coming. This shows how proactive the government is.  Wherever someone starts, he comes up with some amendment and finds some way for himself, the builder and the society, then yes, the builder's expenses are incurred and Anju is the top builder of India.  He has already announced that he is buying all the Ravindra routes in all his projects, so no it is nine, open notification, gadget, notification, government has come clear on this, unites, gets up and requests, tell you a little about this. Either the builder is ready to pay double the circle rate as per his circle rate, it will be done immediately or secondly, he has selected an alternative from Belur and a committee will sit for valuation.  Will decide and it cannot be lower than that circle rate and the third option has been given that if I can take it by telling the average of the two land transactions that have taken place in that area in the last one year, then there are three more options.  Tight purchase, medium or waste at double rate, we will put it in it, now we are not builders, I have to buy it, not only will it be there, he will understand it, he will buy it, but now he can buy it, so can anyone anywhere. Dua hai hai koi Ravindra Rasta raha raha hai some such things are going so good news is yes builder can buy builder buyer for this day will be a big boss will be recovered so you will also mix it ok like a lot  There was a big change in EWS, I have made this video but I will repeat it for you in just 30 seconds. In the coming times, EWS will no longer come, which used to see this system in premium projects that it is mandatory for the builder.  That a person is not going to make it now, he can give ten percent of the amount lined up to max m1 more to the government and his liability is not there for him to make it, either the government will make the dream affordable on it or the builder can also buy it online.  Is the application this idea green possible request so this is a different new appointment then you will forget there will be no interview in Gurgaon and now women and requirement is that  If it has been removed then that thing has changed. Whatever, how do you people like such small videos which are up-to-date, no one else will tell, this is real estate education, no one else will tell. Things have an impact on the market and the more you become aware, the more knowledge you gain, the easier your decision making becomes, you get to know where the focus is because when it is what is spoken, run and real estate.  It takes a lot of time for the tawa to heat up and then it also takes time for it to cool down. If it is a trend then Vihari government has started doing something proactive every two-three months, wherever the hotel is strengthened, wherever it is, Vishwa Bandhu, you  If there is one thing, the government is coming, yes it is coming, it is actively participating, re new way awards, now pig news and it's an order, you through my channel through subscribers.  I would like to request the government on one more thing that wherever these small crematoriums are built, wherever they are built, it is private land, it is a bit touchy subject, you villages, they have another mission, whatever happens if  Wood is used, an electronic crematorium should be announced separately at each place where ever the atlist is announced and all these things can be done under one plan.  There are also small cremation grounds which are built, are they legal or not? Someone has built them as their own. Like earlier there used to be a village, there is no peace to speak of. Brother, they used to build all their own, the one which is built in the village and  Many places have also been created to blackmail the builder that he has come up with a big project, isn't there something in it that he has to go there and install rocket science rockets, don't know, spend crores of rupees, put it with 43 and the program has become you, me, you.  looks like  That fraud is not used here, it is used till the minute because the facilities in it require many facilities in that time, so the proper ones are the government should be notified and hair mask bank, these are the ones and the enemy should be used and the rate one should not be.  Used Bigg Boss Now I am giving idea and my ideas may be misunderstanding but I feel that dev hai es is heard somewhere discus  If there are and are implemented, then my request to my subscribers who are all of you is to please share this video, when will it change in its works and when will it change, it is everyone's benefit, it is no one's loss because no nuisance is created by force.  Doing is not a good thing and government can easily spread liquid easily, some notification amendments, new plan and under one plan, this in all Gurgaon because you  If you look at Dwarka Expressway itself, good things have happened next to every project, that is, so many public toilets are not being built, that is, sorry to say but arthritis, if so many public toilets are built then maybe it would be good, that is, so much specialty has been given to the people that they don't know.  There is no need brother, it distracts a little, however, we all are mostly innocent devotees here, we should not do that much, it is okay with these things, but you believe that it distracts, so we have to act on it. through video  Please spread this message that the process of officially closing all the roads which are open should be started and that facility should be within three four five kilometers and it should be notified and where like now the Express has closed the Dwarka Expressway which is That a green field is coming where Lucknow flights will come and the population will increase to 45 lakhs in four-five years, then it should be planned in advance that this  And it does n't take much time to make it, it doesn't take much money, so from my side, now we should go towards the revenue path, I think it's a very good job done and it's one tension which has been removed, okay, so this  We have done this separately and we will attack this one on the other news and will fold the positivity through you people. Thank you Hey A.