Hello friends, today let's discuss about Rewari real estate. Normally people don't talk much about Rewari. You won't see videos etc. anywhere. Okay, so let's discuss about Rewari. There is some story of Rewari. What about Rewari city?  What is the system, so what is Rewari, it is below the south of Gurgaon, you know it is okay, but it is a little away from the National Highway, which goes okay, the story here is a classical case of Rewari where  But if politics is not right, then that city travels. If we talk about small cities, then the big city is beyond politics. For example, if we take the example of Haryana, Gurgaon, whatever happens here is beyond politics. Whatever will happen here, it will happen here because it is there.  It has gone above the inflation point, now its growth story is here but small cities need a push, so whatever politician is here is fine, whatever politics is there, he should be a little from the ruling party.  Even if it doesn't happen or even if it happens, it does n't happen that much. You people, who are from Rewari, know that what I am talking about is a very big thing, it has potential. If you look at it like that, then it is a one and a quarter hour's journey from Gurgaon.  The story which seems right to me right now would be that the Six Lenin Highway which was being built till Pataudi was to be extended till Rewari, now it has been extended till Rewari and the one which is being built from Gurgaon is being built from Gurgaon. Sector 1991 923 is the area of ​​94 or is it the area of ​​95 or our company in Manesar has a lot of connections from that area to Rewari will be just 30 minutes ready then you will not have to travel through the National Highway nowadays that National Highway is quite tight if you Look, it remains very tight for 30-40 kilometers, so when it becomes parallel, a story will come out, it is okay here, the rate of the sector is my.  Surprise, I checked again before making the video by doing research. These taxes have been reduced from 65 to ₹ 80000, so here also it means 65 to 80 thousand rupees. Should n't the expenses be reduced by reducing it? It should be less because now the people who live in Rewari.  There are 77 ex-servicemen, there are many defense people, there are many government employee deaths here because there is no corporate type story here, otherwise whatever it is, they are from Haryana Government or Defense Services or  There are many retired people, one thing is very unique, I felt that the discipline level of the people here is very high because most of the people come from government background, I am not of the opinion that other people do not have discipline, it is more in government but still there is one.  The feeling of a serviceman is the feeling of military brothers, it is the discipline that it brings to the city. A very good story can be played out here if I am a politician here or you people want to go here.  So you will be here because after the construction of Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor and here a very good logistics story can be played out. There are huge containers. Have you ever been in a train, you would have seen them from Rajasthan side and Gurgaon side.  That is a great desire, there are a lot of things, the railway station is visible somewhere, the train does not stop in the middle, but you can see what is happening outside, that one can be done less, here itself there is a lot of copper, it is very historic, good, it used to be less.  Its local was quite good but it is there but it has become very less. There is also a very good museum of a train here. If you people are from Gurgaon then please you should visit this museum. It is very good for you.  That steam engine and all that can be seen in Salman Khan's picture which you must have seen, which one was the one in which he is dressed as a wrestler in Rewari, he is made up, ok, ok, Sultan, ok, so good.  It is meant for time pass but it is not given that much tourist type, that too, something can be done for a story, here it is like village living somewhere nearby which brings people from outside the city.  It can be attracted, it can be made a resort, it can be made a farm house or those village living concepts which are there when tourism is done from outside, it can be done, your logistics can be done, your warehouse can be done, your copper jo that is less  If it can be done then there are stories but the rate of increasing it has now increased from 65 to 80 but if nothing else plays out the story then the growth will be at the same rate as the government employees increase because they are the ones who are the buyers. I would advise the people here who already live here inside Rewari, if you already have land, there is real estate, there is pay and investment, then do not put too much in it, just a little. Try to come towards Gurgaon. Along with this, give some information about Pataudi also. The rates of plots in Pataudi are very high but with that the rent paying capacity is not big, then this Jagi will fall, I will be finished, it will be less, no less, no less.  There will be time correction, here the rates have increased because Hooda has two or three sectors, one or two sectors, there is nothing much there, so the supply is very less, now people said, if you are reading the plot, then I am there.  I will take it, okay then those distance wise rates, according to me, that story has been played out, they may not increase that much right now, they are very big in Pataudi in the last one-two years, but they are becoming six. But what happens if I pass from some place, but in the place where I am staying, there is no Ronda check reduction, no fun, no system has come up to ensure that the ball is in front. went to a very good school there Or has gone to the hospital or something happens, that is nothing, it is just coming, I used to go from here to there in an hour, now I go from here to there in 40 minutes or come in 30 minutes but that distance is there isn't it? That distance is there so there is no system there. The story of Rewari can become popular if politics comes at the same point of time. I do not want to make this a political video but I feel that there can be a change which is now.  Ashadh is right, the Environment Minister is also there in the Central Government, he also belongs there a lot, if he shines in the politics of the area, then something can happen that in any small city, the first thing to look at is politics. People would like to have off course, I also want to have big Rewari rates, but mere wish does not help, everyone wants that I have taken, I have taken this stock, the share market should increase, oh brother, that businessman who  Who is running the company, how is he reducing it, will not define, how is the product, how is its demand, how is the company managed, what is the efficiency, if there is nothing to wish for, then if activator from Rewari gate, the place is fine, people are very nice but there  There should be a desire of the people, what else is it that the rates are increasing in these cities, it is the aspiration of the villagers to come to the city that is increasing the rates, but the people from outside are living in Gurgaon.  He is not coming to Rewari and buying, he does not want to live there. If a man from Rewari wants to come to Gurgaon, then it is a migration. Those villagers from the cities around Rewari will come to Rewari. People who have been living in Rewari for many years, now they are some of the people of Gurgaon.  If you come then New Gurgaon is a natural place for people who are in Rewari, it is naturally 35-40 minutes distance from your city and the rate is good.  End of course job opportunities calling medical end and you all know that the debt will be collected a lot, okay so this is this, you can interpret Rewari, I hope you people must have found it a little logical, the rates of this thing have increased, there is a lot of increase in the near term without.  Other political Big thing is not happening Big thing is happening Big announcement by big players No announcement of 2-4-5000 crores Even if the logistics are done, warehouse will be built, DMC is going, such announcements are made only due to political will because one has to invite someone, one has to tell, we will give you the land, then the system there follows out when it becomes big. Banda comes to thousands, two to three thousand crores, jobs are generated for the local people, then less people come there, then people from outside also get jobs from somewhere, they have to come a little, all the locals are not able to take so many because  Not everyone has the skill set, 50% of the jobs are given to the locals, but 50% also had to be brought from outside because that is the skill set, the officers, the big people have their set of education, those who have been kept a little more, they can do it by doing more or less, when those people come.  If there are, then those people will come, then those people will increase the real estate. Unless something like this happens, then your rate of inflation will keep increasing at that rate and there has been a good surge recently, the story can be very promising. Because everything is in place, everything is in place, location, national highway connectivity, big highways, going, everything is good, after that, Rajasthan starts, there all the news is less old, people have more faith in free hold, you know, respect.  Vice if you travel for 15 more minutes then land is land only, there is no shortage of land in Rajasthan, all facilities, immunity infrastructure and it is only different by po. Monitor closely D Politics and Rewari As soon as the politics of Rewari changes, investment will come there, please tell me, thank you.