Hello friends, three classes, rich class, middle class, lower class, we will discuss about these three, which emotions drive maximum in today's India and what can be learned from it, the video is mostly for the middle class, which is my core audience, the video got very good response. You have made a play list for the middle class. There are approximately six to seven videos uploaded. All of them have good views and comments. We will talk about this. Rich class is driven by ambition. Lower class is having enthusiasm and middle class what is aspiration Hindi English I will do everything and will get to learn a lot from it Stay connected Those who are rich have ambition What is there in ambition and on top of that there is also a strategic approach and thinking that how can I achieve this  The path to achieve is the road map, I am here, I am rich, I have the ambition to reach here, I have to reach here, I have to reach like this, they have no ambition etc. Phones are coming in India, 5G is about to come, everyone is roaming around with 4G, people have started sleeping in the fan, those who sleep in sweat are confused if a motorcycle will come, they have driven by date, they do anything, they get something and it is bigger.  Waiting, there is happiness which is middle class na ji whom I am pakadunga which you people are my audience, if not then please subscribe the channel, it is fine now there is only aspiration.  The aspiration is that I want to become a lazy person sitting like this, corruption should end, politicians should become good, everything should become good, Radha will dance, it is a saying, haven't you heard it, okay, so nine people should become oil.  She is waiting for me to buy this car, I should become this, raise myself so high in motivation, that too is going on, the program is fine, no motivation is needed, I am ambitious.  There is ambition, there is nothing in the middle class, if the middle class has a mobile then they have been using the internet for a long time, they are doing a lot of things, they do n't get any excitement, there is only one thing in the house, the children are studying well.  In school, they are getting paid on daily basis. The middle class is not getting any growth. The lower class is not getting any growth in India. Whatever is being done by the government today, whatever is killing our system, whatever is killing the ecosystem, whatever is progressing in our country, that is everything.  Roads are being built somewhere, some good things are happening in transportation, there is benefit of government schemes, even if it is in education, their intrism is intact, middle class is fulfilling their aspirations, their body does not have the strength of middle class.  See for yourself among the children. Go to any middle class family. Today you will meet many people. No one in the middle class family is getting intrinsic happiness. He does n't do this, she doesn't do this, nothing like this happens, there is too much negative. Networking is happening in the homes of the rich, phones are less trading, something is going on, the poor people should go somewhere, there is activity anywhere in small towns or big cities, the auto rickshaw driver is going, mom is coming, mother is coming, dad is coming, everything.  Someone is coming out, I am eating all this even in this crazy life, I am not this, I am not even this, I am not that, but I am telling the condition of the society that I have seen with my own eyes. The middle class in this filing country can be.  un Headlines Till now the middle class has taken a lot of pride in India reaching here and even today they say that middle class tax should I talk about further, not filing now because your children are not doing anything, preparing for the examination, contribution to GDP is very less.  This will continue to happen and the rich class is already contributing to the country. Those who do so much business and all that, I will not do for them, that is already happening, it was there earlier also but now the lower class is there. Female work participation is contributing more in lower class, it is extreme and it is middle class. Who will raise our children? Tell us if this education is not happening, in whose homes 22, 23, 23, 24, 26 year old children are preparing for competition.  He is preparing for the competition, he is giving birth to two children, his wife is worried about him and is giving him milk and tea.  The mother who is sitting at home, who has never gone out and got a job, and may be the father too, I will not even say whether it is a boy or a girl, a man, a woman, does not do anything for how long will that man continue to grind and aspire. They all need good ones. Children are preparing for some competition. Internet also needs good clothes. Fees are also needed. People need everything. People are going through a mid-life crisis, which I feel is the audience these days, isn't it? If you are of 45-50-55 then see what is happening in your house, what is happening, only one job group is required, it will not work less than Group C, even B will not work, there is only competition on my YouTube channel. No, I feel that I can explain it to people very well. If you are feeling pain, then the intention is to cause pain, then I am successful. If I am not causing pain, then you  not to speak  No, we are having fun, we are not feeling pain, we are laughing, it is important to laugh, but he is okay with the pain, we should make him shed tears like, hold these two words and 'ke jejma', look at your child, there is something like this in him and you.  There is something like this in the middle class, this is how it is happening, Diwali has just come, you all must have lit the lamps, the oil in the lamp is running out, the oil in the lamp of the middle class is getting exhausted, I am short of coming every day and pouring two drops, will I be successful?  of  Would you guys please help by putting a couple of drops of oil in your lamps so that the flame can light again and bring someone from the lower class, don't be afraid to do less. Amma Jaan used to say that no business is cheap and small. In which picture?  What dialogue is there? Is this dialogue something like this? This dialogue is not in the picture but is in the picture. This dialogue came later. I have heard it long ago in Gujarat because even the people in the picture write that all the dialogues should be original. Mahakaal must have been heard somewhere. Please stop hitting people who are rich because they are rich, you will never become rich. You insult the government but if your child is preparing for a government job, then why should you insult the government? You will not become rich because it has entered your entire conscience.  You are insulting the government system, you are insulting the government and want to become a government servant, what is this, brother, tell me what you are saying, is it something good, if you want to know what is this?  If there is logic, then take enthusiasm, learn from your Lor class, the maid who comes to your house, does the work in seven houses, what time she picks up, I keep interviewing them and if you want me to show genuineness by taking this interview, then also tell me because my  Many people wrote to me that if you are from a small town and who else earns less than Rs 25-30 thousand, then what documentary do you want to make, then you will go when I tell people who this is.  Does anyone earn such money from Jabong Flipkart, tell me, I will go today, I will tell you the address, which people have doubted in the previous comment section, brother, I will write, A, go and install it, I will tell you, I am telling about Gurgaon, rest of Mumbai and more.  We get it because the middle class is like this, they are not even aware of what is happening below. Hey, you who are listening to me, only those who come to your house to sweep and mop the utensils, the broom and mop are different.  There will be a shadalak of utensils, in many houses the food comes. Ask them brother, what time do you wake up, in which houses do you do it, how many children are there in your house, how do you manage, try to learn something, I am not of this kind, Sara.  Go, I am not even suggesting that your wife should go and start sweeping and mopping, but at least you will get some of her jayjam's spirit to live because she says that she is enjoying right now, every penny that can be earned in India is earned.  You have collected clothes, you have studied and the middle class girl is sitting like this, I had a phone 10 years ago, I had internet even 8 years ago, so I have been roaming around for 20 years, nothing, you look forward, your aspirations are fulfilled. You are saying again and again, middle class, you are becoming poor everyday if your growth.  It is not happening today, check your growth every month, network, check it for 3 months, check it for 6 months, if your growth is not happening, then you are becoming poor because it is like running on a treadmill and IF you are coming from this place, you will never get it.  You will have to run away, you have to change yourself at the just level, you have to raise awareness, first believe that you are doing right, first stop crying, he ran away with the loot, when it means crop, crop means when it rains, the temperature will be like this, then I will leave the house.  I will leave and then I will give it again, it does not happen like this, that ideal situation is never going to come that whatever you were thinking, everything is fine, the politician is good, everything is done, that is how the ultimate situation is according to you and then it will be said that there will be a reason waiting for you.  There was the great middle class and the great children of the great middle class, the entitled children will not be the untitled class, those children are someone else and are occupying there because if I tell them to anyone  If you want to keep it even at Rs 25000, then the one who has gratitude for Rs 25000 that brother, my life is getting better, then that person becomes more happy and gets less and gets enthusiastic about whether he should be kept or the one who is Rondo Mala, he will give only Rs 25.  What will happen to me at the age of 25? These energy levels look like restlessness and they are not even given jobs worth Rs 25000 or Rs 2 lakh.  They are not getting even 25 rupees from them, they are not kept from them, if they are not kept from somewhere, then some solutions will also come for this, I will not leave on helplessness, but in today's video, please change the words at your thought process level. Three: Ambition, Aspiration and Enthusiasm. Remove aspiration from it because there is no action in it. So anyone can do it. The aspiration is to get married to a girl and buy a car.  Bangla ae jaaye hain is a song of the middle class, isn't it a little lift kar de, aise waise ko diya hai kaise ko diya, thod bangla hotel kaat dila de, okay, so brother, nothing will be achieved by singing this song, it will be achieved by doing dila de.  It is said to Ramdev ji that it is okay by doing, but it is not done by seeing, Anulom Vilom Kal Bharti, if you do something, it will take something inside, see what will happen after seeing, okay, please share, if the pain has reached, then let me know.  A little success has been achieved. Those who enjoyed it, write the image. There should be joy in life. If it is okay then there was an impact of value addition. There was a little progress in making it move. If it is shaken then something can be explained further and explained to those who know English.  Enjoyed writing please thank you very much