Hello friends, I have come up with me next how to study, there is a playlist of my how to study, it is going very well, now after many days I am shooting its video under which I want to make you a consultant, I want you to be involved in the decision making of life.  It is real times, this situation is not an imaginary situation, so today's very unique how study it is, it is a how study of a rich family with son and daughter-in-law and what issues came in it.  Different types of issues come up and it is very important for girls, it is important for some boys also, it is okay for girls who get married, their daughter should be good, her family should be good, you will get a lot of learning from it, you will get practical learning in this. And this one is for you to share in the society so that everyone gets benefited. Some of the videos say I share, some say I share, so this is a sharing video, you are going to share with your family guru and you who are in this situation.  If we identify with it then we have also seen it happening or it has happened with me or it is the power or I have seen someone's good ID, so let's start writing the ID, how did the issues arise in it, what did they arise, so here I always keep in my imaginary.  If I can't take the names of actual characters, then I will take the names of Rohit and Neha and tell them to those who read mine to choose someone. The names are not like any real Rohit, so Rohit and Neha are boy and girl. Neha's parents.  There was an arranged marriage and a relationship with some acquaintance, a boy who is Rohit, he belongs to a very rich family, rich means in your face, big house, big car of Delhi, which one is this big one, Mercedes, BMW, this kind of car, servant, affair.  Saree facilities and this girl belongs to a normal middle family and like you selected her like this, it's okay, by doing this, she got more relationships like everyone has, Neha is also a girl who likes it, okay?  Neha is also a girl who has come in different relationships because when an issue arises in the consultation, everything is asked during the discussion, everything about the client is known, so many relationships like these, the man rejects her on some basis.  No, the boy is good, the work is good and the money is working, but the father is poor or something or his taxes are an excuse, three months, two saints, this is how people reject the selection, it is a fact and it is also a right, but how can the stories play out further?  make out  Caste is the same, how is this a study and this happens with ghosts, so now the boy who came told them that there will be a marriage, yes, you do not need to spend much, there is no money in the girl's marriage in the Dhvani family. Going on, how will the girl's luck be better than this and are you just giddy? Expenses don't mean anything, they are not from such a rich family because they come and go, whether they have ceremonies or go to see each other, then one thing.  somewhere  When you hit the address, you see the money and Neha will live in such a big house and you can see a car, the big drivers are also the ones who are wearing caps, not wearing caps on top, the white ones and the drivers are of all types but  They are those people who have 25000 tanga. Okay, so that person will come and get married. Now the catch in the story is that Rohit does little in his father's business. Rohit does little in his father's business. So, it is called a family run business. Read it.  It is written, okay, it looks good, the marriage went as it did in the beginning, now these two couples have come, there was no conflict between Rohit and Neha, there was marital counseling, there was no conflict between Rohit and Neha, normally, the husband is in the medical council.  Wife's is here, how is it unique, that's why I am coming with study, okay interesting, how am I coming with study so that I can learn something new, what was wrong, what is the matchmaking masala in marriage and  She also got home made vegetables in the design. Nothing is given to her daughter-in-law Rani ji as a waste, but she did not even talk to Bhavrani much that no one is torturing the daughter-in-law due to caste. The torture is happening that the daughter-in-law is not being talked to at all. He is not being involved at all, Sansa has his own rich circle, his own kitty party, he is his own and if the son wants to go for a story, then father's money, mother's money, where should the son go, go to Switzerland.  I had gone to Switzerland just 4 months ago on the ticket, that check is also there, son, you reduce the salary, it is not for anything less that Neha's salary was Rs 50-8000, which she was asked, what job will you do and that too  It felt like such a rich family where the driver's salary is Rs. 30000 and the driver's three-three-four-four servants are roaming around, so what will a salary of Rs. 60000 do, they live on a new bed but in this house.  What will the food be cooked, when will it be cooked, how will it be cooked, which guests will come, brother-in- law and restrictions, misbehavior is not happening, bad mouthing is some Nuri strawberry, a narcissistic behavior is happening from inside, both of them are becoming flowers, both of them are not okay with us. This is another small excuse of Rohit's, Rohit's younger sister is also there, she has come sometimes, she is getting married, she also has Rakhi, it is okay for the younger sister, like sometimes the difference is not much.  Girls get married first, caste is theirs, they get married first, they get a big basis of hospitality, son-in-law gets big basis of hospitality, they have a separate camera, if the house is big, then there is a dedicated room, is n't it just for the son-in-law and the daughter and their clothes?  Do you ever live there? By typing Jain, he also gets a lot of respect but this couple is not getting it. Neha is not able to understand why she is not getting it because this is the matter of concern, it is the consultation fee, this is my kind of thing. why pay fees  If there is no problem, then this problem was a very unique problem, it was very new for me, this kind of problem keeps coming, but the situation in their case would be quite unique.  There was no harassment in this. Pratap was not affected by this nor was it that Neha thought that first Karva Chauth would happen. See how the study videos will be a little long but will give you complete pleasure if you watch this like a shot I am under pressure 9  It cannot be made in minutes, it has to be done gradually because it is real life, there are real issues and you can also become a consultant by understanding all these things. If you take platinum membership, you will become more quickly. There is also a happiness course there.  But I want to learn everything better from Astrology Life Course, but you can learn as much as you can for free here, learn it now, okay, I am enjoying the interesting and real imaging, okay, so what now, when Karva Chauth has come, now the girl's mother will do it tomorrow.  Rakhi is married, do you know the girl's mother has to do it six times a day, how is it, what is going on, everything will continue till the in-laws house, then I will keep it for my father-in-law, then for you, first is your Karva Chauth, first is Karva Chauth.  Function and daughter-in-law, you cooked food first today, today you have this fear, nothing, nothing, here, controlling in these terms of this is my house, she is clear, does not insult but is also not involved, so this means that Neha is like this.  I am fresh and I am not being ragged, I am not being respected, this daughter-in-law's game is not happening and then slowly her self- esteem is getting low.  If you look at them as normal then you will think, what a crazy, stupid couple they are, what is your problem, but if you listen properly, if you understand, then that problem is also a lot. When Sa says that my guest has come.  If you want, you can say Namaste to them. How do the people here come here, S 's relatives are S's friends, they are S's friend caste, these hungry people don't even get it, why are you hungry darling? On top of that, you mean Sachin's accident.  It is he who told me, how are you, that Sachin accent, that is the concept of showing your face, not that neighbors keep coming due to relatives or marriage, you have shown your face, nothing, yes, do not say anything, it is not ours, why should we take money?  So Dhaniya is sometimes less than Dhaniya because middle class people have got married. Now look at this girl Neha, she is sleeping with her mind, she also doesn't know the syllabus, what is the syllabus of marriage, sir.  His mother is telling who the mother is  It is a normal middle class family, there will be a wedding, a big hi-fi place, there is nothing there, it is nothing, all these people are thinking that you have given something to S, you do not want anything from it, never even near Sans, so now this is something to him.  Feeling of giving, not taking, power is normal, isn't it there in the daughter-in-law, that some festival has come, some have come, a saree has come for S, the girl's family has come with some fruits, some have brought fruits here, that is not something, is n't it you?  means to show the lamp to the sun  It means that if you do something like this here and the opposite is not happening, it is not happening, then S is saying, today there is a saree for you, today there is a function here, today I am going there, okay, they go to their weddings, story.  Let's go that my friend, what is that meaning, meaning, you see this, these stories play out, if you go to the working palace and watch the Crown serial, Prince Diana 's story, then I don't know who you see, you will identify like this.  It is a big lesson that you are getting marriages done in rich families, the girl's people are raising their faces in such a way that the girl will be very happy, the girl is not happy, yes, this is how it is done there, but she is also stopped many times because they control her all. Below is above and there you will wake up at this time in the morning, at this time the commotion will start, then in such houses, Swamiji and Guruji also come, rich people have Guruji for everyone, by the way I am telling you, it is very token, Guruji is mine.  but I belong to someone I am not a personal Guruji, it is okay, I am a normal man, okay, normal Guruji, but the types on higher note, specific type that you have bought me, do not come, but they are there, a Guruji comes to the house, Guruji with types, everything is okay.  They come and take anything as their own and go ahead. Okay, great service is being done to them, everything is happening. Now the girl is not able to understand anything and whatever the boy is, he goes to her again and again. There is some fighting and quarrel too. Why do parents tell him that this is our house, it will continue like this, it is like this and we will have to reduce it, then after hearing all this, what is left in the consultation, this is what is happening.  If there is a solution, then in the solution, as I started, I also said, listen, why do you live there and I, Rohit, will you do a job for me? You tell me, I have such and such problems, I do so little, that is not the strength of a gram. Neha Neha's marriage was done after seeing this house, she was married after seeing the BMW, she was not getting it anyway, she is not getting to sit in the Mercedes BMW because it is the third car in her desire. Third, fourth, small, meaning Desire vegetable, which caste is there in which those butter snakes go, the daughter-in-law of the house is this caste, the car must be good and he also takes the driver, the third driver is also that driver.  Not wearing a cap, not a white cap, just to have some fun so that it remains light, I said, your driver is not wearing that, our driver is not wearing it, okay, so I said you show your strength, you can't show your strength, you tell me, there he is so called.  But atrocities are happening, but even in atrocities, they live in a room of 14 by 16 feet. I asked the tile account here, I did not know the size, because then I can count the Katli. In your atrocities, you have a 14 by 16 feet camera. won't get it wo n't get it  I say, I am getting the wardrobe, I wo n't get it, okay, yours is from above, it is above, as below, there is more relief, everything lives below, those parents live above, there is privacy, I also have privacy and I am your freedom.  There is a kitchen, it is a kitchen type, yes, there is also a small lobby, where you can sit, you can call someone, I am you, you are crying in pain about your food, you cook, you eat as per your convenience, sir, he does n't eat, okay?  Have Rajma Rice everyday  After wearing that food, it is not divided, it is allowed to be made separately, ask everyone's daughter-in-law, Rani, whatever she wants, whether it will be made separately for her or not, then whatever will be made, what was the salary of the girl, what was the salary of the boy, how much is her network and she and she are simple.  It's like what do you need your son's hand, what do you need, we have only yours, what do you need, at least ask for it right now because you have been audited, if you marry someone, give them your salary. In the family business, he earns Rs. 2 lakhs. If he works in the morning and evening, then for Rs. 2 lakhs, now you will ask otherwise what is he doing with it? He is shipping it. The girl has beaten his wife. He is bringing gifts worth Rs. 700. But if you have to ask for ₹ 2 lakh, if you are in a desperate mood then you get it, if you are in a good mood, then you are giving something to your daughter, come on, take it, and Bakshi system is going on. Such a husband means home.  So it is very big, if you have to buy clothes, if you have to buy saree, if you have to buy jeans, then you will know what you are buying, buy a shirt of ₹ 10000, Bharat shoes of ₹ 15000, they come to you for 17000, that T-shirt V18 of 20000.  You also want to wear it, you have come, the horses leave the horses, then they live as per their capacity, they do not give up, they have to obey me, I followed them, no one listened to me, I said that  Take a salary of one lakh rupees, your salary of Rs 60000 will become Rs 1 lakh 60, make your own house, make your own, come and stick your selfie and maintain good relations and two feeling titles. It is a bit strange that parents are behaving like this.  I am not doing it even on my own, but brother, blessed by the parents, it is their wish, it must be theirs, this is a way, so now in this, it is the thought process of the parents.  I have not talked to them but I am talking about the thought process of the parents that we took the girl, we spent Rs. 24 crores on her wedding, infact the reception was less than the wedding, we organized it because it was our circle, we gave her the money for the honeymoon, sir, we are at home. Let's go, don't give them rent, do n't give them electricity bill, don't give them internet, it's okay to give them a car, they have given a desire, they have given a BMW, we are okay, but they have given a desire.  He and he are caste with the driver, we also fill his petrol, we also give his insurance, we also do his maintenance, if all this is the milk bill, his bill is okay to eat, the food is not of any kind to him, Mirchi wala and he.  He doesn't get any kind of food all the time. When Guruji comes, he gets something special by giving him some kind of air, puri and oil, what should they do? They don't have to do anything, father, it doesn't cost even a single rupee, because less does so much. How much does he actually do because when he started talking, I started fighting more, so I said, it was your honeymoon period, so what time did you go to office, father came at 12:00, he must be intelligent, he is newly married, is it okay if someone is an employee?  If you are someone's then you can say this, I am newly married, yes, no, how many days have passed, it must be 15 days, in 15 days, the marriage should be old, it is the caste and not the employee's.  Will keep getting married 5-10-15 days, 20 days leave, there was a new generation, the matter is bad and in this house, Neha will never be happy, I don't think there is power because there will be a child in the future, there will be expectations and what happens if the parents are very equal.  If there is a type, then the girl who has come does not get to eat food every day, she does not get the sucrose of servant cycle, she does not live in the house, she gives her story to the car, she pays the electricity bill, in order to keep her parents equal, I too am in my mother's mind.  to this I am supporting him with Rs 20 lakhs to keep food and drink in the house and he must be giving her something too, now if he does n't get that then I told him, so that he does n't get psychological trauma, I said friend, tell me one thing, he gave her a suit, she gave him a saree, how much did she give him?  I just gave you 2 lakhs 3 lakhs, this is going to be given to you for 30000 rupees, the rent for the place where you live is 80000 rupees, if you live in G area, if it is in that area, then I will stay in that accommodation. And you read the story even in a poor competition, if you are in the middle, then you will read even 25000 stories daily. The stories that run in NCR, the maid's fare, the servant's fare, the food fare, what about his, I, my grandmother will be missed, but I am the one who cannot walk.  No, I told Neha also, you do your job of Rs. 60000 for her, but now the parents of the girl should be happy that we will come, sometimes she does not meet in such functions, but the girl.  The issue of husband and wife can be solved very easily. Understand that I am giving you the solution, you are not happy, her house number, the one with whom she has repeatedly been short, that thing in the house built within a thousand yards, now you think about it.  There is an 18 fit thing that this Neha Rohit is living on here, he says to eat in two rooms, I have 14 and those are such big rooms, such a big kitchen and bathroom and store, it is not small, yes, that one downstairs.  It is small in comparison to the house, but you are a husband and wife, so I have two rooms together, so many houses and everything, car parking, but it becomes like this that if Neha's mother comes, then why not Shakti types?  If Neha's mother wants to stay, then stay in her own separate house. Why should the boy's mother meet the girl's mother? The girl's mother is not bad and the sensibility of the middle class is different, so if she is a mismatch.  When you were getting married, you did n't even know how rich people live and think. You thought that Bhogani will get all this. She is getting it, but she is not getting 100%.  Or she has controls on her or she is not getting the sense that she is mine because there are curtains and paintings inside the house, I saw her video from inside yesterday, so she cannot put anything of her own on it. Put a small wedding photo or in which one? Everything else is set up, sofas are set up, everything is good like it is for rich people but Neha is not getting the feeling of playing house to house, this is the message, how is this a study for the society, it is a study for the society or not necessary.  Do you want your daughter to be happy because you have brought her into a rich family? What does the son-in-law do? Bill defines happiness and many a times you struggle and buy your own car and buy your own Amaze Honda City. You get more happiness because parents say.  You do it, he didn't feel like Rakhi, he himself meant this, he is having fun outside, he will read the story, he will also go, he has to give a presentation, there are dead lines, he has a target, he has gone, he has not gone, he has not gone, he has done something, if he doesn't do it then Please, whenever you marry a daughter, it is still very very noisy. How much is the standing of the son-in-law on his own, because what is the son-in-law's, can be the daughter's and not the father-in-law and wife's like the girl's parents.  There is no benefit to the son-in-law if the girl's mother has a sum of ₹ 25 crores and that too because with this, how can I reverse this study, there is also a reverse one where the boys thought that the girl would be of some benefit to a rich family.  You will get something, after doing it once, you got a habit of getting married properly, you got some clothes, you got a ring, a ring of gold, you got something, that's it, he has nothing, he is his son, he will give it to him later.  His daughter-in-law will also come. She also has to make her own arrangements.  Also, if you are old, then you have married yourself in a rich family and that daughter has come from a rich family, the maintenance cost is high, as if you have taken that flat in a very expensive condo and there you have to pay a flat at ₹ 7.  Is it taking away your life or did you accidentally get the car from your father-in-law, but you have to pay its insurance for the next year, he paid for the first year and he gave it to you, but you have to pay for the second year, right? 15  %  Even after the appreciation, its cost has come so much that it will cost you your life, then you think, do third insurance or I am doing this one for you, then the headlight is changed in its maintenance, it costs Rs 60,000, then don't buy such a car, then father-in-law.  Tell your brother to give me something else, friend, I will take it, I am giving you the full amount, don't give tax but tax it to your daughter, if she has her own tension to travel, then it is enough attitude. People live in this world and they don't get that much. I am telling you that you have married, but the money is not yours, God, it is an illusion, it is Rahu, where the blessings have gone, they have not come in your hands, it is a mismatch marriage, do it on your own strength, marry someone else.  Do to the rich, do to the poor, whatever is your status, that is your status, see only that much, every person of yours wants my daughter or daughter to get married in a very rich and prosperous family, this is it, but I am getting even the slightest benefit from this.  it will happen he is wrong So maybe we can change this wish also because there is no benefit, I will not give benefit, I do not get inheritance brother, nowadays earlier parents used to go for 50-55-60, now everyone goes for 8590, that is a good thing, I am planning to do it soon.  Honey, let Rakhi be like this, but the one who goes at 90 will leave at 90 and at 90, when he leaves behind the 85 year old woman who will live for 95 years, then she and  If you give it for 10 years then nothing will happen to your teeth, your teeth will be taken out, your children will get married and have children, then they will say, my dear, why did I suffer so much, I can marry anyone who can keep you happy.  Aa- can butter you as you are, can lift you, the victory of hanging on someone because it is possible that you are hanging on someone else, he is hanging on someone else and he does not want to hang and he gives the rope like a cat and then fans like this.  There have been many such couples.  The pain is enough, how did you like the study, tell me, this kind of content is not being made on YouTube, subscribe, you can just join Infob Winner Group, if you want to take more platinum membership for doing Vinash picture anytime, then you can also take platinum membership in this video.  Like it and share it, this is a thing like Indian Institute Discuss, it is useless to discuss religion and politics, this is real life, why don't we discuss it.