Hello friends, today I have brought a case study in which a rich boy is from a rich family and he is marrying quite low in that means he is bringing a literal girl from a poor family, so I am telling you the gist of such cases so that you can learn identification from it. Now it is asked that in similar movies it is shown that why would a boy from a rich family marry a girl from an equally rich family, then there is a reason - I fell in love with the girl, I found the girl beautiful, I liked her nature, I liked her love.  Marriage is done, that is one second. In many cases, as a family, you take it in this way that brothers are acquaintances, they are like this and let's do it and the girl must have good nature. Many people also think that we  If the family is so rich then the girl who comes from a not so rich family and will get all the privileges and everything here will be very good for her and in a way she will always be in my life long favor or should I say more openly because here  There is no fourth channel of diplomacy, it will remain subdued, it will remain in favor, it will remain under thumb, this is the thinking of many rich houses, there is a lot of trouble, yes there is a lot of trouble, even in such a situation there is no guarantee. This is a case study of any template.  The perfect example is if a girl has lived a life of relative deprivation where she traveled in cars, buses or public transport and got a chauffeur-driven car instead of the one she used to travel in.  If you get a car, it means it took a lot of steps, it means she was like hair, now it will be here, all the steps in between are gone, like buying your car, taking a loan on MI, this is the end of all the struggle, straight from here to here means silver spoon.  No, here in Gold Spoon Wali, I am trying to tell this in a simple way and this is not an address for the girls from poor families, I am trying to tell others that as per the video, This template is not fool proof, do not assume that someone will ask for it, its default setting starts from here that if you have chosen me, then I deserve it, and if for some reason you people have taken such a decision and got married.  So now you have to see that she is the daughter-in-law of your house, now don't show beyond that that you shouldn't ring or do n't you see, we have many such mother-in-laws, mother-in-laws, mother-in-laws and daughter-in-laws, and this is the history of 1000.  There are fights on the regions, but here, if the mother-in-law is showing favor to the mother-in-law, then the next one will not agree. I am trying to say this and you people will be very upset with this rich family that, well, we were like this and this is not even a favor to them.  Don't you agree? You brought her clothes, her jewellery, anything like that, she is not impressed with her attitude and you are feeling that no, we just get a doll and then she behaves as per our wish.  That they don't accept so much favor, they don't accept, this is the thing of 2024 that I am telling you people and you people have to understand this thing, whatever the marriage relationship is, in terms of money, there will be no guarantee that it will happen like this, it will not happen on the contrary.  There are more chances of it happening, it is a relationship of hearts, do not apply with this kind of mind and my suggestion would be that you should always try to be like this, which comes out of a squeeze in my wrist, get married anytime when there is too much status.  There should not be any difference, at least it should be a little, it is not like mango is milk, even if people weigh 2.8 kg, that too is not equal to 2.8, but this mismatch and it should not be too much because in this, what people are doing.  He is rich, whether he is a girl or a boy, he is thinking that I am doing him a lot of favors. Next, he is not accepting anything and it starts getting irritating in the beginning. You should marry me close to your equals in status in money.  You will not be able to get almost wealth in money but somewhere close then those shades of yours will remain those things which are out of them and the second thing in this too, I will put a small case study further inside this case study.  The parties are fine, one is very rich, the other is rich, okay, not that much, but some where there, now how has this money been earned, will also make a lot of difference, the one in business, this kind, that kind, what kind You know everything because he does not come out, he had hinted in some videos earlier also and son, like your Chhotu, you want to deal that son, after us, everything belongs to him and he will be after us after 35 years. This is also a big topic of grinding and fighting for both of them. That's even in marriage. Also, the person who is doing it does not get anything. He is an employee of an employee. A rich man has a self- respect that he is working and getting work and he has a respect that whatever work he does, he gets money which flows or in even cases, in the case of son-in-law, that thing.  They don't get that respect, they don't even hesitate and it's such a favor that we don't know what is your fate and what is yours, should we feel for you every day, wake up in the morning and perform aarti in our name.  Because we selected you, we did not take anything, otherwise we don't have to do it like this. Whatever child is coming, the girl is coming from any family, you have selected her on any basis, she belongs to your family and after being part of your family, she is coming.  Now you don't have to do half-heartedness, now she is your daughter-in-law, now whatever status your daughter-in-law should have, that is her status and the car in which she is going, there is no favor beyond that, the house in which she is living, the servant, has she ever done anything to her husband?  Parents had seen it, yes, no, now she is seeing it, then she is feeling that there was something inside her, that is why you selected her, and generally, something or the other happens, beauty, colour, qualification, job, love, love, there is always some reason.  Just like this, will you pick up and bring a little or not? I want to play poor, I have become rich, I have to play poor, no one will bring like this, there was something or the other that attracted you, like a family or like a boy, now whatever attracted the boy.  So the psychology of that girl is that it became equal to I deserve it and once you came into her mind that this side deserves it then you cannot become a hero beyond that. I am giving this message that my videos come as a mirror of the society.  There are many people in it, if they do not like their appearance or something does not look right, then there is dust on the face, mirrors, do not clean the mirror, do not say to me or no, do not do such things, they get distracted, this is right and never like this. It never happens like this, I ca n't even make a video, never ever, everyone is the same, all the rich are good, all the rich are bad, or all the poor are good, all the poor are shapes, sizes, everywhere, all types of people.  We don't get to do that much but this thing that I have told you, brothers and sisters, you have to be careful about it, do n't put anything as a favor anywhere and many people do not help the girl's family to spend the money in the wedding function, the boy's family does not help them.  too high that understanding  Let's take further footage on this, do n't do favors for anything in relationships and this is the same advice for girls too. If you have done something or if you have done it then you deserve it, if you do n't do it then don't do it, don't do favors. Why don't you take a favor, don't take it at all, if you have done it, don't do it, no, we will respect you so much, we will give you so much jewelry, which will remain in the locker, which cannot be eaten, sold, or loaned.  You can't take it, you can't do anything with it, it will remain lying somewhere, then when there will be a marriage in the next family, then they will go, then they will get their photos taken like a doll, then they will be kept again, okay, then nobody is impressed, those are real, you know, the times of 2024  This year is the eighth year of Saturn for everyone, it is showing the real status of their life to everyone, what a great year it is, there are still four months left, weddings will still take place and it is the wedding season. More videos on weddings are coming. If you want and have demand then please write in comment section. Thank you very much.