Hello friends, the topic is about relationships and confusion in relationships. There is a lot of confusion in some relationships. We will discuss. With how many people do you agree with? Do tell me first. Relationship with father. Generally, you must have heard the saying that the father should be a friend. Father should be a friend.  When the children grow up, friend, the biggest disease has now come into the world, in our world, that is, the world of India, of the middle class, that outsiders are making family and the family members are  Making a friend means making a friend a family, brother, you are my brother, friend, you are my brother, father has to be made a friend and friend has to be made a brother, everyone has the same father, so father is the only relation, that is to the father. Let it be, father, and all the fathers who are listening to me, please do not become a friend of yourself or your children. I tell you the passion behind this, whatever you say, you have to become a friend so that they can talk to you.  You should be able to express your heart, there should not be any communication gap, there should not be much hesitation, closeness is what I want to say, just like you can do with friends, this is the basic feeling, for that also you do not need to be a friend, you are such a father.  You can do it wherever you want, there is no need to call him friend, friend, it will not happen, he will come and put his hand and say, put it on, father, you also put one on, are you boring me today, don't you want it and if you are putting it on him also?  Even if the relationship is going on till now, don't call me friend, say father is father, father is father, then I told him that there is confusion about this thing, the second thing is that there is a lot of confusion, the mother-in-law, who is the mother of the boy, wants to make the daughter-in-law a daughter and speaks like this.  Hey, we don't have a daughter or are you like my daughter or I will keep you as a daughter, I will not keep you like a daughter, all the mother-in-laws are requesting Maa with folded hands, please treat your daughters-in-law like daughters-in-law.  Keep it in itself, it is a very beautiful and wonderful relationship, there is a formality in it, there is a respect and again there is a request to all the daughters-in-law, please treat your mother-in-law like mother-in-law, do not treat mother like mother, you can tell mother anytime.  So you can say anytime, hey mother, give me some tea, you can say to mother-in-law, hey, my leg is hurting, mother-in-law can't come with a net and say, you can do anything to your daughter, fight, quarrel, fight between mothers and daughters.  fights Everyone knows that they become one again by the evening. Is it like this in mother-in-law's feelings? Is there a fight in the morning or in the afternoon, will they unite by evening or will it take 2 years to four years to recover? I will remember when it comes to daughter-in- law.  So the memory of ladies becomes very sharp, they do not forget, with daughters they are forgotten, so why are you making her a daughter, why are you giving her the misconception that you are my daughter, no?  There is no need to misunderstand, son, you are our daughter-in-law, you are the daughter-in-law of this house, younger daughter-in-law, elder daughter-in-law or only daughter-in-law and that in itself is a very respectful relation. We will treat you like one, we will respect you and this is a beautiful.  Relation and I am your mother-in-law, son, daughter, daughter, you can say it with your mouth, daughter, it is like this or, earlier it was said if earlier if you remember the original word.  So the word used to be daughter-in-law, okay, that daughter-in-law is the word of mouth to get a maid to do the work, but the fact was that the word was daughter-in-law, younger daughter-in-law, elder daughter-in-law, earlier the old one, nowadays it has become like this, let's say daughter-in-law, it's okay but at the same time.  You should know in the back of mind that this is not yours, she is someone else's original daughter, she is your daughter, so whether daughter comes out of your mouth or you say it, it remains word of mouth, okay, so it can be similar now.  Now tell the girl's mother about the boy's mother. If the girl's mother has a son-in-law, then the son-in-law is the son-in-law, he is not a son, there is a big culture in Haryana, Punjab, North India, it is also very good, he is a stand-up comedian, one of our pride.  Yes, Gaurav Gupta ji, he has told how there is respect among the baniyas, just as there is respect among the baniyas, if the son-in-law is not respected, then make him a nose ring, but do not make him your son, he is not your son, he is someone else's son.  It hurts a lot to hear, I also make such videos here, I too am judged, I am also judged, I myself have to tell my hair in the same way, new people come, don't the old ones know that the whiteness of knowledge is due to age.  He is not white but still he is very important. Son-in-law is a lovely relationship in itself, it is a relationship of respect, it is a relationship of distance, because if you make him your son, then you will immediately calculate the property, he is your son, do all those things, she is your daughter.  So  If you have anything to do with your daughter, daughter-in-law, then she is not yours, nor is she your brother. Everyone knows that there is so much interference from the son, so son, you have spoken, see, it is very easy to speak, then when those actions happen, they will not be tolerated by you, son-in-law.  If you build it, that son will tell you every day, sell this fort, buy this, buy this plot, buy this flat, tax this money, how much is yours, how much is this, why are you wasting it, not you, son, how can you enter like this, how can you tell us?  So there is distance from the daughter?  You will discuss together, for those who have daughters and those who have sons, then brother and son-in-law, only those bastards will come to tell you who is son-in-law. Now, brother-in-law, he does not tell in the animal picture that why does Papa do this? This is why this and this is kept on the head, this is a fact, there should not be any confusion, I am not telling anyone, neither should there be confusion between the mother-in-law, father-in-law, nor should the son-in-law ever be confused. Son-in-law, because in these things which I am telling you, if you get your mind even in a relationship, then the relationship will work fine, life will work fine, there will be no confusion, if the mother-in-law does not understand or not, I will call her daughter, just like my daughter.  I actually feel like torturing her because I can get away because my daughter doesn't strike back beyond a limit because she is my mother, she has created me so easy, what are you, what have you done?  your sister  Why will the daughter tolerate nonsense? The son will tolerate it. The son-in-law will not tolerate nonsense. The daughter-in-law will not tolerate nonsense. What have you done for them? What 25 years of history have you shared? There should be a little more etiquette there and in the same way your mother-in-law and father-in-law are.  So there should be more good manners there also. Here I am asking for good manners from both the sides. These youngsters can get away by saying too much to their parents or by showing displeasure or by becoming bitter.  I am telling you that whether it is a boy or a girl, the same is not true with the parents of your spouse, you will have to give it the status of a formality and it is an attempt to force and put a barrier from both the sides, misunderstandings happen, many times it is the child.  A new daughter-in-law comes, she feels that she is really getting the love of a daughter, but what are the expectations from inside, it is different from that of a daughter, a daughter will come sitting from her mother's house.  Are you enjoying, are you doing something? Are you ever doing it? That is not the expectation. Then please clear the syllabus and tell me. Paper son, your paper will be checked like this and your paper is being checked like this, both.  The difference is that she is on level one, you are playing a video game on level four and as it is the difficulty level in any video game, your son is different who does not force everyone to do it one by one and then moves ahead.  Friends, even among friends there is only one thing that brother is not brother, I had told once in the video that your friend is not your brother, if you don't have a brother, you just don't have a brother, don't start making relationships with you.  Don't have, this is a different fantasy of people, those things are different, if it is not my daughter, then my daughter-in-law will become my daughter, no, if it is not your daughter, then it is not your daughter, it is okay, there is no problem, then it is good.  It's okay, it's not your son, it's okay, you have a daughter and your son-in-law, you don't have a son, everyone ca n't have all the relationships, now go to China and see the reason for the one child policy, no one has a maternal uncle, no one has an aunt, no one has an uncle. No aunt, no uncle, no pupa, no aunt, there is no aunt because there is only one of them, father is alone, if father is alone, then uncle, aunt and aunt, then the relationship is over and mother is also an only child, then no uncle.  Isn't it the aunt, she is also living without all the relatives, you should have all the relations in India, I don't have a half brother, so there is no need to be sad about that, you have two daughters, you have yours.  You have a daughter, you have two sons, you have a son, you have a son as well as a daughter, people are playing in these same clothes, you should just know the dignity of relationships, friend, don't make brothers within friendship because you will make brothers and then yours.  Sister-in-law to wife  He will prepare it and then he will say, I have to eat Bhabhi ji's food, you don't do this work, Bhabhi ji is not the wife of any random acquaintance, she is not Bhabhi ji, she is Monica ji, Neha ji, whatever her name is, she just has 'ji' in front of her.  Bhabhi please do it to everyone, bhabhi ji, this is a very wrong thing going on. If any of the father-in-law's friends come to the house, then the daughter-in-law has no business sitting to greet them. If any of your mother-in-law's friends come to talk to her, don't say, 'Come, daughter-in-law, come, daughter, come here, come and sit, meet them, my friend, why should you even meet? What do you want to meet? If the youngsters call their friends and they say, come and sit, you are so old, so many.  They are free, their time doesn't pass, they want youngsters, they will have their own party, they won't invite their mother-in-law, anyone, they say, come mom, sit, I don't feel like being without you.  Everyone is planting one by one. You also plant a little. It's okay, it's cold right now, at least plant it. Nothing else happens. Youngsters do n't say like this, youngsters' work is going well, so why aren't your elders doing well?  Maybe your friend has come, that friend also comes and enjoys, sometimes what happens is that the mother-in-law also knows that it is fine, my daughter-in-law is fine, she is busy with her job, she is tired, taking care of the child, is she irritated or anything.  She is the mother-in-law, everyone knows about her family, she is also a bit mature, it is okay, but she is her friend who will come. Hey, I ca n't see where she is, why should I see her? Have you come to see her? Are you talking to your family?  You have come to talk, go out, as per the rules, the sizes of houses are increasing which are becoming normal in the middle class and that means there are restrictions on space, so brother, meet your friends outside, big parks have been built, big restaurants have been built. Community halls have been built, there are big public spaces where you can go and meet, something is free, somewhere you will have to spend money, meet comfortably, invite everyone, get together, they have come inside the house, now what is the matter, they have come into the house, now they are so rich.  Isn't she a full-time maid of middle class, she is standing in the kitchen and you will say like this, I am the friend, let's get some coffee and quickly make me some good coffee or tea. Either you will make it or you will be the daughter-in-law.  She will make you the one whom you call daughter because now it is better if she makes you daughter-in-law because you will be able to talk to her because it is again it is a bit awkward that you have a friend or you sit here and I go to the kitchen or so, friend.  It is close that you come let's go and make tea, you stand here, it is okay, that is natural, one half is like this, there is a relationship, it is ok, it is okay, many are so friendly that they come on their own and come as someone's sister.  Gone friend, she has come, she has come somewhere, friend, I will make tea, you stand with me, peel the ginger, peel it like this, it is rare, other wise, what are the expectations, what are the expectations that this one, this one, will come and give me this.  The only way to get freedom from the web of relationships is to keep a straight face. This Bo Sharma is not going to say in shyness, the one whose real brother is yours is his sister-in-law, there is no one else whose real life is there.  He is my wife 's brother, he is okay, he is the same, no other wise, I will tell you one more thing to the parents, you have to give reassurance to the elders also to your parents that you have to forward it to brother and children, there has to be a discussion in the family. Should this be the issue, people are dying by not watching my videos. When I share them, I silently enjoy it because when I share, I feel like you say it, man, this is nonsense, I hate it. Look at it from the point of view, I don't agree at all, Papa is talking nonsense, Guruji is talking nonsense, Guruji from Gurura is talking nonsense, this rarely happens, send it like this and write below that he is talking nonsense, still we will see what nonsense he is saying. So you are not being a judge because you have rubbished my thing, I am just telling it to the youngsters so that they can discuss what I have in the comments and still there is something inside.  At least the consciousness will awaken, the intellect and conscience will awaken. Parents too are sitting with everything, so what is the biggest mistake that the parents, their friends and their relatives are making. They think that their children, when they were little babies, used to roam around with uncles and uncles.  They all used to roam around in their relationships because they had something of their own, otherwise they think that now they are 25, 26, 30, 32 years old, their own relationships have become new, now it is the same.  You will pay attention and say Namaste as you used to do before and if you don't do it then you will get angry. You come and don't meet him, you don't meet him, you don't meet him, it's not like that, friend, that next generation has its own relations, he is your brother, your son is your wife's brother.  I like it very much, that brother-in- law gives a lot of respect to brother-in-law and brother-in-law, both of them are doing networking, some are doing business, some are investing money like that, the plot is of a flat, someone is of flute.  There is business, there is share holding, there is their same age group, they are more connected to her, they are more connected to Saali Sahiba, they are Saali Sahiba's husband who is the brother-in-law, because now their age group is the same, so there is no need to get irritated with them, O ho tu.  So why are your wives saying hello to your relatives and not your husband? I am telling you the women on your side that that relationship is somehow time limited, tomorrow you will fall behind more when you fall behind more.  There are parents, I have seen that whether it is a boy or a girl, they cut off their own parents, they harbor grudges, they do not meet your relatives, mother, father, I have harbored grudges against your relatives, come on, I don't even meet you, now eat grudges.  You will do it friend, why are you acting so foolishly, why are the elders taking such demanding programs? These days, your children should call you a few times, talk to you, say hello, then be happy, where does this tension come from, where does the confidence come from?  Coming, those sensible parents who know the writing on the wall, those who have been watching my videos long ago, those who are watching the changes taking place in the society, they are sensible, they should say son, yes, it is okay son, wherever you want to go and whomever you want to meet.  Yes, absolutely not fine, son, very nice, how are you and how is your brother and what is he doing, what is Rohit doing, meaning by doing like this, you will ask him, you will give him a feeling, if he does not complain then he will do it.  Why don't you go and meet him? Hey, he is not meeting you because he doesn't see any benefit, he does n't enjoy it, there is no common topic, there is no shade of future, you don't force him into that list and now people will slowly not go to his marriage. Wherever you used to go earlier, then relationships will become further distant, so you will not go even after death, this thing has to be realized, there is no time, earlier there was a lot of leisure, now there is not, it is difficult to earn money, it is difficult to maintain relationships, it is difficult to raise children, it is difficult to do a job.  It is becoming difficult to live, because of your own demand programs, because your life is going on smoothly, what is changing outside for you, because the women and the elderly who do not go out of the house, do not even know what the traffic is like for them.  So I don't know what that means, clutch accelerator becomes clutch accelerator, pain starts in the thighs, muscles get formed like this, you become shanagar, nowadays you have to go in so much traffic, irritation levels are different, demand.  Program aspiration is different, competition is different, job is not stable, so I wanted to share these things through this video, relax a little, be satisfied with the respect you get, and if you are not getting respect, you will get respect.  If there is such a shortage, then there is no medicine made in the market that is respectable, take two injections, take something with Vitamin D or B12, it is not made as per your self-esteem requirement.  And correct that and the one who lacks a lot of respect, take it from your spouse and tell your husband that friend, I am not getting respect from the son, from the daughter-in-law, from the son-in-law, from the daughter, from the new generation, you are not asking me, just ask and tell.  Neither those husbands and wives, who are elders these days, gang up and ask the next generation to keep spreading it, don't ask us, you ask each other, you ask each other and where the elders will go on one stage, all will come together.  So don't always go Swagan type, that picture was the one with Jitendra Rekha, it is not possible that they are at the same time, two ahead and one behind, you may have to live alone even for 10 years, so be mentally aware and stay for that thing, your siblings are yours.  There is a circle in it, move around, come, maintain your relationships and give respect to each other, which we are saying again and again, no one gives respect, it is not that no one is giving respect or  He is insulting her, he is not giving her time, you are not in his mind in his time, you are not in his time and mind because you are no longer relevant, you are no longer relevant, so now we have not even tried to be relevant, you never are.  Call them and ask, daughter, son, what service can we do for you? Well, let us ask, it should be our service, it should be theirs, this is a big topic in itself as to whose service should be served. Those who are sensible people would like us to ever take service.  Don't get involved in the situation, it may happen that brother continues to serve for 90 years, that is a well led life, a separate topic will be made on this, here I am leaving the cliff hanger type and going beyond that and want more clarity and topic because look 20 minutes.  The videos are fine till 40 minutes, it takes a little effort for many people to listen and then the topic also becomes different, so I want to leave it till now, brother, if you respect this.  There is a lot of clarity on the issues that are being felt to be rectified, all this is from paid consultation, I am bringing things with paid knowledge only, I have to give them for free because when I come after the free one, then  It comes from the paid person and then some more content will come in the paid person. If you want this raita and poison toxin one on one in your marital life and family life, then you can also take consultation.  The consultation fee is not low at all and this consultation is for rich people. I give this as a disclaimer and those who do not have money or do not want to take consultation, then open your notes slowly through these videos. I am getting some clarity, but absolutely brother, I need a dose of happiness, such injections will have to cost a lot, happiness course is also on mine, they also have all these things, so they are very cheap.  If you want happiness course then you can h2a in the comment section thank you