Hello friends, a very important topic is the rising number of bachelors in India and its 10 benefits. Today I will tell you the old audience, you will think that how come this sun has come out today, so yes, today I will talk to you about the rising number of bachelors.  What are its 10 benefits? So if you bachelors are listening to me and are getting very excited and happy then please leave a comment in the comment section.  Please write so that I can know how many bachelors heard it and those who are married, write M. Please do this for me. Watch the long video, you will understand well, everyone will enjoy. Everyone has to share this video. Married people also have to watch it, family members also have to watch it.  We have to see those who are not married yet. We have to see those who are not married. We have to see them someday. We all have to see. Irrespective of gender, let's start. 10 benefits of rising of bachelors in India. Those who are bachelors in India. Numbers are rising, their 10 benefits, but these 10 benefits are not of bachelors, no, bachelors are of no use to anyone else, who are these 10 people and what are their benefits, bachelors have to listen carefully, the biggest benefit of bachelors is numbers.  The biggest reason for increasing the number of bossenos is how many people do you agree with? Tell me, you will enjoy the numbers. Tell me, watch till the end. 10 people who are taking great advantage of bachelorhood.  If the boss of the rise is a bachelor on the job, then if you have any desire to travel then send the bachelor, whether it is a government job or a private job, as it is called, duty has to be taken out, hey, you go, you want to get the work done late, you can do it on weekends.  You have to get the work done, you do it because what excuse does a bachelor have? His wife cannot be ill, his wife cannot be pregnant, he cannot have children, he has only his parents, a married man has that.  There are a lot of reasons to cry, so Boseli has been there and they keep them with carrots and many bachelors think that they are doing well because they have not married. No, in Boseli, that dushere of sucking you is common, isn't it?  It must have been shown in the summer that they suck it like this and throw it away, they take out the bone, they do n't even take out the kernel, there is a kernel inside it, they don't even take it out, that kernel will be thrown away like this and no one will even take it out. So the buses have a lot of advantage, second country to the popular belief, because I am also told like this a lot, you want to get married, that's why you want to get married, you are real estate, real estate people have a lot of benefit from bachelors, we are very happy, today real estate people open up to me.  I have to bat because earlier I used to explain that if you get married like this, then do this, then today I am telling you that you who are listening to me as a bachelor and this is the rise of bachelorhood, brother, how will real estate increase?  It will increase because you will live on rent, because you will never buy a house. When you will never buy a house, if you pay rent throughout your life, then the investor will buy the house for you and will fully furnish it because he also knows that you cannot buy furniture because Today here, tomorrow there, Pushpa can go anywhere, Bachelor is fine, so Bachelor is sucked, land lords also suck, check in Bangalore, check in Mumbai, check in Pune, everywhere you get this.  Landlords will suck your soul in the coming times too, they will suck your money and you will never be able to buy a house because when you are a bachelor, what will a bachelor do? A bachelor should not buy a house because he will get it from his parents and will get it in a small town.  So the one working in Bangalore will not go. Robert will go to Ganj, will go to Supaul, will go to Basti, will go to Mirzapur, neither he wants rent there nor his parents.  Even if you leave something in Mirzapur, you don't have to go and live there, you have to sell it or you have the third benefit in front of you. Who are the people who have the most, you have to listen carefully, your soul will open, your eyes will open, you may cry, you may even laugh. 10  I am going to tell the point, Sugi Zomato people have fun, Bachelor why bachelor did not even cook Sugi Zomato, do married people not do Sugi Zomato, yes they do but twice a day  Don't do it thrice, don't do it every day, do n't do it for the whole month. Bachelor Sugi Zomato do more. Will do more in future. Main Sher Sugi is coming. It is listed on Zomato. I am not asking you to buy but put it in the watch list in your screeners etc.  Check it out and check that if it is going to progress then these bachelors will increase it. Bachelorhood has to rise, no one is saying here to get married, don't do it at all because there is a lot to benefit from you people, people say hey.  You get married and then do marital consultation. Hey, listen further, I will tell you that many people come to me too, so today this video is Umpire Strike Pack video. You should be careful and have the courage to listen to the whole thing when you tease, so please make me enjoy on Zomato.  Not only for the ready people of Zomato, also make them enjoy because all the ready ones for Zomato cost a lot of money. Brother, not everyone has money, so what they eat from the ready is these momos.  Married man, even married man eats, but if he doesn't eat like them, then he will make even the ready people enjoy Bachelor because yes, how can he get something while on the move, can he get something at home, it is a known fact, even in married people, this is a known fact that  If the wife is alone at home for some reason and the husband has gone for 2-4-5-10 days, check that the entire housewife does not feel like cooking alone. This is also a fact.  Even after knowing how to cook, neither the fridge of the bachelor is full nor they have a kitchen, nor do they know how to cook, nor do they know how to cook, nor do they have the resources, so they cannot become one. Who gets the fourth benefit of bachelorhood? Think of rising as the fourth most.  The big benefit, brothers and sisters, is coming to your parents and relatives. If that child is not getting married, then it will definitely spoil their old age. Either way, there will be no trouble, nor will any 498 be inserted.  The girl will not come, there will be neither bamboo nor Basuri, nor will I speak from the girl's point of view, nor will she get any son-in-law. The girl is earning money. She is coming for the parents because that energy will be there to extract emotions. Not only for the parents.  Beneficiaries will benefit from the rising number of bachelorhood. Only relatives will be the beneficiaries. Apart from the parents, you will also bring aunts along. You will bring heart for the cousins.  It will beat, it is okay, it is not ours, the matter is fine, you will become a great maternal uncle, sister's child, brother's sister's child, uncle ji and brother's uncle, uncle ji, then you will become like this, they will also benefit because this energy will help us.  Beats for us, the fifth benefit will be that all the bachelors who are listening to me, if they have siblings, they will get direct benefit because only they will get the inheritance because no matter how much father and mother use the bachelor.  I will leave the FD in his name, I get cases every day, I am not speaking sarcastic, I am India's number one consultant, I am a very good consultant in relationships and other household matters, if I am not saying this with such air, then meet me.  You will get FD, FFD, some are fine, sell the jewellery, gold etc, but real assets where father's name is written, mother's name is written, choose that name, Geeta Bhawan like this or any other name.  Whatever is written like this will go to the married sibling because it is he who will take the lineage forward, then you will not get it, they will say why do you want it, he has children, he is struggling, look, people with marriage and children struggle, so if I am a denier in that.  If those assets go to them, then their siblings should be happy. If your brother or sister is not getting married then because those assets inheritance will come to you, you will benefit. Sixth benefit: You are getting a lot of benefit, no matter how much you talk.  There are organizations which talk a lot, they have a lot of benefit. Bachelor 's climate conditions are bad, the earth is dying, we are saving the earth because we need something to live, so there are a lot of such vocal organizations or will there be someone else also with intelligence.  The one who awakens conscience, the one who distributes scripts, there are many people too, they also need Gurujis, the ones who roam around on motorcycles, there are many Gurujis, there are big Babas, they all like it very much, because look, if someone gets married.  If it is done, then his wife will stop him, Babli, he is going to work, bring vegetables, bring money, I don't know, I start speaking in Haryanvi, I speak more in Guruji from Gurugram, but here what I am trying to do is  2 to 2 Everybody's wife will never let you be exploited by relatives, parents, boss and Guruji, she keeps a check on her wife, I can also say husband but it is mostly  There is a different type of exploitation of girls on applicable men, that is also a fact, if you tell openly, it will become a little like that, but this is a fact, exploitation happens on the girl in whose life there is a boy in the form of husband that unknown husband who will rub.  Of your peace of mind and discretion, intelligence, consciousness, you open yourself to a lot of other kinds of exploitation, let's talk further, the benefit of all these is the seventh benefit.  There is a big advantage of doctors, as soon as you remain a bachelor and then grow old, your condition will soon deteriorate. Refer my point number, which I told you, point number three of Sugi Jamato Ready, you will eat outside food like this, there is no one to stop you. Someone because you will do more work, you sleep late at night, you are a bachelor, doing spirituality till 11 o'clock is fine and then suddenly lust awakens in him, then he starts watching TV. I am not kidding, I get cases of addiction where people watched very good things till 11:00 and then suddenly they are watching till 1:00 and then masturbating after awakening their intellect and conscience.  They are trying to arouse some more and then they are fighting with Mijbil. If there is a spouse, he will not let you do this scandal. Even if you go to sleep on time every day, there is no check, there is no check.  If you are drinking alcohol, then you are drinking. If you are getting wasted, then you are getting wasted. Who is going to stop the bachelor? Who will cry for you? How much alcohol do you drink? If your parents drink alcohol, you have independence in a city. Drink alcohol. Get into a useless relationship. If you stay in it casually then  Girls have to go to the doctor a lot, girls have to go like that, I had told earlier also about body count and this is about girls because see, it is like this, does n't bachelor mean that these sex scandals will not happen in your life, there are all those.  Must be that girls have to suffer differently, taking different types of medicines, pulse is getting all bad, 30 32 33, I am getting mentally very depressed and I am saying this with great pain, I am not doing any benefit by doing this, doctors.  The number of bachelors of rising bachelorhood is rising, so the doctor is now in this, I'm not painting anybody villain, the doctor is saying no, don't marry like this.  Life ji is saying that I am a brother, if the car breaks down, the mechanic will fix it, you are the one who is pushing your car into it, then put the repair mechanic in it, I am not painting anybody bad, that Sugi is not saying bad about Jumato to the sibling.  Not saying it is bad, not saying it to the parents, not saying it to the boss, not saying it to the real estate people, not saying it to the doctors, and that organization, better, not saying it is useless. Next, number eight, those who are very  The advantage is that there are relationship consultants like me. Okay, we have a lot of advantage because of a person who is not married. When the person hits 40 38 39 40 42 He would have been very lost. Now he does n't understand what to do. Now he does n't understand that now.  Parents are getting old, he feels that he will die in 510 years, no one feels like serving his parents because he feels that if  If there is a sibling, then only he should get the property. Brother, you only see that I am not able to see mine, should I do my job or because he has been roaming around in his casual relationships for 15-20 years, high body count, roaming around, there are 93 countries on your passport. You may have got a visa from India, you have explored the ashes of India, you have got the experience and all but there is emptiness, there is no purpose in life, it is at the age of 40 that it seems that it is done.  So a lot of questions remain and then there is also the baggage of field relationships which are casual type and one feels very cheated because by the time if you are a bachelor and you are 40 42 you will feel that I have mentioned these advantages before.  You will know the difference between all these that the boss also misused you, the parents also did it, the siblings also did it, the relatives also did it, the married friends also did it.  The whole society has misused me, now when the world seems to be at their feet, at the age of 28-30, everyone is doing like this and one is young, the body is young and there is a lot of enthusiasm and a lot of freedom is seen, and those who have such glasses.  By doing this, we move like this, I am showing it by doing like this, I am not a ta, but I have seen such a neck, I am not able to be this flexible, but you cover, discu discu, music is playing like this, is n't it, movies are like this?  I must have seen not one but two, holding only two, because I saw two people, there is no fun in one, holding two like this, holding them high so that they do not collide with anyone else, like this, Dick Dick Dick, now you will say, what do you do in such a place?  I have to go for the content, I don't drink, it's okay, then people in relationship will earn a lot of money, this reminded me that my relationship course is starting, it is an iconic course that has created history, what is the use of buying the recorded later, if you join live then it is for that.  Register on the given number, there will be classes on Saturday from 7 PM to 9 PM, there will be many classes, the fee is also quite good, but brother, you will become cool and there is a very blue ocean opportunity here, the work of so many people is to talk in the coming time. You will become that person by talking, there is a ninth benefit from it, every consumer is a yolo wala, you live, you only live once, this is more applicable on bachelors, it is okay because  He is married, he lives every day, that means he knows that he has to live every day, he does not say that he lives every day, dies every day, lives every day, dies every day, but this one of bachelors lives like this, so we are not going to consume him. Watch  Bought an expensive one, bought a mobile phone, then took it away, changed the car because it is not the responsibility, which school to send the children to, what is their future, okay then you can instigate them to travel, you can make them spend anything.  You can do anything, then they have to give gifts because bachelor's relationships are not maintained without gifts, this is also a fact, they are maintained only by giving, so these things which are consumed and enjoyed are their darlings, this is medicine and the last one.  The biggest advantage is the rising number of bachelors. Bachelors have the biggest advantage in India and this is only a positive advantage. I would call those people what else to do. Those who get divorced have a lot of benefits.  They will say how can you see this, he is not married, he is a bachelor, he is suffering from all the things, whatever nine things I have mentioned, till now he is suffering from all the things, there are even bigger cries of not getting a house, he will not get a house, the landlord will suck him, these days one BH For these people, they have started becoming separate, they will not get to live in a normal society, they will go through a lot of pain, relatives, friends, everyone cannot associate them on the same stage because when  At the age of 40, if you are a woman and other women, your friends are talking about children, you know about their education, your husband is crying sad and vice versa, then you find yourself in minority. Yes, you are now on the rise of bachelorhood.  If it is doing so then they are feeling that it will rise so much that they will be able to pull it out on their own but this much rise is at the inflection point, otherwise what will happen from it?  Girls will get divorced and boys will marry them again, then the boy who was going on like this, doing great work and distributing copies on a motorcycle to awaken the conscience and consciousness, gets fed up and many of those people are coming.  Look at me, people like us have a lot of benefits, everyone will come to Guruji after being pushed and then everyone will come and cry in sorrow and then they will know that if they had done the same, then what to do now, now you 40 42  Who will you meet in a year? It is very difficult to meet someone like you, he doesn't like it because he is also responsible. Look, if at the age of 40-42 there is a lot of emphasis on taking responsibility, then these men end up marrying, divorcing, ladies, girls, who are five-six years younger, still in that bracket.  Of a fertility and pregnancy and this has to be done and by the way girls also have to marry divorced men and they all get married after 45.  Those who are also left are very tough boys, what do they say, those who are strong bachelors, those who are going on, definitely some of them will be left, it is not that even after 45, they will remain but if that percentage is less, then this is the rising.  Numbers of Bachelors in India Looks like my diagnosis is it is not a correct terminology and figure it is just that getting married marriage is getting quite delayed so if today At one time, there were 100 people under 30 years of age who were not married. For example, today there are 150 people and in the coming time it will increase further and this number is rising but it does not mean that  Whether the number at 38 or 40 has increased a lot, there is no doubt that it will increase but that number will not increase as much as it has increased at 30. I hope a lot of people will not.  Finally Get Fed Up Mary At 32 34 36 38 40 Now Miracle La Now And I know many people don't make fun or don't talk but speak on their face because these people had taken away a life very big and I am speaking openly because  Neither do I want to vote nor am I more afraid of speaking the truth. I will marry someone who is right for me. I tell such stories. Now what happens to those who are married friends?  They become people with manners, they know the pain of marriages too, so they keep it in good humor that yes friend, we were donkeys, we got married like this in unconsciousness, see whom you have married, the girl will show it to the boy, the boy will show it to the girl, both.  They are roaming around in the shape of a marriage of five or seven years, with those children in their hands, someone is moaning, this one is doing this, they are poor, unhappy people and they are like man, you are doing right you are.  Doing right because if you have to hold a conversation then how will someone like me talk nonsense? What is your life? He will run away. Bachelor friend, if someone is there then he will run away. Why will he stay with me? It's a natural thing so friend will say that.  Like for example a bachelor friend of 33 34 35 years old calls his married friend, ok Rahul, come friend, he is here today, hey friend he  Neha is not letting him come, he doesn't feel like going himself, he will tell him that he is helpless because why do married people come, sit and eat their food, watch a good movie and have sex, then go to sleep, they don't want anyone to come and push them or these jerks.  These guys don't push like this and drink alcohol, they don't do this work and they are busy the next day, they will wake up easily and make Spanish omelette. Well, this is a good life like this, but don't married people tell about their good life because good life is not someone else's.  She does not come out whose court case is going on, only then will the relatives know that my wife has filed a case or he has filed a case. How will you ever know that one of your relatives is feeding his wife a good breakfast? On holidays and with great love.  It's okay, we will never know, this thing will always be about fighting and useless things, if we get to know, then only useless things will be known, then we think, 'No, this is not Bhavli Butch, which is still going on in so many marriages.  all  There is no sorrow, it is like there is never less happiness, but wo n't a bachelor have sorrows? I will teach all these things very well in the relationship course. Brothers and sisters, let me explain to you. If you are a bachelor, then definitely join because two things will happen after that course. It is okay.  Either you will get married immediately or whatever your thoughts are about not getting married will become stronger either way you will find your peace you will not keep wandering like this, wondering what am I doing right  Have you ever seen a group of married people? Makta O Type Have you ever seen a group of married people? Meaning What are the groups of married people? The group at the parent teacher meeting. The group with children here in the school. RW These are the groups like this. Are there any such groups?  Don't you have this consciousness that marriage is bad, how to get married, there is no money, if you don't have money then work, if you can't work, then how will it happen, the poor is getting married, the rich is getting married, only the middle class has no money.  So  Dad, take money from mom, okay, marry a poor person, okay, so all my points are 10 out of 10. You tell me whether these 10 are benefits or not, will there be an increase in the number of bachelors or not because the number of bachelors will increase as the number of bachelors will increase.  Of units for individual housing will increase because it is true that people say no with parents, hey, parents can't even see a bachelor, who is the parent of today's India?  The day who will keep his 34 year old unmarried girl with him and tolerate her every day and she cannot tolerate her parents and will not let her live every day, they will tell her every day to get married, what's what, and the girl may still live because  The girl still does some work, maintains some hygiene, cleans the bathroom, sometimes cooks food, maybe the boy can tolerate it, but sometimes the boy will not tolerate the lewd acts he has to do with beer.  Cans are lying around, some girl is coming, I am living in a living-in, all these things are done with the parents, will the parents let you do the work and will they say to you, if you have to do all these things then why do n't you get married, then you can't live with the parents, understand.  If you are a bachelor, then yes, you live with your parents for 23, 24, 25 years. If you cannot live with your parents, then there will be an explosion in rental housing. For the small apartments, this is again an investment.  Is an advice you can look forward this will happen in big towns it is happening it is playing out very beautifully in Bangalore and Pune and it will play out in a lot of other shares also  In a way, this video is a disgrace for bachelors, if you are being exploited then what should you do? To avoid the most exploitation, should one get exploited? Yes, sometimes it is better than getting exploited by the whole world, it is better to get exploited by one person, at least it is being put into the account somewhere. Very well explained and fun.  Don't come, watch the course. Whatever is told in 1415 hours of content cannot be told in the video. I hope you understand that Jitan is hurt by this. Please troll instead of abusing.  Write whether to poke holes in my theory or not, it doesn't happen like this, everybody has already done it, it's okay, nothing has to happen to the meaning, you have to save yourself, you have to do something, okay, and the last thing is because this, that, there is a lot in Wokan.  They say that the carbon footprint of a bachelor is three times that of an average person because he travels badly, creates a lot of garbage and has no responsibility. He is saying that he is not married.  Curry children should not be done, otherwise I have done some carbon foot good to the earth. Bachelors do such things because they do not have skin in the game. This is also a fact. Explain it in a better way some other time. It is okay because unfortunately what has happened in Indian politics and  There has been little rise in the number of bachelors in it and people have done a lot of it in unnecessary work and due to this, after working, bachelors were not bachelors in the earlier times also, they used to serve the society but brother.  Don't need so many bachelors. Want a few. If you pass two or three, then there is no problem. If you pass five, then there is no problem. Serve the society, take the country up, do great work. Everyone follows the example of Swami Vivekananda. They died quite early.  I am sure I would have lived a long life, I could also have got married, I don't know, okay, there are two or four more leaders whose example the current ones give, some power.  I also have some names, you can tell me I don't think so they are correct examples and see the results of elections in US will also be out by the time this video is released there family is something that is cherished all over the world family is this thing so bachelors' There is a lot of compulsion in India, it is something practical, I have never seen a bachelor, I am genuinely happy, see in the comment section.  I am 48 years old, I am extremely happy with my life, this is not true for anyone, 47 years old, extremely happy, no one is there, are you married, is no one there, okay, but writing this is a different thing.  But a dream is a different matter. Well, in life, the paths are not visible in youth. What is the most of the time? Another thing is that a lot of people are not finding partners. And then they say that we will remain a bachelor because of saying and admitting that I want to get married and I am not getting that, the man feels even more loser but this is high time that people start telling their relatives, friends and all, I have to do it.  Are you married? Boy, tell me, girl, tell me. Don't be shy, B. You are not doing a very great job, there is no problem in life, many people are not doing it, many people are roaming around like this, please.  Please share, like and do put it in the comment section. You can take my courses, this one of mine is a relationship course, if you are listening now then it will be a little better. Many people have problems and this is a blue ocean opportunity because people come to me for consultation.  Come, I say, take this instead of consultation, it is better, thank you very much.