Loot Namaskar friends, today I will come out of Gurgaon again and go to two different cities. Earlier I had made Mumbai and Meerut. Neither of them were very busy but people were demanding a lot, so I gave them the content I have.  Yes, he is from 25 to 30 cities, but the same thing is that if we go back to your shop, only Bhature comes to eat and you are sitting with Dosa, then that too, the creator is not such a good thing, then the content is too much.  Delhi NCR is in demand and still I will take myself to different cities. I have signed up many honeys in those cities. Today I will start in the fire of my two nearest cities. What can I say, friends and relatives only.  The names of those two cities are Bhangarh and Rohtak, so as soon as I say that, I feel relieved in my heart that if I have to go out, I will cover the people of Haryana and for these people, I will tell in Tega whatever Bahadurgarh. In Rohtak, you were asking me for so long that I will create an account and tell anyone about something that I don't like. If I don't like it, I have spoken about my city in such a way that it is nonsense of yours and that you people have to avoid that it is very dear to me too.  This city but when I hold the hand of Clarity young man, he is in motivational speaker, he makes me good in cancer motivation, you do not dry me at all in the gym, no, I give, I click in tuition, it is okay to give motivation.  There are 1.5 crore more channels, you can please go there, I only give clarity, so I will give clarity on this, I will start from Bahadurgarh, the story of Bahadurgarh, Kundli has not been able to move back, it is not able to happen in every real estate, whenever you invest.  If you want to do it brother, there should be a story, there should be a story play, there should be a Harappa bowl, it should be planted, it will be used quickly, it will be beneficial soon, it will appoint an article, you will be late, but there should be some story use, like now a story of Gurgaon.  Dwarka Express has been there for 14 years, it is fine but people are talking about it this year, work will be done in the next year, under direction, what is the accident, Mahatma Buddha has not been able to take advantage of proximity to New Delhi. Viscera should have been lifted, many people have invested money in it, some are still investing it, but there is a lot of local politics, some people call it my baby, if it is not made, then this stomach prostate becomes the property of some big politician, PM, CM's minister, one or the other.  Even at MP level, politics is very important in it. You people know that no city can arise without politics, either the city should become completely cosmopolitan and neutral like Mumbai and your Gurgaon have become that no one can.  The party will come, whatever happens, it will go to brighten those cities because it will be in the interest of that state and the country. The things are already good, it will not take much effort to make them better and the things which become garbage will be improved.  My life goes out as much as we, our Airport Small Indians, who do not smell our things in the two places where things are clean, but if you make bad conditions of those places which are dirty, then once we will feel somewhere like betel leaf incense. Something else has happened and it seems that they will spread so much garbage and whatever is clean then there is maintenance of cleanliness. This is Indian typical psychology. So what has happened in Bahadurgarh that pollution is there and here Bhushan, I will not talk about the vehicles. It comes out from the air, we stop it with the gesture of Bhagwati, the public also has a habit that there is a lot of industrial pollution here, the cloth full of chemicals and silk which has been taken out by these companies of Delhi, which are the organs of Vistra and I am the players, it is very  It has become sour that every bad person in Mandalgarh is watching the video of me. Please tell me if I am speaking wrong. He himself is very upset. The people of Bahadurgarh, who had invested money in Difficult or Bahadurgarh.  We thought that our investment here would be good. This is some hidden industry of ours. There are also organized industries like footwear etc. which have come out, they are good, they used to contribute in them but in the middle of the city, there will be many unorganized ones which are used for plastic waste.  And the people who burn these chemicals and in what dreams do they put it? The government is worried, the government employee in charge of the zone is worried and now only local politics is happening because When that thing goes to the local level, send very local level politicians, they are of very basic level, then there that thing never becomes the same, in that I just have the answer to everything, make more on your plot, I was 9, I am from this family.  So don't break my mind and that kind of feeling comes then according to me Bahadurgarh is smart investment grade and middle class just because you are living here, it may be set from here or your village or Kak Gotra Gotra.  There are people at your level, please come to the village a little thirty-forty kilometers away or take a small thing, take it clean, but I have a device in Apun and Bahadurgarh, all the friendly people are advised to go slowly.  -Slowly plant your object because India is spotted, there are some upside down stars in it, there are some upside down stars, there is openness in some points only, nothing organized is there yet nor is it visible.  No one is taking it because I told him that this politician was not my baby of any big level, it is just management and a lot of crowd will gather at the lower level, neither will we be able to stop the crowd in Delhi nor anywhere else. If he can stop the bread, he is still a human being, he is India, he will remain, I have no personal feelings with anyone that brother, remove the piece like this, when I can say 'Aa Raha Yaar' in it, but I am the ad clarity giver who is the man in investment.  Wants to invest my hard-earned money 50 70 80 90 lakh 1 crore Even if I take pot, you please tell the world there, I don't see any good story being used for that 10 20 years 307 So it's better to spend less time  If you were on this run, you know I will cover Rohtak, reached Rohtak, it is my favorite city, the story in Rohtak is very good, playlist is happening in Rohtak. Say, the same thing that happened with Bahadurgarh has happened with Rohtak, it has become someone's baby. It is okay for 10 years, 5 years with our 10, so if Rohtak is with us before 2004 to 5, if you want, then it is a normal city.  The story of Chakkar Germany was happening Subscribe, the streets were getting bigger, the route canal road system did not work there, everything was tight there, what is needed is the address and then in 2005  Make it CM City, it is okay, this top is also for the first time, the presence of Rohtak via Rohtak was a mistake, from there CM City to Chandigarh could have been written like this, okay, so a little bit of that from inside, it is among the ones, isn't it?  If everything is there, then that's also the spirit, it's good, I do the page, so in the first 5 years, this time till the metro, God is fine, that means people used to say Asht, it means as many pipelines as sewerage, it is the soul of the city, G and Narrow.  Maybe the people at the top too have so much knowledge and are not frustrated, something happened and what am I supposed to tell you? Listen, the city which holds a population of 40 to 50 lakhs, so that blood can flow in its soul, that ice cream has been put in its veins.  If it is okay in your city, in my city, in our city, then the matter inside is how much will the population of the fittest grow now, what will be the story of this story, how would it have been, but there is potential on a different matter, we have to give a festival of holding, inside that. Searched the whole city, opened the wound, widened the road from outside, does good, not only from outside, go somewhere from daily level, okay, go to Panipat, Rohtak, if you come from anywhere, then everything is wide, wherever people come from, it means people from outside.  Used to go to Hisar, meaning people have appreciated it. I say that the CM should give different things and brother, if my tan and my district shine, then Alice is one of any province, what should they say, like Chhota from Haryana.  Will shine in 20 years, I would say that there is no need to quote much about it today, but yes, this one thing, keep doing it in the same district, it is not a good thing, but if someone's program is completed in 5 years, then the potential in it is very good.  So in Rohtak, property has become very expensive since last six-eight months. There is a lot of confusion regarding builder floors. Inside Rohtak, the next indicator is that there are builder floors in Rohtak and access is being restricted. Can the program still be done? Bhagya.  can also be programmed Maybe you should do it, Krishna is still a child, a lot has happened, the rates have increased by 30 percent, in 8-9 months we don't know, we will keep discussing something else and there it is as if a thing has come out in the city that look at this, a story is cute.  Is she doing it in your city? You see, she was doing a good story for free in Meerut. I made a video on it. Whether she will do the tableaus or not, I will tell you in the videos. Rohtak, you can invest but only those people whom you have already done so much.  You have invested a little outside your city so that no one lays all your eggs, but in Rohtak, those people who got compensation from whom there is light culture for the plots, no, the flight will keep coming much further, everyone is made of mud.  If so, then the trend has turned out to be more like this and in your Suncity sector, Sector P-3, Sector 4, Sector-12A of Hooda, there is a lot of builder floor work in these because unemployment is also there.  Where did the money come from? People immediately gave plots to build a builder floor. Rates increased by two knots. Good builder floor is being built and is being registered. At the same time, people are understanding that these 60 subjects are tied up in the end due to research.  If you look at it then people are also understanding it, if you buy this also then the rates are increasing due to this. According to me, the rise will continue for one more year. You can still buy it, buy it but there is a charge, I don't want to talk about it because till then.  If it is made then it will take one and a half to two years and then it will go to that territorial unit by taking very expensive rate and you cannot send withdrawal because it has created more winters than the particular figure. If you take the written material in a remote village then you can make it in Gurgaon and that too so quickly.  Okay, so those who have their own plots in Rohtak, don't sell them, monetize them, make builder floors and you rate them, how is the total attracted, what is it, what are its benefits. If you want to buy some inventory, yes you can buy it by road, and if you have enough money, then if you want to make a small investment, then come to the village and buy properties.  It is possible that you have the stomach, it is not very far away, so investment can be made here also, then those from Tak are invited to Gurgaon and the lieutenants from Rohtak are doing their job far away and they will never give you a plot. And he was feeling that I don't know when he will think so, don't sell the plot, don't bother and build a builder floor and you will make it more money, you will expand your department, you will create a more wealth for the spirit and all the states to mine.  This is by Bhadurgarh till the birthday of Khusro. Please forgive the people of Bahadurgarh. It's okay. If you want to shift, if you don't want to go to Gurgaon, then you can do so. The meaning of the district will remain the same, you can do it.  Can because you people also know that what I am saying about broad people is not too far out, the temple of Maa will work, the system of this small level catch-up porn will work, but you are feeling that it will be for your next generation.  Do you have any taste in living with her? It is up to you to decide. Please tell me how you liked this video. Please share it with your relatives and in your own circles. If I get a good response, then I will do similar things in the future also in district states and cities.  I will catch him and tell him what his story is and I will tell him this Lucknow Shimla Chandigarh Tricity Kota Yes Jaipur Fagunwa I have all the data as per the details Going to the micro level I will go to the micro level Now I have made this matter super fashionable but I have not delved too much into it that Rohtak What program do you have to buy from the one at Kila Road? The tractor is good, Sector-14 is good, one is big, two are good, the one from Suncity is good, which one is good, I am not up to that level.  Anger is okay, but if you think that I will get a subscriber base, if you people will share, then how much time will it take for me, I will convey this message like this, but if many people are not understanding it, then you should not go to that level right now.  I have stopped at this level, if you share this video with people, you will take it in the comments section, then I can tell you up to the micro level and what kind of feedback you have, please share it with me, thank you.