Hello friends, I have brought video number one of my relationship series. The first relationship which is most important and from where the story starts in a family is the father, so in every relationship I will bring a character, I will tell about it and then beyond that the relationship will be discussed in this.  You have to share the video with your friends on your family groups. I am laughing a little because I know what I will say, perhaps you people will not be able to share it, so sharing is victory over fear. Tell me, look how he is talking, this type can also speak like this, okay then let's start with father, what is happening to father in 2022, this father is operating on the old syllabus, it is an old operating system, like some software.  It happens that after independence, there were five, six, seven, eight and nine children, they were single father and employed and their Chaudhary and the entire program was run according to them, so many people could not get out of that mode and some who  They used to be disgusted with him, but they have gone to the other extreme and say that we should be friends of our children, so yes, it is okay if you do not want to be a friend of your children, they have many friends, to become a friend, you have to become a father to your child, the father is yours.  There is only one thing in me, he does not need to be like anyone, he is an entity in himself. Father is a very big thing. Yes, father is the nurturer. I will also tell you some things about astrology. In this, father is seen from the ninth house of the horoscope.  And the ninth house is of your religion and your Guru and is also the place of destiny, so destiny is connected to the father, it is a very big thing, your destiny is connected to your father and there is a big link between you and your child, so if you Along with your duties, your behavior, attitude, body language, way of talking, way of understanding and explaining things needs a new avatar in 2022. So, first of all, realize that those people who are running on the old operating system.  Are  It will no longer work, I will tell you why, the kind of India that was running in the beginning in 80's, 90's and 2000's is also changing, so if you do not increase your understanding then you will be away from your children, how will they become?  Far from the way you think the world goes The world is no longer moving that way Now the kids know that the world is no longer moving that way  Think they are it is moving they may not know to them themselves what is happening but they know it for sure that you don't know then that thing comes generation gap that they don't listen to us and very father if you ever in your life  You have taken something out of your mouth for your child, you will have to listen to me, he lives in our house, if he lives in our house then the game is over, being a father is 10 times more difficult than mother, mother's role is five seven.  By the age of 1015, the end in the child's life gets reduced. Mother's place is always that of love. Mother is a different system. Poor father is unable to fit in anywhere, neither in affection, nor in scolding, nor in respect.  If you could be in hospitality, then you have to see that today I am seeing conflict in families because of father understanding the young generation. Let's take the default setting, she is better, she is intelligent, if we do this.  If we don't think about it then human beings, our humanity, will not work. In future, let us accept one thing that the next generation is better. Now how we have to guide that better person and make them better, there should be a discussion on that instead of saying that  One generation old, father knows everything, I would like to explain to father again that father does not know about new age jobs, he looks for security in his own syllabus and the confidence that he knows those things. And they stop their children from doing something new because they don't know. If they knew then they would guide them and tell them well. All of you who are fathers of a 5 year old child, a 25 year old or a 50 year old child, you all.  One thing you have to listen to is one thing you have to understand, you have to become the most intelligent person in your child's life. Whenever your child has any doubt in life, instead of looking like this, look straight behind you, father. That is Shahrukh Khan's song 'Har Relationship'.  In the upcoming episode, I will touch with a song that the song of his Hindi movies is Shahrukh Khan's movie Main Hoon Na, the song in it is Main Hoon Na Ki Jitna Bhi Mangega Itna Milega Pyaar Main Hoon Na Main Hoon Na Ki Vibrations Nikalni Chahiye  Every child of father should know like this, I am right, this father does not want that I told you, did n't you see, I told you, that is the worst parenting, where the parent and father say, I told you, hey you  tell me  Even if he did not listen to you then it is not his foolishness, it is your foolishness that he did not find that confidence in you then you are at fault otherwise wise will a son and a daughter not listen to the father this has to be  Introspection This introspection has to be done by the father I knew it even though I told it my child did not listen What can I do about it What do I mean He is  That they turned out to be such emotions of mine, I could not get such confidence that if the child obeyed me then you have to go back in your life. Do you never admit your mistakes in everything or have you ever made the narrative of your life in such a way that  If something is not believable, then what happens is that when four of your things are not right, then the fifth thing which is right is also not accepted, then here the introspection has to be done by the parents and father, after that you have to know everything.  If you do not know everything what is affecting your child's life, you should know the correct person who should be able to help. Now people will say, brother, cannot know everything. A common man does a job and cannot know everything. It's a fact that you cannot be omniscient, but in every aspect, make friends and acquaintances with those people who will be useful to your child instead of wasting your time.  By sycophantizing yourself, by sycophant to your boss, by partying with your friends, by wasting your TV cricket match time. Father should not have time. If father has a lot of time, then the future of your children will not be good. The father has  To be busy, now people will say, we get tired in the job, then come you have to release this thing, never tell your children this dialogue that I told you, I feed you and make you drink. Have to be a foster parent for the rest of your life You have to be a I will surprise quickly You have to be an ATM machine That puts the card in the mouth and takes out money Now people feel very used Yes a father has to be used  By the kids, by the family, be a nurturer, you have been given the status of home, if you don't use your family, your boss will use you, your colleague will.  Will be used by some other relative of yours, will be used by whom do you want to be used, we have to be used because the day you are not used, you will become useless, so a lot of fathers have to be of use and you see that.  That when you are in your 40s and 50s when money calls the shots because you are earning money you have to have some democracy, I don't see any democracy in Indian families.  So many of my conflict cases come for consultation. I have seen a general pattern in Indian families. Write in the comment section do you find any kind of democracy in Indian family. The country has a very strong democracy. We want all the rights outside but inside the house.  Does anyone in the house let you open your mouth? We have to see for you, is there democracy in your family or do you bring money and earn? If the property is in your name then only you call.  Will you do the shots or will the children be listened to? Guide the children, don't own them, that is not your lot, the investment in your life that did not work, the time was different, the reasons will be different, if you stop your children from taking something or your  If you do the same workout that you have done for buying a child, then it will not be a solution in real life. As I see, father says take all the plots because only the plot does good, so now your child cannot take that plot because he has to take a loan for it. Near  It is not enough to take cash surplus, if you are not ready to give him more than Rs 10,20,30 lakh then short fall where will he get Rs 80,90 lakh from? He is taking the next best thing but even you may be that may be the best thing.  The Current Real Estate Scenario on the Edge But You on the Edge Even If It's Second Best Let Him Do That Second Best Never Make the Best Enemy of Better If  Something is becoming better and better, so don't be in pursuit of the best. Many fathers, I see that in marriage, the girl has to do the boy's work, the girl does not like it, bring the good one, this one is not good, that one is not good, you bring it, good you bring it.  Go, let her marry someone, the same girls, they made the girls 30-30 years old, made them 32 years old, they have a lot of fathers, they have a lot of fathers, I am seeing that they are not playing the role and they are so passionate.  About father is doing well in life because ultimately the family doing well depends on father's thought process and mind and if the families don't do well how does the country do well country is nothing but 35 crore families our country is worth 140 crores out of that 35 crores are our families  It is almost that father is the head of the family which is his thought.  The process is their money, their thinking, their intelligence is not intelligible, they are driving it, so if this is the head, then there is no need to cloud your thinking, you should take your thinking to the old thinking of 15000 years that you are a nurturer, it is your job. Father is right to nurture and protect. Father is God. Father is very important. Mother is understood by all of us in the default setting. There is no need to discuss much about mother. Father is a very big thing. Father is considered the first Guru.  not to mother  It is considered that the position of the mother is seen from the fourth house in the horoscope with a happy feeling, but the mother who first teaches the child to do many things is also not considered. The father is considered to be the Guru. In the default setting, it means that someone should have a Guru.  If not, if there is a father, then father is the Guru. He is the first Guru and today I am not seeing generally fathers taking so much interest because they say either you listen to all of me, if you don't listen to all then you are on your own.  I  Do whatever you want, there is no middle path. I am not saying that fathers are not good and they don't love their children. Nowadays I am not saying that at all but I am saying that it is a different thing.  That brother, either you can see mine or you can see yours, it is okay that in between also you can fall or you can see yours, whenever you fall, I am there, that song when you will remember it as a father as a  Father, you have to sing only one song for your children that I am here, if you understand your good thing then you will understand that your children have to bloom and they have to come out of fear and they have to be their best.  The thing is to go ahead in life. They will be able to figure out yes. These are the times in which we are in. We are very uncertain. The jobs that your children will hold after five years, they have not even been born, where is the preparation, where should you get them prepared?  You had thought that these jobs are happening today, they have different names, those of Sufi Technical and this one here, they did not exist 1015 years ago, a lot is changing and a lot is to change in the future too, but father has only one.  The only thing you have to do is keep your feeling that I am here, I hope you liked this introductory bit, it's okay, in this I did not mean to down any relationship to anyone, I have to tell what is wrong in every relationship because  Whatever is good is good, we have to accept that good but are there things that we can talk about that there should not be a stub Sense of ownership of kids should not be there at all The kids are through us They don't belong Meaning  They are through us through us we don't own them they are different a dt ok and we just have to be around them and that is me na sing the song for them thank you very much