Hello friends, today I am launching my new series, the family series which I told, its episode number one will be from 5 to 6 depending on how is your response, I make different videos and great respect for losing, just subscribe because like I  I just stopped making marital ones after episode 5 because in one episode I might say something against a particular relative or a silent character but the family and in favor of the rest of the people. But the truth is that there will be different characters in every episode. If something is said against a senior citizen and he gets angry with it and does not join the next episode in which the next generation is being littered, then that  According to me, there is a risk of losing subscribers, but even shednet cost, I will tell you all to watch Fragnet together, I question my belief systems which are old, it is very helpful if that is your  If they break and you can make new ones, then you have the advantage and believe me, if the date you have taken does not fall even after shaking the tree so hard, then it means that it is not liquid at all, that is, your belief system is correct. Stay with the belief system, but at least I have made it clear, so you have to share this series on your family WhatsApp group and let it become a topic of discussion. I am not saying that everything I have told is absolutely right.  is and same  It is true that everyone has their own truth, but I want to say that these issues should at least be offered, so I will first start by giving one of my points, what are the mistakes, I will tell you these five points.  I will tell you that those who are this long gap mix who tell their children that if brother does not listen to us then he does not respect us, this one who has made a powder link between fasting and obeying is very wrong.  If any son or daughter-in-law does not listen to you, it does not mean that he does not respect you. The son did not marry as per your wish. The son did not get the job as per your wish. I am saying to the son, please employ your daughter also in someone.  If he does n't make any difference, then the daughter did not do the job as per your wish, did not get married as per your wish, did not buy the house as per your wish Subscribe It does not mean that he does not respect you, he has his own life, he lives his life as per his own. if he is  If you need a device, then buy this one, maybe he is you, maybe he does n't like you in that department. People feel very bad about this thing that even children become intelligent when they turn 25-30 years old. They know which of your things they have to accept and how much they have to accept. It is wrong to link it with this fast of yours every time. No person can live a good life who lives with this thought process. This was my point one and the second was mine.  points that society  I want to tell you that it is said a lot that boys and girls are equal, it is believed that it is politically correct but the truth of life is that boys and girls are not equal and there is no need for them to be equal. Now on this issue, physicality and intelligence are equal.  If we look at this level, girls are also becoming fighter pilots, I am not saying there is any flaw in it, in that sense I am saying it is flawed, if this video is being made with the paint and the head of the house as the center, then this bastard.  The subject is those who are girls who have only two girls or one girls school. They were investors very different from the lineage of having boys. Most of the girls are there and it is wrong. I will tell you how most of the girls prefer to go to cadets. The reason is in real estate.  The logic and subconscious in them is that the girl has come, we don't have a son, we will build the house and property, he will go out, the biggest loss in this thinking is that we do our own business first.  Spit is this thought that comes in the fridge, he will be a father, he will have a daughter, when he is getting married at the age of 25, he can build a house in his childhood, he has to retire or he has to get money, but he does not build it thinking that he  We will just go somewhere else and the biggest loss in this is ourselves because those who can live till Z again, those who are deprived of the returns range and the rental leaders and the escalation of property, every older generation has to think this. You guys neither gave me ₹ 1 nor gave any property while living in the house, so whether I am the father of a girl or the father of a boy, it does not matter whether the boy or the girl may get more at the age of the centers which you have gone to Schezwan and in that.  Another thing would be that the mother may be 4567 younger and if she lives for so many four-five years then she may be fit that if the boy or girl themselves turn 75, then who will it be told to whom will it go and what will they get like this?  No  In your thinking, you have to think that in 60 years from childhood, you can still have 30 more years, so you have to keep your Jugaad in a better way, then the silent money will turn into dust in the form of money. According to inflation, the interest rate is five percent.  But it has come on the radio in two-three years, maybe even at three-four percent, so this is a big wrong thinking, mistakes are being made. The third thing I would like to tell you is the instant property which is not father's but his.  Special father's advice on that is his decision making, he takes it all himself that this was given by my father, in that you have heard something or the other from the next generation that you have to do something or the other and on that exactly like this.  Don't sit by saying that if she is a Begum then I am sitting, many people say in this matter that brother is like this, don't tell us, after we leave, see if this 55-60 year old father is saying, his son or daughter is 25 years old.  If you are 30 years old then should that son and daughter wait for you for 30 years to know when you will leave or dispose of your property that I will go on with my life? Neither a child nor any other child thinks like this. You should think but you have said this to the board that a lot of people doing 16th year think that I am going to go, it is fat that people will not go even till 9095, will you do it further or 30-35 years if you and then I said a lot.  I have seen people subscribe for 15-20 years, how did you have it, now you see, it means all the option requests that were there are gone, after that nothing remained of what you had, and you yourself will be tormented that brother, I am 15 years deeper than 15 years.  Since you are chasing me, I have not gone anywhere. Come on, friend, if you do it now then this should be discussed in many families. I am telling you the topic of discussion. Many people have said what is Ideal Ideal and in  I will tell you, stay connected, that too is fine, if you definitely want to listen, stay connected, that point will come after two points, so you have to discuss it, I am not saying that children will always be right, I will make videos from that point of view of children also, this is the first one.  This is the episode, I cannot make it properly on 508 otherwise there will be confusion. Today I am holding the head of the house and telling him how the head of the house should be. Fourth point: Favoritism to the head of the house in his house.  It should be banned, I explain that there will be children in every house, there can be two daughters among the children, one son can be a daughter, there can be two sons, where there is one son and GTA, then there cannot be favoritism because how can one compete with one?  If there are these then we remove them from the discussion, but whose discussion is there? Where there are two sons, one son, one daughter and two sons, then in this we suppress two of the two daughters, there is a son, a daughter, a daughter-in-law and a son-in-law, and two sons.  Normally it happens that if you have two daughters-in-law, the one who is your wife has a favorite pick somewhere or the other, she likes one or the other more, for whatever reason, this is always seen, so the head of the house should check this thing.  The further dealing is that the check is canceled, there is cheryl acid which is the division of the cheque, there is anything, it should be the feet, it has nothing to do with you whether your wife, who is close to your child, may be the husband, may be the wife, she likes him.  Is it or not your original production factory product? Do you like it? Justin Bieber's second promise is that what is the setting of your diet, listen to dictate how you deal with you want kids to continue making and favorite. Absolutely like it. Well, start liking her but do n't let your son suffer from liking your daughter-in-law's name because old age is bad for it. I have seen this happening to many people.  I also do consultation and counseling for those who are at the age of 1617. They have a lot of jobs. These issues have come up. This is not used in the air. Is this an issue? You have to discuss it openly on your WhatsApp group and do not feel shy and nervous like this.  Then coming to the 5th and last point, it was about the head of the house, it was about the father, so how should the father be, that is, what is his idol, because I have seen the father in two ways, the maximum which is in 31. Either they will be very stubborn, arrogant, powerful, domineering, it takes 35 years for a son to get independence from his father, I am telling the extended average of India, I have a huge database and I am not saying to revolt and Drink, I am not saying that, but this is extreme. The second explanation is that for some reason father has very poor selfie teams and operates in two expressways. In between, what I tell you is as per my opinion, it should be like you.  Tell me in the comment section how did you like it, how did you like it, you guys tell me, first of all, father should be cool, feel like going and sitting near me, see, if you are a father, if your father is not like this, then tell him, give me a video like Roopa.  It is fun to sit under a dense tree, nothing is happening, it is fun to just sit nearby, this is a big secret of personality, coolness should be known as one's own, the other father should be such that he is open to new ideas, is open.  Whether to implement or not, those are different things, let me give you an idea to your father, if you have given then it is open, maybe take out 506 inside it, okay in that theft and whatever you go and do, then by commenting or you basically tell them to the father. Just like a company has to take its growth forward, it has to take forward the growth of the family, to be growth-oriented, not to think that I have 10-15 years left in my life, all my work is done, children do n't listen to me right now.  Whatever they have to do, do it, I will play FD and this is my daughter-in-law, this is my wife, I have to listen to her, I want to tell everyone about one thing, I go only to the houses of women who are moving, this is the stomach, I too share a lot of knowledge.  I am such a cross Patel I will speak the English line to understand the situation I am the boss house I am the boss house and why do I have my wife's permission to say fennel Okay then understand what it means but despite this  Father's next thing is that he will have to be fair. His wife of 40 years and 45 years is getting angry. He has to fulfill the royal duty of a subscribed father. In this, his wife is angry. Father has folded my hands and legs. This is what my wife is doing by pressing this.  If she keeps it, then it is inevitable that this woman will blackmail father that he must listen to me otherwise I will spoil your old age. Father, I have not seen even five percent of her.  Don't forget to speak with folded hands, don't do wrong, this is a big thing because this was my first opening video, what kind of reaction was there, I will reveal it openly, from each child 's point of view, from the special son's point of view, from the post office, from the daughter-in-law's point of view.  France's or mother 's photo, I will tell you again that we have to leave the family and keep this family. It was the bond of this family that gave us the strength to bear the mistake of 800 years of forum. Just like this, we will not survive. We had the strength and that was the family that was us.  If she was so strong, then how many children have we been till today? Today, even in times of crying, it is the family that is the most important thing. All that is left, the tantra-mantra, has collapsed, so family is a wish series. Someone has to join the family.  There is no intention of humiliating anyone in revolting, everyone has to tell what should be the way to live together, what should be the template, I will bring them in the next videos. It is a great request to you all to share the video.  Do comment because if the reaction of the audience is good, then I will bring such a creator who brings things from pet consultancy, I will bring studies on how things are removed, how to avoid discord in the house, how to keep all the members happy, is this possible?  This is possible, if someone tells, we can discuss, if there is communication, then how did you like this first video, please tell me, please share it and comment. Please like and subscribe the channel. If you have not subscribed then please subscribe this also. Thank you very much.