Bhindi Hello friends, today's topic is role of family in real estate decision-making, in this I will cover four sub topics and mainly I will cover what mistakes are being made, we should remove those mistakes from our life. So whatever will be left will be very acceptable to us and such a family will take us forward as such individuals. Whenever a decision comes in life, from small to big, the family has always played a big role in high values.  Real estate is always needed. In this video, we will discuss about those who have real estate purchase or oil in their family, what is going right in decision making, what is going wrong. I will cover in the chart topic that there are mistakes. What is the role of parents, what mistake is being made by Paris and this video has just been checked by my audience, my YouTube channel is decreasing due to health tips, so they will have to forward this video to their parents and you  request to all  Those who are watching the channel for the first time, have not subscribed the channel, please subscribe the channel and press the bell notification. Those subscribers who are also watching are requested to press the notification so that they come to know that videos will not be uploaded in any way. We move forward in this real estate. The mistake that parents are making is that they are not allowing their children to do decision-making. They are very confused that this is the first one. I will cover this.  The match may be the father of a boy or that of a girl. Whatever it is, it is gender neutral. It is a mistake. Paris has seen her life becoming a template player. In the notice in 2000, now in 221 too, she is giving decision-making to her child with the same template.  She is talking about making decision-making ji can't do it like that only take the planet plate is good insomnia 2025 don't buy Laxman 11 plot go to that place  Radhe has become Roosevelt, no one can do anything in between and then that child has to ask decision-making in Haldwani, in a small place, I have to take him in the big city. Help and subscribe, otherwise you have this creation from this thing. Yes Yes, you will have a relative of yours who lives in the city, who will be your friend or someone you know, take their help and you have to tell your child that whatever thing he brings, this will be made on it.  it will be like this  If he goes to the property, you are not helping him, that will confuse him so much, then on a live stage, the child wants to buy a property with great force, but he could not get it, this was a general mistake, the first one was of the parents, the second one was a mistake.  The thing that is coming to my mind a lot about the boys' paint is that you guys, listen carefully. One problem that is happening among the boys' parents is that the boy is married and the boy's parents do not live there. The place where they live does not look that good.  they are okay with marriage  Now they are bringing the boy in the market of marriage counseling and if there is this then I will combine both the things because this is the real estate thing that I explain, I do not think there is any compromise. If you feel that there is some compromise on any platform on YouTube.  So there will be a lot of learning for me because I will also see how I can do it in anger I will do this thing separately our topic is that connect them ultimately want a good place for real estate so that he can get the girl status up always this  it happens that  The boy is becoming young and the one who subscribes now has a problem with this. The problem is that in this, the parents will sell their old house, they will earn some money from it but it is not going to be upgraded, so the girl plays the role of taking a loan because now she is not in school.  It's a big mess, there are a lot of marriages, that's why it's sour and they do it with the girl's period too, they don't even think about what's going on, don't take that 3BHK for you if it's a 1cr 1.2 cent program.  Take the vote of 1.7 with the boy, you will whisk for Canada somewhere, after 2 years, I would like to tell you one thing on this, I have made three videos on marital series, I will receive that too with the fourth video that mother-in-law and daughter-in-law's crisis is a real estate. Only if you people want me to make a 10-12 minute video on this and explain why it should not be done, it is a mistake but why should not the mistake be done on that, if I make that topic  But if I make it then you can tell me that this sweet will like to know your why this should not be done. In every channel of mine and in every video on the channel I have said that the family should remain close to live together.  Not even said in the video, ca n't go together, means same pencil and back and forth, up and down, same city, ahead of society, inspector, half a kilometer, 25 minutes, 15 minutes, door channel is needed, this is the eldest girl playing, my request to all is this.  Mistake  Don't do it, you will go dry even with this money, this old age is getting worse, there are children in the month and various reasons, mainly this would happen, if not this, then the rest because every girl's dream is to play house to house since childhood, if you let her play house to house.  If you don't give then subscribe, I will make a very interesting entertainment and knowledge video on this in detail, if you guys like it, 15 2010, now we will do this, I will leave it for now, boys make this mistake a lot.  If you are not interested in this decision making, then take one of your cloves, take 2 BHK, help that boy a little, help him also in taking 2 BHK, he will take it on loan, your account will be free, how can you not waste it in 4 BHK, then girl. My parents are okay, my third one is mine, what is the fault of the girl's parents and we do this in the girl's womb, we are girl's people, one girl is someone's two girls and if I am talking about the opposite, then what property do we have? How will we buy a girl to have a child, only then we will give money, we will give some jewelry, you will go and give them fruits, we have just kept our syllabus like this, the time is right, they do not think that yes, boy, there is no lack of girl or crime file, there is a lot of money in our society.  It has been going on for many years but now the time is over to make you mine because I will talk to you about this boy and girl, these kind of bird topics are not a molestation, if something wrong comes out of your mouth out of shyness or even send a real estate, then this is not it.  why that thing  Many a times, people write like this when they are in romance, it is fun, tell us something useful, this is good, this is bad, this was a project, that is why there is no channel, this rounding formula in the name of the channel is only today after thinking carefully.  This is a pan plane of life, I am telling you two principles, follow it, then you will get the solution. Want all the solutions without going to the template for the procedure, what are we, what are you, boy-girl, this.  It matters who says that boys and girls are equal, this is a very wrong thing, boys and girls are not equal, he can, girls are this, boys are this, everything is not equal, it is different, it is good, boy is very good, girl is also very good.  It is good that for one thing to be good, the other should not be bad and this game of equality in our society is taking us towards misery, so the girl's family has to take a tax for their daughter's happiness.  If someone has a son and he wants to get married  And he has a daughter, then you are this grandfather, he will be chatting according to the daughter, he will be chatting according to the son, you think and someone has a daughter and he has a son, then now this Nana is this.  Will anyone bat according to the daughter or will you switch Kansai Airport according to the daughter, you will get the confidence in a few days, what I am saying is that this is not the point, you all have to make abs in your entire old age.  to take a decision  A lot of girls are going in the positive phase, thinking that they will play the game of FD with us. F-35 person will go up to 443 and a half people in two-three years and old age is a long thing. At 6, everyone feels that now the rooms are full, Amresh.  Do the organs sleep and work less at 6? If you play from Amazon, then the body feels that my program is being done. That is, I will just do whatever I want, but it gets set to 1678 along with Patna. If you have crossed 6869 then this is the one which you came to 66 and your body was feeling like this, you were feeling like it has happened, suddenly you will be relieved. Bodies love you to daughters edition sweetheart of these colors lever clips in all these.  Things body, you will get used to the body that now I will add here and upsenti only I was 25 years old and have the fruit, now tell me now you must make it, this will destroy your warts of inflation.  The idea is that this is a game for the girl that I will do the same with the girl's parents, this is a wrong idea, you guys should try to do this thing. Fourth and last, I had earlier said that trees are sensing for the child. Android user  Don't let me take my fourth point, these children are making a mess where the road is jammed, the child has done very well, he will get a job worth Rs 2 lakh, there Paris's dominance prevails, son, you are like a job, if we tell you then he would have studied.  you still have brains  Where to put it, how to put it and that too, let me see that the children with one and a half to two and a half to three lakh wings, neither this elder father nor the mother listens, tell me, God is also setting the meaning, how, meaning, and this I can now tell you Jobs in Alwar Thousand Base Rate.  I have been watching for 12 years and did not tell that in my house it is my wish and that of my neighbour. I am making a note in my diary and doing research and telling that there he is playing the game but here he is not doing well. This 30 ₹40 has gone astray.  Do something, there the child will decide that Baba should send his 160 yard plot here, this should be done, I am an entrepreneur, this is also wrong, just like the first point was wrong, this point is also wrong, cleaving the property of the parents and selling them to Africa. Don't try to please me to meet you, make it artificial, earn money, your husband will come to know how important money is, then he will come up with a business position and we are more intelligent than you and  Is doing anything from 500 to 500 now leads to the score. Do you want to subscribe or do you guys note down all this which fathers give to their children and the children then in this way you melt it. If you do not want then subscribe.  Take it, meet your people, subscribe to your fans, interested, interested in buying something else, someone who can explain it to you, then you have to understand all these things, discuss it in the family and last subscribe want to tell  Everyone printhead through every child is a big problem for their parents also. What is there in our country? If you don't listen to me then you don't respect me. This is a big mistake. If you have done good in property, your child has done good in your life. If it looks like a pimple, then you are but you have ever had any compulsion for any reason, there was no understanding of any liability, now if you do not have a child then it is good and if the child does not, it means that he does not love you and the other  Understand that children should be with their parents, make them beautiful, love them a lot, bring them things, share their sorrows and pains, talk to them a lot, but it is not necessary to listen to them all, I am just a parent, if you have any disputes,  The face is Mashallah, Masha, is there any uncle, is there any relative, is Papa's open, then listen to them too and just Vikas, your child does not listen to you, it means he is insulting you, this is not the reason, this is SSC Indian, if we  If you remove it from your mind then families will progress. Take decisions together. Do not blame each other. Where clarity is not complete, establish that clarity. Do not create fear. If a child is crossing the road and you forget him, it is not your disease.  If he meets a collision, he will not cross, if he does not cross, he will never be able to light the road again. You have to tell him the ways to teach him the roles and if necessary, cross the road with him, but you cannot say that he will not cross the road with these papayas. Video  If you liked it, please subscribe my channel, if not then share the video. Thank you.