Hello friends, today our topic is Role of Wife in Property Purchase Decisions and in this I will further discuss 5 mistakes which our mothers make during the month due to which they are not able to do this property in decision-making and many people lose out.  And in the end I will tell you what should be done, so first of all we all have to understand that buying a property without a wife is not only difficult but also impossible without the consent of the parents because nowadays even the banks take loans.  They are making the applicant without the wife's consent, even if the wife has little judgment and Sibal is not there, the wife's signature is required and anyway, buying property without the wife's consent will cause limited trouble. Whenever we buy property, we invest. What is this in our life, if it is peace, happiness and joy, then if we will not get it then instead of searching for it in the distance feature, we will be in trouble in the present, then it is not worth it, however, many things.  What I see happening on a daily basis inspired me to make this video. So for all the husbands who are watching it, the first thing they have to do is to forward it to the wife before watching further and ask them to do so.  Please request if you can subscribe the channel, it is a request from me that any person today buys properties within the age of 25 years developed between the age of 3455 pims.  There is no such 3245 person in this racket in the group, neither man nor woman, Nakul couple, who have any money to make in real estate or make fun of the name of any of their immediate relatives or have not traveled to them, then this is a big source point.  In the life of the wife, her reaction is justified, whatever she does, I will cover it in the mistake, but I request all the mothers and sisters that you also watch the video.  The mistake you have to make is not doing it and how can they be awarded, so the first mistake is that I am telling all this as Professor of Wires. When it comes to purchasing any property, this process is going on. The first step is to buy a house. That I will say, see those activities but it means that she does not want to take ownership of that section, everyone will listen and she will give this line to her husband, Patti gets very disturbed by this line, Patti is also very upset with the tea, God, you come and see and tell me.  from this Any new approval is required after posting everything. Yes, it's ok, but you get distracted after seeing this word. If you don't want to speak this word, then you have 50% participation in that decision making. Whether that decision is right or wrong, this word will line you up.  Do not say, the second mistake is that there is a chatak relative syndrome of the wife, there is some channel from one side or the other, some channel comes out of the cycle, terrorism would be brother-in-law, if his brother-in-law's home number is word second number.  But it comes to me, I just laugh, I want to make it serious and tell you what is very serious, don't make fun of it, these are things from the heart which update genuinely. If you relate to this thing then please like it. What happens in relative syndrome? Pancake can be brother-in-law, the other one can be his uncle, there can be a relative on the side of the bike and the one who has done good in the property at any time, something good has come out of him in this thing. Ladies, it doesn't seem to be in perspective, I call the country, the word is spoken in astrology, okay, it is very important that what was the time, which was the place, and if you contacted at that time, then it was twenty years back, when the word of not working is activated, six years.  Back when the dynamics are changing, blindly following a relative, following his condition, staying close to him, talk about this.  Used to say current, what is happening in this matter, people get trapped in five-six year old things, that trend has already been looted, it does n't matter on that Friday, now friend, below is this way, auditor, very right time, so that's why you  Don't copy blindly, this is a big mistake. Don't do this. Ladies don't need a third idea of ​​budget. I told the mothers and sisters very politely, God is not helping anyone, even me.  Mom, she is my wife, she is my mother-in-law, okay, but I am telling her that she has a little issue in mathematics in this budget, many men also have this problem, okay, why is it dark, ladies who have a lot of carats, this dam will fry her too.  I know Pathan Mohan, this is an issue, let me explain to you that your husband's salary 20 years ago was Rs 20000 and your salary is 50 months.  If the salary is Rs 1,000,000 then what is the fault in Rs 1,000,000? We have taken something from you earlier this year. What is this? Have to ask someone. Today the salary of the same husband has become Rs 2.5 lakh. This will be the salary for 50 months. So this is the question for the House.  The said money is 70 Ohm my God 1.2 first year is very expensive don't know what we will get in 1.25 CR because that is not your perspective you see this What was available for ₹ 1000000 20 years ago, today it should not actually be available for ₹ 1.25 crore, so if there is a demand for inflation, then it should be available less, but in today's market of G-20, one of the best things to watch is Which is the  Best time to buy property: If you look at the cycle, it was getting the same amount even six years ago, but the salary was coming six years ago, then from the data points that I research, I include these things in it. That angry and Singh also used to do this in front of the humor of the property, they give loans, they are my intentions and salary, it will not be difficult to say it in bias, isolation, crores, crores, crores, crores, crores, 10 lakhs, 50 lakhs, it is far from the best and this vegetable is not like that.  That ladies, please listen to the mails that you are also listening to or you can also use it for yourself. If you got this property of Rs 2500, then how many months was it and how was it today?  If you come on the day of Kitne Ki Aayi, then you will get things and correct perspective, then this is very necessary to get punished in hotel, this is mistake number three of mistake number four of visiting sample apartment, how will you visit, how will they stay, I read many ladies, this is from government people. She is not very close to her family, she is settled in a house, she is posted in different places, gradually she gets a small house on paper, then a bigger one and gets promotion from her husband.  She kept sleeping ok, respected her, kept laughing, different good SP from different places, decorated her very nice house, now what happens when that problem is that she wants to show her retirement benefits, neither even try to delete that stuff, but with some stuff.  She is so attached that she had bought them and the Rhino in Assam, while the fat one is so attached to the passion of her choice, Rajasthan she had picked up some more furniture, we have to pick up some from somewhere, we got as much respect as we got together, what happened?  His soul resides there because he is selfish and keeps it fashionable all day, so now that said 5 lakhs is returned, collect all the maximum items of your house, get all the household items in your house, when it is fitted with a truck, you have to add it for insurance.  It never happens five times. According to me, everything should be an exam. Jewelry is said to be items like TV, Fridge, AC, this is on electronics and whatever other paintings you are talking about, I, you, you can tell me yours, now you So this one which I see in the Friday couplet is worth Rs. 1.25 crores, in this it was my promise that if it remains then I will not be able to find its place, what should I do, it is looking a little small for me, then on that you reject things that I  You need something else and that is once you grow, were you not killing minutes in some city? Let it be, in the city where you have permanent residence, there is still a thing in front of Niti that you can visit every day and see, you will be relaxed, many people.  I know  By saving 2-4 days, 5 days, the team will come for 6 days, they can see 2, 3, 4, 5 properties, they don't have more time than that and they understand something and then go away, and let me tell you an example of what they don't understand.  Given wherever my request to all ladies is value CHC one apartment word very clean and neat nowadays seeing technology our society will be kept such wonderful new stuff is coming that is for her not all of it put all yours somewhere Brian  Below are the methods, per 100 grams, you can stay in the kitchen. The old systems which are there in government houses do not work here. Nowadays, if you touch these with the teachers' fitting sarees, everything opens up like this, something comes down in the shelves, something comes here.  But there is no need of evil forces, they look for Chauth Ladies Store and where else if you are different, the biggest issue is that they are like this, oh brother, you keep retiring, take care of you when someone  Join is that you took the box, you took this and gave its difficulty, it gives a lot of relief, many people are deprived of this, till now in this society, you have to keep both the dirty things carefully, then when you should understand that, now you are looking for a permanent one.  If you stay in it then you do not need a store because whatever goods are there in the store i.e. what is not yours, what is yours and is going to come in future also because you will not put too much anywhere because many times there are many people like this, sometimes it is a cold place.  I will never be hot  I will also have oil filters and their other people will be in the society, so they have everything, thanks, but now you have sucked your stay, so keep the pistol here, if no one is interested, then search for the noise, you will not get it.  Apart from the fifth biggest argument, it seems that on which things are, there is a Vaastu specialist in Express Group. Yes, ladies with 114, I will not speak clearly in the college. 1431 I am a Vaastu specialist, I have heard something from somewhere on this, Singh South  Impressing note, I have heard something, he has a nomination and the husband has zero knowledge, so the husband has to reply, who is Pit Pit, brother, how much knowledge do I have? 114 So let's go to see this property, now you are saying something there, otherwise this is a flight.  I have such decisions, I want to ask people, what is the fashion of flight, please tell me, how will you tell about the fitting of torch light, do you people know a little about this thing, don't you know about the keys according to the plots?  According to this, you are going left, the basic element of Vaastu is that sunlight should come when the wind comes, people have already explained it in the directions, this topic is best if you do it in the return flight, then you will end up with more ridiculous vomit and buffaloes selling it.  If it is ok then he will say morning yes amyas passenger small size basic ok he is moving ahead of the loop sunlight is unique there ok but if there is any obstacle which is similar to everything sold in India ok then if  If anyone wants to add anything to this, then he can ask me, I will tell you about Vastu, without knowing Vastu, Vastu Shastra is very complex. Those who are big Vastu specialists, after all, take a lot of money and give charity within it, in this way, you can give charity to the common man. No, that job guarantee is not there, I will update it, that is, when you are roaming around with quality, then it is okay if someone is not going to tell all the things in the open, which are extra, but I tell you the general things, if you wish, add fat, water, water, it is fine. and more  South too, on this back, you can see all this by standing there, facing the free lion, that bad smell, you are walking with a compass and you are walking with bronze, if you do that Romi selection, then this Vastu specialist, who is a lady, can either become a Vastu paste or actual.  But it will take time, study and money. You have taken it from someone's small batting and given it from outside. Okay, so neither select nor visit the property from this profession and husband.  What happens if Delhi likes it, then I will give you this crore, I will ask the question, if my wife is not happy, then what is the meaning, okay, then I told you this for 5 minutes, now it comes to what to do, then what to do, I will give this for the British.  That you also get properties, you too don't be good, you are not good, why are these two not good, what is not good, because any property is like this, it is the marriage of a boy and a girl, if you want to chat now, then you want to set the engine, then sleep now.  You have to check your pocket money from your last  You have to see and see as per your requirement, what happened that you went to a city, you went to Noida, you went to Gurgaon, you went to Pune, you did not like any property anywhere, as it is being built, if you did not like it then it is not a matter.  Two years four spoons will like they will be small and expensive one will be very small and expensive if you are visiting today it's something like chop this year a girl rejects a boy that it was like this  You are beautiful yourself, but at the age of 28, it is not that you will get great things with every year. See, I used to add marital too, that is what I do. Subscribe to my channel. In this, I add a mixture of all the things, not just property. So if you don't do it, you are complete. Then they get married and when they come to know about the realistic things, they buy the property. I will tell everyone that migration is going on. Had demanded ₹ 10 for 100 grams of development in 2012, so he  Kept 10, then messed up the number, reduced it to 80 grams, then subscribed, you ca n't go below the subscription, so increased the money, forced them to do this thing, these parle-g people are doing the same thing in the market because you get that ticket.  Will not teach the price, that price will keep getting smaller, so you should be very careful about this thing. Second ladies, do not look at anything else that the idea of ​​a system of maximum goes to see the affordable housing, cars are cut in it.  For parking, I mean, it is a gift to you, which is CID C and Tech of flats worth Rs. 2.5 crores. You try to live in a flat for Rs 2500000 or less. Every plot that you would like to have tomorrow's office number is written on it. What is the rate? Is the carpet area very transparent? It is clearly stated in the list which is available in a very clear manner. What is your extra charge? In the answers, you will get a 2 BHK flat in 15 rupees.  They also go to see, neither do you think in that too, there is not even a berry in it, I give you good training, two rooms, two times, two kitchens, one question, two, I am getting any training at all, for less than the death of Innova Christa Cullen, so there is a lot of demand in it.  You ca n't put the program, if you want, then if you want, then you have to understand that due to such a train, it is atrium, so the facilities of First AC are different, its ticket price is ahead and that of General, so all ladies, all brothers, all  children too  Do you know what is Jungle Tapak, how much is its ticket, then there is sleeper class, what is that without anyone, what is its ticket, then comes third AC, do you know in that you get ticket or second AC, first AC, the same.  Like, all the goods are available in the market, so if you go to get third AC price, that suits you, you need the facility, first of all, you should not fast any such letter, then you will never get any success, any person has to pay money for free AC, Delhi.  From  If you want to go to Trivandrum and have the facility of first AC, then you can never buy such results. Many ladies have troubled their fans a lot. I know someone's gender, if you take this, the day after tomorrow, many men also get fatter than this. Men are very tasty in the morning.  I am fine, just like I am telling you the issue as a creative work, then in my end I will do what to do in the video. Ladies should know this that no house can be bought without a lady. Men. Ladies should find their own knowledge. Wherever it is, it is not right to say to the ladies. Tell them why it is not right and get clarity. Make it knowledge based. They have to acquire knowledge from them. Every Sunday is conducted not in the same way, it is to give you real estate education.  And whoever it is normally from 1112 in the morning Jolo wants to connect with whose lady whoever wants to connect join me  I can provide teaching and coaching in it, then you apply that tablet of yours, you will get that clarity in your city and this will save you from huge loss. This was going to be a huge benefit and whatever benefit you took, that time.  If the information is sensitive then it will be beneficial then it will help you a lot. You can connect with any resource and for the sick, whoever wants to register, do it. Free Web Glass is increased by 1112 friends on subscription.  If you give it, I will thank you on YouTube only.