Hello friends, you must have heard the name of Royal Green Project Affordable Housing, just like people must have heard the name of Rahul, Shahrukh Khan ji's dialogue, 382 applicants got rejected in it, those who could not give the certificate of PM Awas Yojana, then whoever is waiting.  Those in the list will get cleared. You were a little dispelled and you did not have to do the withdrawal. I have always been telling you through videos that the waiting list gets cleared. Yes madam, I told you earlier also.  If you haven't told then please write in the comment section. It's ok. It was told under the video that if there are 382 applicants then waitlisted, not so many were waitlisted, only 20 but only 20 cents of people are waitlisted for this, so call me again.  Will come for something and then will hit this dat. Feedback on this but if you are currently wait-listed in this affordable Royal Green and did not come out then you can distribute sweets today.  Okay, it will be a quiet minute, fennel, stay connected for the rest of the project and for this update too. If you haven't subscribed to the channel, then send it to each other. Many women are also asking that now money is being asked for what.  If you could not give, ask the government. It is the duty of the government. It would not be right to give or not to give on my request, because its four different projects have different systems of ideas. The builder was blacklisted and this news was removed from the blacklist. confirmed  And I feel that the people of the government machinery should come and tell what is the implication of writing a letter to the builder. First, don't give the money. If you can give it, then take out this letter. Neither are the representatives of the government who give them the job. Twitter  But put it on Facebook, ask questions, do it, say give money, that is, ask me privately, then go ahead, I have an opinion, I will reach out with it, but give it, and then if something goes wrong, then who is responsible?  I will take the responsibility, it is the government's responsibility, not an individual, I can't take it, I am not a representative of Gurgaon, I am selected, it is okay, no, I am a government employee, is it okay or am I in office, is it my official capacity, okay, if something happened, then do n't do what was said, then whatever happened.  If it has been removed then what is the implication? Now there are many people who live in Gurgaon, brother, go to the office and ask those who live outside, then there should have been a group of all of you, right?  I should do this whenever any project comes out, I will make some mechanism, people invest a lot in me, I want to become a partner of some group, it doesn't matter to me, if I am inundated with such messages, then I would not be able to join the group, but I would like to say to you all, create a group among yourselves, let an administrator enter your number and she will say, I am here and so will the rest of you, the way you all should gather together, there is strength in unity, ask each other what will happen.  so your  There are 800 allottees in the project. Will there be any announcement or will their address be official? Go and meet him and the officer. Not all of them can be found. Friends can be found. Friends can be found. At least some can be found who lives near the office or within four-five kilometers.  So you can also go to Maheshwar yourself and do that. If you invest in many things like going in the sun, traveling, then that means you will have to suffer a little, both of them are fine, let one of your people tell you everything because when there is a gray area, then this  You can tell in a flash whether this is white or like this is black, this is white, this is black, white is very clear, so when something happens in between, no, you tell, yes, the work of many things is official, tell them, policies and tell if.  If there is something very clear, please tell it. My request is to the government employees, you should tell it through social media on Twitter that we have removed it, now money can be given, it cannot be given, you will ask the company.  The company people have been asking for this even before, if you ask the people of the blacklisted company, then you are not satisfied and if it comes from some other F-18, then if you have better knowledge about this or whether there is a letter, then you can comment in the comment section of this video.  If you can put it then the rest remains to be seen, from the sources of funding to the right source of information contained in a crowd sourcing of information, it is also possible to jointly create a platform. People put their opinion on that, yes brother, this is our interpretation of the letter, a letter came just 3 hours ago, he said, I don't know that all these things are not known in real time, is n't it right and this No one is leaving the old things, who took the contract for the old project? It is okay to give knowledge to the people, whatever it seems is okay, I am putting in a little effort, but if you think that you should put in all the effort, brother, I am not a lazy person.  the bar rotates ok  Okay, so whatever information anyone has, I have a request, you can put it here through this video, in the comment section and on your group. And in groups, there is always some person who is clever, not just one but many.  They can guide each other, hold hands because there are four projects, there is something different in Chhath, 103 has its own story, 104 has its own job, so luck had fallen in each of them, all four should be closed. All four of them will be opened, each one is different, so it will take some time, even me, honey and cheese are applicable in one and may not be in the other. This is me. I note that the noise stop is fine, but you should check yours and ask the official. And the request from the official is that brother, how much communication skill do you guys have and how easy would it be? You have to put one thing clearly on the site that is, focus on writing the What Has Been Happening and Not All People Can page.  He is feeling ashamed, that is, write it in the ashram. Now how should the consumer interpret that meaning that if you removed him from the blacklist or something, then everything is fine? Then write that business Hizbul is all fine. Write this clearly in simple words.  Two, I am speaking wrong, he is speaking right, tell me, you people also want to do some show, don't you want to take a little bit of money, then the people of Royal Green, who were not fired, who were very quick, brother, this is my 1.25 lakh, I am his interest round.  Is  ₹ 500, brother, Jin-Jin took a loss of 1.5 2,000. Today their lottery opened. Okay, so congratulations, yours is open. Please tell me whether it is like this or not. People tweeted that unless we all know English, this is why this happens.  I don't know if it's okay, people in the list can tell me below. I was the one who saw the video and it was not me and it became mine. Thank you very much. If it's like this then it's okay to write thank you in this too.  Don't hurry in the waiting list, what happens in three-four months, there is not much loss to the turn, if one lakh rupees in one year comes to ₹ 5000 and 1.25 lakh, this is 78 thousand rupees, only 28 thousand with interest, you have only  Keep it up Munna Bhai MBBS is ok so it passes thank you