Friends, this cream is from the tube, it is running on gas, we will discuss about it, I have never been feeling well, he has been kept in Vidro, I was not feeling well for the past few days, otherwise till today, I would have become the fastest till date. So many people have given a lot of comments. Sorry everyone, I thought that you can tell me some important thing which is always like the content of the channel, what works in real, they will not rip them, they will tear them, then nothing happens, I will tell you what happens in life. You know that this bullying has been going on for a long time, I will say that it is going on, okay, and I started seeing its pattern in the beginning, I had made 2 videos on this earlier also, I had made Greatest Hits of a Builder, you guys must have seen this. Chutku which is on YouTube 4 weeks before Vidro Chatna Chutku YouTube because they do n't want to show subscribe then how many of them went to the site and started talking bad about it whereas if it never happens in real estate then it is bad No one makes a video by going on it. This pattern is a retail pack. It's okay. No one makes a video after washing it. It's useless. Go on a motorcycle and make a video. You do n't even know that if you go in a car, that text will appear bigger. To show off on a motorcycle, as if the votes are less, then some idea started forming that there is something on the post and now that your affidavit was not clear, people were given a good night's sleep. People were asking how is the winter, how is the winter then.  also that  There was a positive belt, it was told that the location is very good, the figure of seven thousand was protested in the application, but now it has come to know that the application will be forcefully rejected on the film series. The first question which no one asks is that no one even knows that it has to be asked. End.  Only Sapna will tell the relative number one. The question to ask is to ask the question that the Inspector Song is doing this winter, the government will do it. During this period, your stomach is the brain. 6.15 scrutiny is done by the builder's children, the boys do it, the employed people do it.  Do it in this among government employees because ever since online 12 13 14 affordable ones have come, somewhere there is so much hi-fi that if no one gave the number of Kerala and Nine, then what happened, the applications were rejected that they  Nominee of line 11 is not to be put, it is not good, people say that even though it was put in right, the next nominee was not put in bad, what will you do, keep it simple brother of 9G.  If the transmit list is being generated then you have entered all your actions correctly and believe it or not, if someone has nominated, then what's more crazy in that, it is possible that someone may not have any leniency, it is necessary to be normal in life, that is 1 lakh.  Money is gone and there is no nominee, no one will get it, so I am resetting the application, then like, progress is being made without logic, you too, saying someone's company city would be very early, it is fine, but many also  The whole world is being monitored, how will the government react, how will it happen, it will come to know that you have food, you use Twitter, CMO, Haryana has to be invited, this is the fascination, you have this Reddy Senior Gurgaon feeling, you replied to me, that  You can go and press your complaint, you can physically go to 14 sector and lodge a complaint with DTCP, maybe you can see the situation, I will try to put the link on Twitter, you can write to Shanti, who is this Shanti tomorrow evening?  Yes, that's enough and write Royal Prince's message to him, what are you doing in this note, any idiot, in lock style, it takes years to earn a name in the friend list, it takes years to get it right, you know there was no time at all, okay, add like that, builders  There are so many people that the chief seems scared of you or you mistrust him, then it is not good at all to do all this, this should be settled right here, but please let us think first and second, what is thinking after second, ahead of your journey. What can be thought, I am feeling a little scared, it is okay to have live wallpaper, if it is not right, then what can be thought, the first thing that can be thought is that if there is such a product in a week, then it is good, that is why there are so many queues and people.  Otherwise, people were also asking on this whether it is good or not. This application was rejected because it was done by force. Android will be fine. According to me, we should have faith in the system. We should have faith in the system only till then. Before the system fails, I Nothing should be said, okay, so we have faith, we have to have faith, but this shows that everything is good, okay, so money will be made, it will come out, so here you will find good ones on YouTube, those Chutku YouTube just those who got spoiled.  That one is zero, it is okay, it is in 6262, this one of 6216 has become bad and the 17th one has become good, by praising all that, the new one has been kept, I will tell you that all the 170s are good, it is also very good, okay.  So there is affordable housing wherever it is and it is good, the night will come in Bada also, it will be quite good in Supaul district also, this Arabic is fine, the rate at which the thing is closed, then there should be a discussion, let's ask if it is fine till now, then you are fine.  Whether you started liking it or not, okay Sir Karthik, I am not saying this, tell people a bigger picture, now I feel that after this paste, more than 50% investors have become affordable housing.  What do people think? Do you know why it is there? No, we will not go into morality on that. I have already made a video of that, we will not go into morality on that, but friend, perhaps according to me, this is a piece of question. Leave it for a builder.  I want 80 cents of my own and the norms should be done for that so that Jain gets those people and at 20 cents I told the builder to send the better one to wherever he is concerned. It is okay in that too, this is a high moral of value.  The ground is being held, this is also fine, according to me, they are the representatives of NDA government, I may have a misunderstanding, as it seems that while listening to me, watching my videos, it is fine, so it is in the public interest, let me tell you what happens to you Indian people because  The thing is not sustainable because it has been made commercial, in the commercial people like us have come and told us that they will leave, there is no benefit, so now it was people and people have been fooled, it has become eight percent.  If you are spending on commercial etc. at any rate, then Prabhu commercial will not be sold, then from where will you save money this winter, then it is ok, that is why I should buy affordable non-commercial, then do not make simple and videos so that if you get commercial for it, then this All the problems of the project will stop because if there is no property then no one will work. This is a website so I have closed it but it is for practice that is how I feel right now.  The inflation which has increased like steel bars and cement will be done, it is better if it is not done indiscriminately and the public also should not think that it means they will continue to get it like this, so wherever they are now they are coming under compulsion.  If they are coming, they are also running towards this Indal, the license for more years is not being granted due to some technical quality, then why if it is less than the distance of the transit corridor, then the density will have to be brought in it, its ruling.  As for the seminar, it is affordable right there, it is not affordable there that anyone wants to bring it anywhere. If he does n't want to save money in winter, he will bring his Deendayal. He has become very fond of this. After Rs 28 lakh, this is available in the Gurgaon market. Deendayal was starting at 6065, he bought 765 and then he also became 8085, so that luck is here and again in the middle.  There is a gap that A 5866 means a memorandum of 50 lakhs. Okay, this app should bridge the government by creating a separate product. There is a definition of comfortable in positive ₹ 5. According to me, a separate product can come where there is a very good car.  Whether there is parking, there are few vanities, he should read it and he will also mute these questions of the public. We can tell him that AC three tier side seats will be available or it is called sleeper class. As an option, something like three tier AC should be brought, if Deendayal AC is three tier, then the seat inside will be a little more comfortable, then the seat on the free side should be like this, I felt like doing this, how did you like it, please share it with people.  No, this should not be done in broad daylight, it is okay, it is getting cold, so now you spread it and ask the basic question, who composed this music Shankara, why did it happen, but we will discuss it later, the focus will be on here.  To fix the things by shifting, there is no problem in the thing, my brothers, this is Advocate Even and 110, press the button of some people, there is no result but if no sound is made, then you can put any name of anyone there.  Put your name also, put the money also, she will keep you but you have been appointed. In the meanwhile, if you want then write between them, share the video, like and subscribe the channel and turn it on.