Hello friends, I have already eaten the final figures of Royal Green, those who have applied, those who have little curiosity, started around 50, the application number, running account has crossed 5700, I just got to know from the party, if you have applied after this then  Please write in the comment section below, there have been around seven thousand applications, if who was right in that, if you remove some from us and some signatures, even if he had a stomach accident, then still we are Saif Ali.  We can assume that approximately 6000 applications have come, so the subscription has increased almost eight times more. Deposit is a lot of misconception, its payment has already happened yesterday, the date is the same, it is okay, so eight times more subscription is looking good.  I was thinking that it would go up to 10,000 but could not go up to 10,000 because of misconceptions. People are still making some misconceptions in between. Whether car parking will be available is in the brochure, it will be given in actual, please give it later, the cars that come after December 2020 will be available at the most affordable and most likely time because the management was passed at that time, people older than that can also get the rule. According to this, if the people who get it at the age of 66 from the Central Office approve it and make a hair mask instead of winter, then the old one can also be found in me and after that, whoever gets it in their  If RERA is coming with a provision then it will be available in it, but what they are showing right now on the site is showing car parking, there is no disorder in parking, do you people know how the games are played, okay, so to stop those games, I have  Had made a video that if you increase the rate of this WhatsApp to Rs 2.5 lakh, if you give an agent then Rs 1.25 lakh, I don't think car parking is fine like that. The video has already been made. What is your opinion on this? Please write on the comment section. Videos will be coming in the future also on Affordable. If I have a bigger video than the previous one then I will prepare it for everyone and I will make it for Kasam Singh. The upcoming one will now be released in the next month. Himachal team should make its sector-19 most likely. If it is ok then update you. keep seeing you thank you thank you