Hello friends, I have brought Marg Test Series video number two, I said a little, it is a timely topic, it is going to be very interesting, stay tuned till the end, or today's topic is mother-in-law and daughter-in-law issues, how to deal with them, will you take my good topic seriously?  What is going on in this is a big entertainment question in English. Do not take it seriously. The topic is very serious and affects the society. But Ekta Kapoor's series Saas-Bahu.  That I have brought more entertainment questions than that, so whoever is watching, please watch with a little humor but the topic will go much deeper. The issues of mother-in-law and daughter-in-law are present in almost every house and are also a cause of great sadness. Traveling in India's Ignore.  I would say that because of their juice, I have brought this video for a lot of service, my diaries will also be kept clean with my help and my wife's and I will watch it whenever I can because after all it is a public platform to talk like this. You will be the judge, you can also read the code at home, so on this wrist, when I am not doing content, one like is created and if you have not subscribed the channel, then please subscribe, a different new topic every day, it is enough to remove new content.  If you feel strongly, then my request is that if you like it at the very beginning, then which topic will I cover in the form of 5 mistakes in this relationship. These are the five wrong thinking which are becoming a backdrop in these.  If there were issues then that is the first mistake. The first match is fixed. The son has to understand the plot. The husband has to understand the plot. The mother thinks that this son of mine protests has kept my recipe. Now this is Mahua's initial thinking. Now he should be transferred. Now this is me, the man.  If I am there, give me the controls, then this thinking is wrong. Son, there was only one, my heart beats while waiting for her, so do the same for this tree which is about to be transferred. There is a relationship, a new relationship is being formed, so it is not that the old relationship will travel.  to mother  Have to relax that the boy who was 13-14 years old had started to move away from the time he made a place in the team and now he is 17-18 years old, must have gone there to study, then got a job in it, then his or her arrangements were made, then he started his own life.  If it is not resolved, then such a love which is so high that it comes down a little and it is a rapid time, but when marriage happens, then the old one is seen to be so calm that the mother realizes that now we belong to someone else.  of that  There is a feeling that a girl is coming in this, in the first contact, this old wife has to keep patience of both the mother and the mother, the images are not going to be transferred, the recipe is not the plot, okay, so this was a mistake, the second one is a mistake in this.  Shasta says more that whoever marries your daughter, Bhanwara has also come for your daughter, she has not come for any benefit of yours, you have benefited a lot of your in-laws but now According to 2021, I am telling you that now your daughter is getting married, if that is your son's life, then your year will be under God's will, this is the only role and there is the daughter's cup final, daughter's life partner.  It is high for the daughter only, for the betterment of better and for the son, if any of your little ones get any benefit, then consider yourself a girl, maybe you will get some happiness and now it has come, it is for your daughter, so this second. In the third part of the mistake, it is the daughter-in-law's mistake, like in the first one, cover both of them, in the second one, there is a breathing mistake, in the third one, the daughter-in-law has a lot of mouse pointers. It seems very real that this boy keeps doing bada maa, only listens to bada maa.  Tell me, he listens to me, this means that uncle ji has this, what does this mean, he wants something very solid from me, he tells me that I have to become an income tax person, that means mom, mom will leave me, this is a very wrong thinking of girls and girls.  It should be understood that the boy who is married or is 25 26 27 28 years old has been in this call between his parents, if he takes the path of his family, is a little attached, is a little family oriented, like that too.  He is a leader of calculations and gives also, so it is not a bad thing because he is still associated with the one who created him. He believes in something and if he has emotions and touch, then he should leave you too. This boy will not turn out like that. Because today, the one who did not ask his parents, no one will ask you too, whatever your Chaudhary goes down, which goes with every lady, after getting married, after having children, that maturity comes and that beauty, if not that much. If this boy is of that kind who doesn't even ask his parents, meaning he is also a boy, then when you will get the meaning of it, it will come out of you, then you can go to the meat point, then it is not a very wrong thing, so in the beginning it seems that He gradually became a little more patient.  If something happens in the box, it becomes unbearable without you. When children of their own come into life, how do they go about earning money? Our girls here do not want to hold back, they cannot wait for two-three years, they slowly  - After getting married, the message is that the boy is responsible, the message is left right towards you, what does it mean, he himself will get trapped in the everyday life in which you are financially, you should not cut the umbilical cord, Mary has to go to medical college, when a boy was born, a girl was born, he is a doctor.  If the card is given, then you do not need to cut the end by doing fresh images, you will spread your pain with it and on top of that, so that those boys also in the name of their mother, we are like this, but you two Baba will say, if you do like this, then Mamta will awaken in that also.  This mother- son relationship would have been normal, if you had been a little different, then what would you say to us here, not to teach them who are our daughters, but be patient, you got married so soon.  no need to  I will tell you in sharp detail, in this again it is the fault of both of them that togetherness makes mistakes and Vaibhav makes mistakes. Breathing is like my daughter, your daughter-in-law is like my daughter and she is very much like a mother. This thinking of the society is very wrong, whatever your relationship is going to be.  If there is anyone else then tell me that I would like to keep your daughter as my daughter, so you should be afraid of her, it is not right, that is why the daughter is scolded a lot, the daughter can sometimes be insulted, she is my daughter, is n't it?  own production  This is a factory, if you ever say something, everyone knows how fierce the fight is between mothers and daughters. There is a fight in the morning, there is a break in the evening. The next day, the friend said that the daughter can say anything to her mother, but the daughter-in-law can say anything to her mother-in-law and get away.  You can't do this, only after 6 months or one year Hashmi will be similar, you can say anything to your daughter, you could even wear slippers, she is your daughter, she can say anything, it's okay, but if you can't say anything to your mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, then you have to call your daughter-in-law.  You have to give the same status as the daughter-in-law, she has to go to her own house, do n't make her a separate relationship, God, this is a separate relationship, meaning shame is this tempered glass, daughter is a daughter, okay then daughter-in-law is separate and you also have this message to her, you have to maintain a little formality, a little emotional. Even a lemon is considered to be a problem, you are the same thing, I am my own, if you have understood your mother, then you also say something, but what you have said will be taken into consideration, because I am you too, not a committee.  In this  Blood relations are blood relations, okay, and the relationship you have in them is also through that relationship, it is marriage or son, good night cannot be done, son, no matter how it turns out, son is son, but daughter-in-law and rebellion son.  They have a relationship with a bed and a relationship, so it is clear and this is a blast and all these are relationships, the day by running this relationship all the relationships break down, then you have to consider this relationship as very delicate and in the beginning so early, this daughter also  If you want to make it agreeable so quickly, then it is a matter of both of them.  It is a mistake in the society that it is said a lot that you will keep your daughter in the same way as your hunger, we will keep the daughter in a very good way, but not too much, our daughter should be kept in the same way. Edit Apply. May he be blessed with a son in his son-in-law. Don't forget the son-in-law thing.  It is the same relationship, okay, there is nothing like a son, there is nothing like a mother, a son is a son, a daughter is a daughter, a daughter-in-law is a daughter-in-law, and if she will become a daughter, then if you have a daughter in your house, you will make her cigarette yours.  My daughter-in-law is also coming.  It continues here that the girl is spoon hot to see him, you type this or you are going to play relations, I will be judged like I go to college, the child will remain for a while, if he goes to a new rough job, then brother, make him struggle.  If it is seen, then it will be the face, it will also be judged, how it is, what it wears, how it is kept, then it has to be kept to a minimum and whatever you call yourself, you have to respect yourself and mix well, but you will understand the concept of that next.  comes  On one topic, which is a mistake among the five, which I should tell, all four are old couples, mother-in-law, father-in-law, go to the girl's parents, tell the boy among them, who will serve us, who will look after us, who is the elder, I have kept it there.  I want to clear it once and for all, I want to clear it for the society, everyone has to share something, only then the society now all have a common platform tag, you have forgotten that you have the power, only then things will start changing, this is the thinking of one from below.  your thinking  Then there is some fight, you have to see what is the normal combination of each child, some have two boys, some have 2 minutes, some have one boy and one girl, some have only one boy, some have one girl.  Those who have 95% combination are 2-3% who have children or 3-4 children, I will not talk about them. No matter how much I explain, understand that for 90% Rao, there is some different XP distribution of 5%, fifth grade.  I have kept aside the five, eight and ten percent that are made or are not made at all. I also address roughly 90% because the videos do not consider ninety percent but two percent, so in this you have to see that which Only the goods of the last production factory should serve you. It is like a boy from a girl. If you have to expect from someone else that you are useless, then this is an example. If I have parents, then their responsibility is only mine.  Or whatever my brothers and sisters are, it is my wife's too, my wife loves me and I am busy in doing something for my parents, this seat belt is still my notification, in the same way if my wife's  Something is happening to Parv in life, I need to shoot my wife, it is my responsibility to do it, it is not my moral obligation, but I should give the best to my wife, like I am shuttling my friend to work or if my other car breaks down, my friendship.  It helps in the form of friendship, it helps my wife and me in the relationship, in the same way the whole society has to think that whoever you are, a boy or a girl who is married, this is a boy or a girl who is married, they have their own parents.  It is my moral duty to create them through this struggle, not against it, and I have to pay for it, but both of us are partners or friends, we love couples, we should help, morals should be inculcated, so if I  The wife should help the wife's parents, the wife is up to help me, they think that this one, my son, should do something, hey, the daughter-in-law will give some happiness to the queen, yet your thinking is very wrong, your thinking is very wrong.  The right is on your child, not on someone else's child. If your own child turns out to be worthless, you gave birth to him, gave him the values, spent all the money on him, then you cannot hug someone else that only he is the queen. Mother in law  Father-in-law doesn't give property, does n't give money, no brain can get that for one's own child, people will say no, that too to be utilized or collateral, honey ji, he will do it, was there any guarantee, only if they have a relationship, will he do it, if trust is lost.  If he doesn't do it, then that is his problem, so you don't have to think that my child will be born because of me and he will take advantage of the gift setting or take advantage of it. Many people have made life complicated like this, never treat it like that. I will get it if I get it  Five things have been told, this is a thought process, discuss them and spread them in the society, then the sister within you will come out, unnecessary expectations will go away and the relationships that are there will move towards becoming sweet and I had promised in joint animals that I have a  I have found a solution, this is my original solution, I started liking this tweet and I have explained it to more than 500 people in different friend circles. In the Jat idea, I have told a hundred people plus in someone's condolence meeting, of course, according to the data, I am telling that only four people have applied, this is also in a way I have told the farmers, but I am doing this because Chinese soldier, only four people have applied.  Hundred percent result has come out, there are many things in it that it will be filed under the suit but there is a solution which has to be applied, do something wherever you are going through the scriptures, in any house where you are carrying something, walk by holding someone's tail. Okay, what do you have to do in this, the son and Patti, who is Sansa's husband, okay, both of them, the father-in-law, the father-in-law and the daughter, have to play some role in which the rest of your property is given along with many properties in the name of mother-in-law and daughter-in-law. Yes, baby, there are many properties, but the daughter's mother is the daughter's father. Mother, this father only helps in big combination, but on the other side, there is no combination of breath. There is a lot of vote statement behind it. People bring very old notes from me.  They ask a lot of things, whether the booklet is written, what to write, what certificate is there, I am Purnita ji, I take yoga certificate from Ramdev ji, it is for Singh from home, okay, I am not comparing with them, but if I can get the quiz paste along with it, then I will.  I couldn't relax yesterday, I had so many that how did you like this video, I spent many hours just on this, there can be a separate channel on this but I will not go to the answer date, such interesting videos, tell me how did you like this video?  There is a second video on this, I want to make at least 10, 85 and you will like, share, give good feedback, increase my moral, Angel, I will definitely feel that the content, this ping, like, required energy, if the society, then I will tell more openly, then today this is just my opening and  I told you how you liked it, give me feedback and you can connect with me.