Hello friends, this is an interesting topic for those who are interested in these things. Sade Sati, Saturn's Sade Sati, people are very scared, tell me brother, your Sade Sati is going on, okay, so first of all, there is no need to be scared, second thing, Sade Sati.  Is it Sati? Whenever whose Moon sign is checked, where is your Moon ascendant, the Moon is said to be in Murasi, then whose Moon is in Capricorn today and a  Various soldiers, their Moon is there or is near it, their Sade Sati is going on, then whatever your mood cell, if Saturn comes to the left, comes in the twelfth house, is right or is its root cause, comes on it or goes one house ahead, then it moves.  Sade Sati lasts for 7 and a half years, there are three periods of two and a half years in it. Yes brother, there are three periods of a year and in this, there is no need to worry at all that this is the feedback time, what did you do?  When today in childhood, before the age of 15-20 years, you don't know anything about everyone's life, what will they do, then the child also has an impact, but if he has not done any such deeds then it was not much, but he is deprived of commission and will take it till 2030.  It comes because the cycle is of 30 years, so its 38th cycle. If it came in childhood, at the age of 10-15 years, then it will come in 45 years. It is okay, but because of this, zero means zero from six to one year.  If it doesn't come in 15 to 20 years, then it will come in 20-20. It's okay, but normally a person sees two to three and a half satis, depending on how many years he has lived and when he was born, which age he was in.  Till this period comes, your life is definitely changing, then it seems that whatever you have done, you get to see it and in this time, the results are not that much and you have to do more work.  There are different results according to dedication and the match is different in details, I will teach in cost and I am teaching and I will not even teach, I am teaching only platinum members there. If you are interested in all these things then you should take platinum membership. You can get information from the recording of the video, Saturn is the heroine planet, does justice, Saturn deletes, does witchcraft, whatever ever you will feel among the people, please write this zodiac sign in the comment section. Talk friend, I will tell you in this, this is your own, this one, don't tell the British that I am cancer and I am on 1510 journey, Moong's moon moon sign is different from the rest plz, this is another system, forget it, then your  If you catch the Moon which is the factor of the mind, if the Moon does not come again then the emotions start turning green, if you feel heaviness then you are of a Virgo and Capricorn is of Capricorn and is of this land.  Where the truth lies inside, how are you feeling, please write in the comment section, Pain is something that I try to bring out. You all are connected, those people have also seen it. Okay, those who have seen should tell the pain in 10 how you  The feeling is like that till this very minute, someone in the electricity system is talking naturally, it is okay with logic, it is not that he has performed magic, he is not a magician, it is okay, I am like this, it is okay, Understanding of life, understanding what.  This is happening devices apne look at in British English you will say it Delhi meeting of understanding of pain but this feeling it is page ki ne bt something good because vansh you all spend for dual app then it hurts sweet pain those muscles are becoming  That pain is good for you, this was a short video, if you are interested in all those things then don't be afraid to tell whatever is going on, you come out as a great person and shine from there.  Gives that the period of 7 and a half years will make you shine well by doing this, which if you search on the shoes like this, then it is painful, it is not fun, if you do it with someone who has shaken the child, then it shines.  So don't worry, what is going on, just write in the comment section which zodiac sign you belong to, we will take this topic further. If you like this topic enough, then I would like to do a webinar on this. I also do n't want to do YouTube live.  I would like if everyone joins, okay if you want, turn off the YouTube light, those who are undergoing investigation or those who are about to come, those who are facing any other problem, this is going on, it is going on, whatever is going on, sir.  From this I will tell you that due to stress you will have to take this thing page Thank You A