Hello friends, the topic is interesting, Saheb, wife, friend and heart's talk, here I will question this friendship, many people cannot live without friends, they have got married, after marriage, they play with friends, it is not a matter for those people, they need friends, heart.  Talking about what, I will take men as example here but it works for women too and it works very well for both the genders, so you where I will say husband and wife, you can do the opposite as well.  Can mirror image those who say ok then husbands should be friends and this is for those leaves this is for wives these friends are me Dada ok don't speak against friends friends are the only ones with whom we can talk from the heart  Okay, this is the concept we will discuss. Okay, you are talking about the heart, then what does that heart mean? Our man becomes light, why can't we do it with the wife? Hey, where does the wife listen to? So you know, you also treat your friend like your wife.  Treat that Rohit A  Mummy, tell Rohit how to wake up, how to stay in the morning or mummy, keep giving one and a half hour lecture to Rohit every day, then ask how much Rohit will listen to your heart and come to you. Friendship is extremely time wasted and rated think I come up with strong.  When I say true things, it seems to reach extreme level, but you understand what I am saying, everything is fine with a friend because ultimately the friend agrees with every word of yours. Maybe because of that, don't suffer the consequences, Han friend, you should live your life, Han, is your wife talking nonsense, do you have to be so controlling like this, you do a little bit, you do like this with your friend, you drink alcohol, you do all such activities with your friend. Due to which your health gets spoiled because what difference does it make to the friend, then ultimately your children also, why the wife does not like the wife, why the wife does not like the husband, it can seem very gendered.  It is neutral, but give it, I can't make both sides, that video becomes very long and boring, okay you can apply, bothras, if the husband's health is bad, then the wife's live partner is that partner. Are you watching? You fool are smoking cigarettes.  He is drinking, he is drunk, he is driving, he is vomiting, he is vomiting, now I will go to Manali with a bike, Harley Davidson, I want you to leave my life, and the program will be done anytime, the road will be done.  Will spend less than this, if any wife will not let me do it, here I will let you make friends, what are friends? They become our friends as we are, so it's like this, there is no quality interaction, it's like you mirror yourself  If you are talking to me, then you will definitely like all your activities, yes, you will definitely find it a stress buster, give up the time being, the day is also spent in alcohol and drugs and such things, but is that the right thing, this is what friendship is all about, is n't it?  What is a friend? Tell me honestly, let me hear that too, I do n't like friends for a long time, so what am I trying to say here, sometimes I am trying to say what I have bought like this, I am trying to say that brother, be friends with your wife only. Be friends with your spouse only because it is a common project of yours in life, your children are your common life, he is a direct partner in whatever is going, anything good happening to you is directly going to benefit you.  Spouse: Directly, indirectly, emotionally, at whatever level, he is the only person who will be good in your life. If he has his way, he is stopping, interrupting, trying to control, he is not feeling good. I know, he got up in the morning and went to play gold for 4 hours.  It feels very good to be with a friend, I got a release, but brother, if that wife also starts living life like you then all the fun starts reducing because the fun becomes less when she is with a friend, isn't it? Why don't you do it with less wife, if I have to work for 4 hours and have to do walking, then why doesn't he hold me and go shopping? Why doesn't he go for a walk? Why doesn't he go for a walk?  Why can't men and women enjoy doing whatever they want with their friends? Why can't they do it with their husbands and wives? No, only my friend goes, that's why I am adjusting the address of both the genders because once the husband  To  Started having fun with friends, I am telling all the women because you also have to see how much you have to tighten it, otherwise the bangle will not be so tight and the puri will become loose, then send your husband and then search less with friends and send that and that is theft.  He will say that I am going for less but I am going for fun with friends, then you this reason is the biggest reason for the relationship to be like this, your spouse should be the first person and respect your spouse should look forward.  You are spending other free time, not all the time because there is not so much time left, there is not that much time. If you are a husband and will give all your time to your wife, who is free or is a wife, you will give all your free time to your husband.  That time is not very much, I want to say this because where is the time from waking up in the morning till sleeping at night, from 1st to 30th from Monday to Sunday, you calculate how much time is there in this day, the society is going on today. too much room for friends in there  No, and every person with whom you talk is known at the work place. It is not right to consider or call him a friend. What is my biggest problem with friendship? I tell you, you tell me, this is my problem, no, it is my problem. Now tell me, your friend.  Your friend is as long as he believes he is your friend the day he stops believing Mera Teri Dosti Cancel There is no process It just goes I have seen because I am we In many consultations, boys and girls come in pain, who turned 30, turned 29, turned 25, 26 and that 5 year old friendship with a 6 year old, gender opposite gender, that is not so important in that, gender you do not consider the wife, your wife.  So this is not going, you go, the whole system is here to tell us that your wife is not like this, the mood has changed, this is ungood.  Thing D degree of difficulty is there it is a good thing it max people rational otherwise just like shoes change, cars change, phones change, similarly all these also start changing launjita which is the definition of relationship. Ho much you are going to be serious about it and that is an edited bank account, it has a wife like yours, your wife will not talk about births which used to be a thing in our India.  If we talk about birth itself, then you have spoiled a lot of things in his life, misbehaved, that is in his bank balance, but you must have done something good, that too is getting added to his bank balance, there is nothing like this in friendship, you are with a friend.  Up to what limit can you spend money on food, drinks, traveling and enjoying, you have to calculate everywhere to do that, if for most of the day he is eating and not helping you, then you will say thank you friend, he has his own personal qualities.  In the relationship, Sahib Haj, you are also the friend of the wife, Haj, you are the Sahib, I am making that of the wife of the slave. Said, Saheb, if the husband is okay, then you have to be friends with you and the time he has, the children are over.  It will be done, as much time as we have, even parents are not getting it. When I tell parents in my videos, don't be too clingy on giving time and do this, then people are facing a lot of trouble. Where did the friend's number come from in that? I don't understand that friendship understands us. Hey friend, efforts are being made to understand you. I also understand that efforts are being made for you, neither to make tea nor to pick up your old friends.  The dirt is spread somewhere, none of your nonsense, it already rules, what is the difference in his life, this fact is happening to those who are stuck with you, neither is it affecting your soul, and make friendship with them, no effort.  No Don't put it, I am from this, still we will find and bring you. Hey, the words of my heart are the words of your heart. If your husband is not listening or your wife is not listening, then maybe it is a good thing because the words of the heart are not heard.  The heart is very fickle, the heart is a child, yes, it is okay, it is a little raw, yes, it is okay, so we can talk about the heart, we can do it with him, but if he says something then he will say it, listen, you are talking useless, then do it with your children, it is necessary.  us no basically Whatever thoughts we have, we don't need all the yes people, it doesn't matter, friend, I am thinking of leaving the job, I will reduce something, friend, you know, you should definitely leave, you get only one life, what is the problem, absolutely no, she left.  He left me, I left him, see how well I am doing, try doing this with Kamal's wife, do it with your father, your crazy butchi, who will give it to the child going to school, who will give it to them, what difference does it make if I meet you and if  you are a good company you  You are a jugaad person, your network is good, you have four resources, you have two paise more in the society, so your friends are very convenient in having a relationship with you, they also know your nonsense in strolling, if you have n't done it already, then tomorrow I will help you with this.  If I ask him for something tangible, he will agree, then he is keeping you as a good human being and the one who is keeping you as a good human being, now let me give you an extreme example and tell that many people are pets. Why do you keep pets? Do you like dogs? It's okay if you keep a tired green person at home, there is a poor dog who comes to lick you, neither your wife nor children come to your gate, so you are doing less.  A person needs understanding emotional support but let's be practical or if you have come less then the wife is in the kitchen or in the bathroom, she is talking to someone on the phone, then the woman does many things like this, my husband is ahead, now I have to hug him, okay. I will also tell you on this that if the husband has come to the house, the wife should behave at home, how much coolness and sweetness it brings in life, that will be another topic some other time, but friend, you have to be pragmatic, she is yours, your house is your house, your house is home.  It is the same because this is the husband, tell me, you are fine, you are the child, you cannot create that thing with anyone else, you can never do it, so the things of the heart, the things of man, all these things, you have to talk in your home only, it is okay, they will not be heard many times, Agree.  not many times  Many times you will listen, it will seem very logical and many times it will seem that he is a fool or if he does not listen to you, then you will think of going somewhere else but ultimately if those people do not listen to you or they are not happy with your decision then Wherever you take it, what if it is not happy? You will eat it by making your friend happy. Friends, if you want to be happy then it is an overrated thing. Remove time and do not look at everything on the scale of friendship. Instead of friendship, peers are there.  Instead of friends, mentals are ok friendship, we will never leave and this friend is your heart, my heart is the same girl, both love the same, both are friends, one gets killed in the end, you will see the whole story like this brother, nothing like this is happening here.  Meaning here: Go towards tangible things in life. Go towards practical things. If you like friends in life. Understand relationships. In emergency, you can know how to live. You can live with all the steroids. Not for two-four-five days. Mere dil se but you.  You can't live like, to live life you need good relationship in your home, parents, wife, befriend them, talk to sister, he is talking nonsense, he doesn't have a filter, doesn't his friend have a filter, everyone needs someone who knows how to speak.  Doesn't he need a filter, sweet talks with me, Swati will make everyone laugh, you have a wife, children, put one more for friendship, put more, my friend, for friendship there are not only all the stupid things, but not all. [Music] Why are you jealous? If a friend has done well, then his money will not come in the bank, but the husband has done well, the brother has done well, the father has done well, the child has done well, if you have that in him then understand and today there is no time brother for that.  Even after this, if you are living a very efficient life, which is less than what only 5% people are living, then perhaps it is okay, but do not disguise this networking as friendship. I have no benefit from you, you have benefit from me.  we friends have less business  Well, there is less business, less business is not called friendship, then there is no place for friendship in today's system, earlier it was called brotherhood in the village because people are dependent on it. If he gets sick then there will be water in my fields.  If you go to give it, your wife will not go, small child will not go, if your parents will not go then your friend will go. You understand that there was a system in place, now the value of the system is decreasing with the times, so I am only of the same, I am zero. Even I am not able to do it, but stop making these 1500 friends, 50 friends, 50 friends, if by the grace of God someone has two or four good ones, then you will understand them, keep them, but understand, even if there is, then no matter how good it is, it is okay. After Family Family Health The day I told about these relationships of most of the plants to the friends in the family, there was this dilemma in you and when this dilemma happened, then how much army can you gather now to bring happiness in the life of friends.  To nahi milga channel morale which I do is happiness you already know dear it is a happiness course which is also on if you want you and roll in it please there are two live class recordings left, you will get the recording of all the seven classes.  There is an app below, you can download it and get happiness. Thank you very much.