Ok welcome you today real estate workshop I fool today, so many people did not understand that is why I am not seeing much participation, I am a member but you did not understand because now I will tell you one reason for it in life. In most of the Indian education system, you people are learning information, you will get information from Google also and you will find thousands of people giving information, information should never be costly, Shakti.  One can never earn a lot of money on information and information is such a thing that is there today and not tomorrow. Wisdom Template, that thing is very difficult to get, I am going to give that here, the idea of ​​the workshop is not that you only have to pay attention, that is very important. Making a consultant out of small number of people: If you are charging money for membership only to get information, but if you want to earn more than that, then you will have to become a consultant. Conflict Manager Anything English Do your work People bill less you and you bill start your consultation My fee is more because of experience and everything You can take 1 tent fee from him You can take 10th part from me You can take 20th part of my fee  My fee is a lot, your fee is two and a half to three years, younger member of Shiv is two and a half years of senior membership, fee is for two years, 45 minutes, so you guys, I  I am teaching you, try to learn it. If you wish, people will come to take you. 24 year old doctor, 23 year old pilot, it is not necessary that you will earn money only at 45 years. If you have to start from there, then it is your money.  Are you no exception you learn something new please type agar sunkar kuch maja e jaaye humen kar kar hoon toh aur I will do that after record hoga ederwise three topic i bill kar kar kaise banaye real estate investment trust apna ghar  Ho, who does not have much money, okay, the second bill is about D, how can property conflicts be predicted inside the house, in the beginning and you tell me that after it happened, a scandal happened, then the Supreme Court, High Court, the lawyers' affairs.  Don't keep cutting, already in your family too, you people should know the Dal Dog and this template and this knowledge will remain the tree only. Okay, so I am telling the basis of consultation that I can predict and that.  You guys will also agree with me, after that it will be fun. Okay, thirdly, I will tell you that today when the gentry evil inside the big lions will be shot tomorrow in terms of appreciation, this project, whatever is yours, will be appreciated 3 times and the second one there. Next to this, there is power on dead multiplication. In the experience of time, I will do what I told you earlier. Off D report. Okay, so let's start first of all. Today, it is being seen that the children who are  The salaries in the jobs are such that they alone are not able to buy a house in the big lions, for most of them I am talking about people having children, they have just gone when they get married and further group it is between 25 to 30 do you Agree with this and note that Type A's are not bought mostly by all of you and now it is not like that IITM candidates have a package of 70 lakhs, normally I am also a good person in the package. I am not talking about a package of 5-6 lakhs per year, but take a package of 10 to 20 lakhs also, I am not being taken alone. Good parents have gone in and given on a house, momentum, small town, big city and brother-in-law playing FB.  Have Just Retired All the children are in the age group of 25 to 30 years or their parents are in the age group of 22 to 30 years. Bill is normally 52 and you are 60 years old.  Do it for 30 years [ __ ], you can be here as a mother but you will be a housewife, you will talk more about your father because money is your work, so you are doing less to dispose of it, you are investing a little in mutual fund, a little in HD and have built a little house, you also have money.  And they also don't have enough money to buy a house. They can give two Shivlings. Both of them are 28 year old Shivlings. Both are doing something but ca n't do anything alone. Normal, what happens inside them that sir?  Many small investors invest their money and a fund becomes worth 10 15 20 thousand crores and they want to buy assets in it, they put them on the car and they call it Waterlily, okay then let the date be like this.  Wanted, it's okay for 1 second, it's okay for you to hall, the date is about it, it's okay, your entry and exit are easy in it, but in that you are 1 lakh 2 lakh 3 lakh 5  Even if he invests up to lakhs of rupees, the story will not reach, it is not that the value of his assets is doubling overnight, it is not that the rent is increasing too much, yes he is good to play but you do not do such a tone.  In which you can live yourself, but here what happens is science, you being a youngster, if you are looking at me, you are becoming young, not in a transaction like this, this fan is earning money like this, okay, your brother is Shivling, he is also in such a transaction. Your parents are in such a situation, you are not going like this, but it is okay in such a situation, so here you three people together, take the house by mixing it with your in-laws, take it from your parents, take it with your brother-in-law, with your brother, whatever you want.  And that link is only in the name of the wives of those who actually own it. It is not like that if you are buying it together with your parents, then it is in the name of your mother only and that is, your wife's wife will not let you buy it.  It will be in everyone's name as per the ratio, you bribe the agent and then eat the rent and see to it that if one person is staying then give the market rate to the others, that is the power of kitty party.  It's like a kitty party, what do the ladies do in this? Like earlier it used to be a thousand rupees, many years ago, then it was also 2010 thousand rupees, everyone gives so many pulses like this, they alone never had the time to buy any big thing, but if they spend 10 minutes, then  First it will be opened, then it will be opened, then it will be opened like this, or it used to be done like this, or many times, the system of chit fund etc. has also been run like this, in that I will go but taking it, you can buy a tractor, today you cannot buy a whole house here.  But you can take half, here you can take the whole, by the time you take the whole, a lot of the value of this one will be destroyed, you will have to spend a little more, brother, you have made a company of three people, you have 33% shares in the three companies.  But you buy it, then if you want to sell your share, you can send it to someone else because in this you cannot get things at half price again and again, so now in this one you can do some commercial, if any story is good or there is some storage space.  You can take all such properties like warehouse here also in the name of the company in which you are going to it, then this is one thing that will have to be done, then when you do the company in this way, then you will give the lion's holding to some uncle.  You can give five to anyone, anyone can.  Then there is this thing in it which all of you first thing is money, understand this basic thing please type that partnership firm, I am opening private limited instead of LLP because there is no limit in it, not private limited because if you keep putting it like this.  If you stay, then you will not quarrel friend, it is okay if someone has only one son [music] If the parents are poor then brother, then this application is for you, then he will have to apply in the name of his wife, then father in his wife's name.  Is not ready to give you in the name, then it is not like that, okay, then the problem of government servant is life, when you become a government servant, then it seems that you have got something very permanent, but you have got a lot in life. Anything goes, it's fine because there are rules and regulations, so for a government servant, you will have to use your brain a little, you will have to put your wife as a director etc. Try it sir, you can't play because you ca n't even turn on.  The company will give you a government servant, okay, we cannot make you a director number, okay, you can, you can be a lion older in other public listed companies but in private limited, you do not have the power, okay, I understood the basic thing, so this is how you have to live your life.  With this you can buy multiple properties. If you have a property worth Rs 1 crore then the money will go into it in 3 years. It is ok. 22 Gaur wife is also in the government so your entire shop gets built. It is ok that this happens automatically.  Husband wife government, you will live a video live, you will never become very rich in life, but sometimes you will become a full moon, your life will go well, but nothing, you are a fool, excited and proud of if you are a government servant and wife, nothing, because of so many possibilities, creation in India. That from now three trillion will go to seven trillion, in the next 15-20 years they will give it to you only on 1st July. Increment will be given twice, your EMI will increase. It is okay and it is linked to inflation. According to me, the inflation figures are doubtful. Okay, that inflation is the actual one, it does not matter much that you have to go to a foreign country, you like the story and travel.  You are wearing good clothes, he is not, he only gets bread, clothes, pulses and rice, this will be my left and right, I am not a government person, but I want to tell you according to the rules, you understand.  This is possible in the government, then you cannot make your own in the company, then you can play directly without forming a company, your wife deposited the money, 33% became in her name, 33% became in the name of mother, 33% became in the name of mother, it became sister-in-law.  Na del 33 in the name of all three women, now what is the problem, who will manage it on Kara, will do this then it should be yours if Kara but if you  If you manage, then tell me, will I take 5% rent extra or 10% because I am okay with my head, so he or your brother is doing it, so he or your parents are doing it, parents can also put 20%, which is an empty nest egg of Rs 20 lakh.  Parents were saying that 5-6% bass is available in it and next year if FB is to be 21 lakh then you cannot do ₹ 1 batch and if you take ₹ 10000 bass in a month then that is HD.  What is this in real estate till next year also 20, if he invests 20 lakh rupees, he gets 20% share, then those 20 lakhs will become one crore one day, as long as he is alive, he will become the one who cannot take it with him. But the assets that they will leave behind will be their share of Rs 1 crore and the subject of clipping will be that the property of Rs 20 lakh has become worth Rs 1 crore, now Rs 50 lakh each has gone to both the brothers or siblings or both the brothers and sisters plus them.  I ate its rent throughout my life, the rent can be initially start from 350% 4% rent which is less than 3.5 if you look at affordable housing Gurgaon then it is six power and I start from the lowest one even if 3 1/2 4%  If you are getting rental then the warranty in it will be 8% in 7 to 8 years, 16% in 16 years and 32% in 24 years. Who will go to mother, take an image flat in Janakpuri in 1988 for Rs. 2 lakhs, it was for Rs. 2.5 lakhs, the annual rent comes to Rs. Patte because de moment dear 5560 de fool devar going tu time 60 air old of today keeping medical 95 ka nahi bolah kya hai brothers sisters 55 yrs old is your mother or  Are you yourself? Are you erotically good? 95 is a chance to live, so please take 85. You are 95, you are a chance to live for 30 to 40 years. Now they will be dependent on 30 to 40 fati, then they will get poor food, they will become poor in 70, money from you.  Asking will be done and the problem today is not to hurry but to be late, you have you on the plane, your who is off your listing relative.  Off further, whatever you are listening to on the recording, you have a long life on the plane, what will short life do, what to plan for it, the problem is that if you live for 90 years then what will happen in 80 to 90 years, if you need care and someone else will help you.  Look at the attendance zero, put that in it, put the rent in it, put it in the mutual fund, put it in the mutual fund, home loan benefits, put it in, it's a very small thing, don't talk about home. Everyone gets a loan of ₹ 60. Everyone knows that the loan is also going at 9%. If your father and mother have 20 lakh crores, then where will they get the loan, why will they take it? They earn 6% on HD, they will not take the loan at 9%. They are taking 20% ​​tax on their pay which is less than six takes of their HD but digital payment is being done in HD so that tax can be done by detecting the source, I get it the day after tomorrow.  There are ways, you can understand and the second thing is that even if the official rent is ₹ 100 then government tax will be levied and if your rent is ₹ 100 then 70% then this is very boring and should be discussed among ourselves. Restructuring the assets. These things should happen in family meetings, when you talk separately, whether you talk on Zoom or take WhatsApp video or sit together or get together on Diwali, Holi or  When you visit or talk, apart from talking about how are you, how is your children's education going and is everything fine and did you get good food, it's always with these family top 10 tweets family like a company where somebody is BP Sambdi Ko Sambdi Something Your Father Is Like De Bus And Mother Vativer And De Cup Discussing Ho You Can Gra Aage N Family And Tel De Parents Ki Bhaiya Their Parents Ka  What happens today, friend, it is ours, you do it, friend, we are just not going to live anymore, tell them, if they are not going to live, then what is the problem, tell them, son, we will leave the snake, this is something bad, it is ours.  You come back and we will see later. Now he has explained everything in the second topic. Okay, till now you guys will understand the thing, then please type you and Shaili Aayi Ko Tu D Second Topic No Shaili Aay Ko Tu D Second Topic No Understood.  Keep it in mind that not all houses have power, this is also a fact, how many houses have power, I will tell you, this is also a part of the consultation, if you take 100 houses like the proposed 384 people are also listening to me right no, then late.  There are 400 people who are listening to me live right now. Out of these 400, this cannot happen in 200 houses. There is distress in 200 houses, there is hatred, there is mistress and daughter-in-law.  There are issues, there are some issues within the brothers, parents keep them in pots of carrots, they do favoritism, parents play games, power dynamic in the family, politics, everything will come in my second topic, then out of 400, if you ever see, 50% is not there.  I am telling you how the remaining 25% is. Now I want the answer. The one which I mentioned in the first category is the one among you who can put it in the above category.  Let's identify the type so that I can also know a little, there are only three categories, A B C, which is A's friend, Sir Guruji, it is not possible in our family, I ticked my idea, I will give concentration to some other family, but note, it is possible in our place, this is  Are you telling me that you are fighting while saving money, it means here the food corner is worth Rs 10000 ₹ 5000 ₹ 20000, ours is fine, so many people are doing type A please.  Do it, Jin Jo, what does identity do? Am I going to tell B? Is this what happened? It's okay, which can't happen, many people have done this. B. What is it, there is no fight, there is no quarrel, but but there is no much love, love in de sense. One man is a government servant, one is in a private sector, his father is retired, so we talk to each other, we meet sometimes, we are cordial, we are friendly but we are not in a position to make money, one does not have the nature. Took a flat in Bengaluru because his wife works, he will not be left alone, parents are living in Uttarakhand and another brother's in-laws house is there, in Delhi is in Noida or in the locality, if he has taken it there, then now there are three different-  All three of them are in different places, their future interests are different, they do n't see each other's thoughts, they can't move forward, there is no one to guide them, how many are there like B's, according to me, there were 50 people with troubles, these ones are 25, but ho.  Maybe my family which should be absolutely correct is the one which follows this thing, there will be a clever brother or there will be father's template or Rakhi will give 19 success because the B's will be the ones who are the property and I am the fans.  They will not have any property or workout. What will happen to any of them? A brother will say that buying a flat is a very bad thing. Father will say that you should buy a plant and not a pill. There should be a mutual fund. Those who are B, their financial ideology is also very bad. That story will be different, that too will not adjust itself, one will believe in playing FB HD, one will believe in playing stock market and the story will not reach, he is playing 5-10-30 lakhs, till date I have heard from some guy in the middle class.  Have n't seen a portfolio worth crores, the same thing happens with mutual fund of stop, it gets cut, it gets destroyed, it is only on action that all this has been shown on financial YouTube that if hair is not cut, it will grow, but we cut it, right? Everyone's hair must be like that of a Sadhu, Yogi's hair is so big, right, no one else has it, do you know that even women's hair is not cut, so theirs are very big, but they too do not get hair trimming.  They do n't even raise the trees, they don't even raise them above one level, the height is also not above one level, so many things are just the same, but that is ideology, this is B, C is one, 25% of the people in C are whatever they want to do, but could do  There is only five to 10 years of desire, this note is a guarantee that you will be able to do that thing because you have the desire, you have the desire but there is no hard work, what is the hard work, all three will have to do, father has to go, see the deal, see the plot, see the flat, see the money.  I am thinking that if Bhiwani's father gives 25% of the flat in Gurgaon, then it seems very strong, the desire to give money is fruitful in this category, I cannot buy the plot because Rs. 300 is Rs. 400.  The black element is so much that it is not there in the family, the boys have writing, the daughters-in-law have writing, they have to pay their taxes slowly in a year, easily in three years and they cannot buy and they are father's.  I will give 50 lakhs, if he buys the plot then he cannot buy the plot because 50 lakhs will not be there, to buy the plot which is at least 2 crores cash or dead crores and then he will not get that much loan and then he will not get that much loan. take a plot on  If you buy, you cannot build a house, which can be sold after making different floors, then if there are different results, then I don't know if there are such results, then only 10% of the families are there, I told you this formula, they will follow it, but you are such a consultant because it would be said that you are connected.  I want most people to connect with this feeling, this is less information than mine, this is less knowledge than me, it is not less than me, this cannot be in my family, if it cannot be in your family then I can be in someone's.  So if you can give concentration, you can earn money from it. Never ever, when any high level content is being given, knowledge is being given, do not look at it that it is not me, it is something like I am teaching you cooking, you are cooking.  If I am teaching you, if you do n't like Chana Bhature then learn to make it because many people like this thing. Are you able to understand what I am saying? If you are able to understand then this is  If you are able to understand please type it, which of you can type is ok, you don't like Chain Bhature, this is the first topic I had on Chain Bhature, 10% of you like it, 90% of you don't like it, India is free, isn't it?  Here you are only connected, so you learn the answer dog, then you got the topic that I am going to tell you today, listen carefully to one thing, this is not a part of the topic, it will be a separate topic of mine someday. But I am going to tell you one thing which you are enjoying, so tell me by doing the best, okay by doing the best, you tell me it is the best, those people are now going to give a lot of money to the next generation, the next generation which is you millionaires who were born in the 80s. So I will not be confused on this and I am saying that you who are children, young, below 35, you bill get a lot of well, you know what you do with it also, that is not my part of this but in a lot.  People are afraid outside, when you will learn all these things, then you will have to give them consultation and what to do. Respectively, in the smallest city of yours, be it in Uttarakhand or Chamoli or someone's name, you can do concentration there also for 5 to 7 months.  100 consultations of the year, you have a good seating capacity, you have to tell only wise things and you have to tell them in real time, if you have a small town then there is a plot, if you have a big city, then there is a lot.  If it is a big city then it is a flat and all these things have to be imparted to you. Okay, so everyone is having fun. Now I have got the second one, you can write to the admin. All of you, I have got this phone which you can write.  You admin, whatever I ask, I will say whatever you can write, okay, now I want to tell you that there are ways to motivate the troubles that happen within the family and that trouble is known in the beginning itself, okay, no admin option.  Admin  Let me tell you about the property dispute, listen carefully. First of all, there is a prediction for a property dispute. First of all, what is retirement, what should happen. There is a retirement in the family for a property dispute, should it not happen?  So there will be no quarrel, what is that please type quickly, everyone is intelligent, I was thinking that they will not be able to tell even this but everyone told it right, first of all yes but before that there should be property, if there is no property.  So where will the quarrel come from, after that Shivling is needed, it is okay but it is not that there is no Shivling and even if there is only one child, there is a quarrel, because they are sitting on the parents' property, the child says, please intervene and do something, he wants to buy it here.  It is not like that there is a problem of property in their list too, so the first problem of property is that in an Indian family, the property is definitely the biggest. If the property is good then the whole middle class is sitting on another definition of middle class.  There may be property, but many people have property and there are a lot of problems regarding property. Well, many times the problems are such that these people do not want to go to court because if they go to court, then the marriage of their children is not going to happen, then how can it be extended.  Will go and then she will get infamous. There are many rifts in the family because these predictions can be made first. First I tell you the predictions and with every prediction I am telling you in the necessity of every prediction. If you  Let's identify that friend, this happened to me or I saw this happening to him or this happened to my porter or I am aware that this happened, then you will have to type the ID, why am I getting this done so that I have this confidence like this?  Consultant is also a very good consultant in tea, this thing of being a very good consultant is not in the air, they are like this, you will understand immediately, you will write ID or Agriculture and it was fun that friend, this is absolutely right, first of all  What is the thing when there are two Shivlings in the property, if one is doing well in shipping relatively life and one is not doing well then Kanishka B of the property has been given a lot by the parents only it has to be done equally if both are doing together within plus minuses.  10 20% off if it is other then it will not be there, but if one group pay officer has joined the government and the other is employed as a peon or does not do the job or is employed only as a master or is at a lower level.  If it is not at that level, then it will be in the off you agree with this type yes and there are two Shivlingas of Agri and ID, if there is a difference of variety in them, then there will be trouble. Agri, so it is visible, now it cannot do anything which  It is good that the one who is good should know that his reaper is going to cut off his region. There is another one that the child who does not do well is relieved with the parents. The one who does well leaves the city and the younger one leaves the city.  He goes away  Had he done well, he would have taken a flat in Noida, Gurgaon, Bengaluru, Hyderabad. Now he will not live in a small town, he will not live in a bog, he will not live in your Kaithal, he will not live in Jind, that is my ancestral home there. I will take possession of it, I also have two rooms, I have left everything of mine, not that one and the one who is Nikhattu Lal, they live there, the parents do not do anything, they make them do fun, but sometimes their Paytm.  It will reduce the phone cost, it will reduce the electricity bill, he will get married, his wife also knows that my husband is useless, if I serve these in-laws, she has never come, whether small, big or small, someone outside.  If there is respect then I have access and if S comes to know that this is what I want to do, then gradually the couple, who is a parent-child couple, comes to the couple, then he becomes the B-boy of the property. went and he  The parents who are there in their brain because the children now know that something is wrong but how will they convince their mother, is it the younger one's luck that is bad or we did not pay that much attention to him or the elder one?  Whoever, big or small, with whom this is happening, his luck is good, this is good, this is good, this is good, that is good, what is good, so this is good, the ghosts are enjoying it.  If you are seeing a pattern, tell him first.  This is going to happen to you because they will say Patrak Patrak, which is Patrak, now you tell me, to enjoy bathing under the water of the tube well of the village, you will have to lie down under the Peepal tree in the village, or you can take it in flat number 700 in Gurgaon. Can't enjoy now, it belongs to the younger brother, today you take the fun, today you take me, where am I occupying me, it belongs to the parents too, take it, today you do n't say, give it to me and give it to me.  If you want to enjoy India which is on the China border, then you will have to go and sit there. Otherwise, the Chinese people will sit in front. You cannot say this, you cannot say this, you have to remember that according to Lau, there are other vice occupations in between the countries. 99% off, the one who captured the lesson of the country, the one who sat where he is, now your village's Geetwaade ho, in the off you understand this term, Haryana wala type, what are the Yeswaades, do you know IPS Saini, badi koi toh  It will be okay, now the dirty place of D village with the village song, where only dirt and such useless things remain in the first over, to capture it, you will have to live in the village itself, you can sell a little of Ragni in the city, pay my share.  It is not going to happen, you will have to fight whatever happens, there is caste, property, those who have not been seen, do that, the share of the beautiful one will be given to her or to someone else, the pattern will change, it is a relief, but the beautiful one is the cute one, who knows?  cute or not  Very beautiful girls, it would have happened in the South too, if you give a share to your sister, even then the sister's marriage had to take place and even then the parents' step had to be taken care of and if the property is worth Rs. 100 crores, the same thing is applicable even if you are 50.  Is it applicable, does he have to marry his sister, is his logic clear, you see, you are my subscriber, even though you are calling me Guruji, but your thinking should be such that the power is that brother, that sister has come every year.  Chhath is caste, sometimes you give it to your mother, sometimes you give it to her as a fruit, sometimes it is given to her or it used to be like this in earlier times because the land belonged to the village and the land of the village was according to the Gotra according to the booth. According to you, if you could not plant it again and again, then whatever produce was produced, the land had no value, the land had the value of buffalo milk and crops, out of which a share was given to the daughters.  Used to go, used to come, take off his gi, give him grains, then give him some clothes, so there was some system relief, ok boy, which one will be yours, is it a flat worth 50 crores, am I off, you have your comment, ok. Brother, there is a flat worth 50 crores in Magnolia. Which envelope worth 25 crores do you distribute to the dog society or to the daughter or give fruit to the dog or give fruit to the dog then keep it friend, let it be, do n't do anything if this property has come.  If it is not there then it is 100% because look relationships say relationships will be broken, look relationships can be broken for 5-10 crores, inflation is going on a lot but when 5-10-20 comes to me then they will say why brother yours.  Take care of your parents, what should you do in the meanwhile, tax the property worth Rs. 10 crores, put Rs. 2 crores on their FB, there will be queues to take care of them, I will take care of the people, if I spend on the parents, then am I spending that much?  Whatever property you are getting, put some fair valuation in it. Now brother says, I have spent more than Shanti, did n't he take 50 lakhs for CAT? He had bought it for 30 lakhs at the time, so today 's 80 lakhs is equal to 80 lakhs. Mother, I will take care of you while taking CAT, take care of me, don't take 40 lakh CAT, let him take 20 lakh more CAT, at least give some dead crores, at least calculate what is happening and what can happen.  There was no need to serve the parents, the parents went on eating and drinking while walking, then if your lottery opened then this is the biggest reason for fighting between sisters and brothers, it is almost 100%, it also happens between sisters.  But it is relatively less because it is seen that the property in the sisters is not physical, it means physical transfer is not happening, some shop is orange, there is Musammi, there is pomegranate, tell me, tell me pineapple.  Apple or Pomegranate and which one is the most expensive in the season? How will you divide it? There is no way to divide it. Cut it and make its juice. Cut the juice in half. Okay, valuation is not known. Okay, and today you are in the clouds.  There will be a change in the story, he went away from Kharkhoda, that fort was lying there, I don't know how much it was worth, you took something in its place, then you are fighting, are you okay, the company will come there, ji Maruti, all this.  Whatever is there, we will send it in half, we will send it one by one, half divided by you, divide by property, this is how one saree bikini is done at once, one left, divided by you, the second one is also good, divided by you, the third middle is divided, here the problem is very simple.  This is when she keeps me, then you take this much, you give it to me, in the story stage it was like this that he says, elder brother to younger or elder sister to younger sister, the elder says something, you do this but it is 40 lakhs.  But you give it to me, now he doesn't have even Rs 4 lakh to give or to give the password, now that will be equal because sometimes you can't divide the whole, this property is yours and this property is the valuation gap between the two, if a man  If you keep one, then we will give 50% of the valuation cap to it so that it becomes equal. Tell us about the amount of 500 grams that you have to add. If you don't have it then do it. If you do n't want to keep it with you, sometimes parents write theirs separately. To increase that is the biggest foolishness. Parents should never think that you are the king of the kingdom, this property of yours will last for millions of years and you are the inheritance, you tell me son, half of all this is yours, take the middle, keep it, they do not give you this concentration.  You will have to tell because what do parents do to their mother? They think that the flat in Dehradun is yours and the one on Dwarka Expressway is yours. Oh brother, Dehradun is a different place, the one in Dwarka is a big flat, that flat is also three times bigger.  It is not equal here, now they break potatoes like onions, hey brother, the rate of potato and onion is different, that of onion is different and that of tomato is different and at any time anything can happen, today's rate of tomato is 6.  This is not the same as last month, something has happened, now if someone shares tomatoes with someone, then the other brother or sister will cry, then it will be ₹ 200, brother, what did you share with mom and dad, it will not be divided again, son, did you understand this thing?  to the people  I understand that it is okay for you people, see, the problems are due to the previous generation, the problem is due to the whole family, due to the upbringing, the parents are greedy, the parents lie to all the parents that our children are equal because it suits us and suits you. White children are not equal because parents are not equal. Let me explain to you the parents, those of you who have become parents who are listening to me, I have to type all the parents who are and those who are not.  They must be their parents, I will tell you that two brothers and the elder brother got married, then mother paid 10 tolls, you said gold, ok, now the goal was ₹ 50000, time got separated, time got separated, some bike got spent, mood became good.  Or in the society, where one has to sit in Vidya where there is talk of marriage, one has to show the show, one has to not tell what is being seen, it used to be a radiation that if there is some fight tomorrow, then you know.  Who gave it to whom, nowadays there is also video recording, that means it is a tradition in India, it is okay, so we were giving only the first 10, that is a different thing, that after seeing that, they can do it again.  They will go to lock, that is a different story and I will tell you by the way, it is different in the matter of gram, you are never from period if you are a parent, you are kids' first child game, you are a 27 years of coming forward  Position in Life D Different Position Status for Second Child Excitement was less or Joshi had it but you realize it's not about the period, friend, this is the younger one, so you try to equate it with material things, try to equate the first one with Lord.  Do it and never be equal because when in childhood it seems that the first one is as big as Chotu, the first one gets to listen, the second one does not get to listen to me, I am of you, Idli type id is less of love, then yours.  The definition is very complicated. Do you know that there is discrimination between boys and girls? There is discrimination between boys and girls. When children grow up, just as you too have grown up, all your parents will be yours, so much so that the child agrees and agrees.  It seems that every child does less as soon as he is told, what will happen if it does n't feel good, then who has the greed in it? You are liking a servant if he comes in more control and says hello and has some small thick tea and yellow tea and in front of your relatives.  a little drama  Do it to be good, you also know that it is a drama, no problem, she keeps ours in front of the relatives, she does n't even keep it there, that means you will still eat, friend, this is okay, so how can we be equal?  So it is equal that one is useless and one is good in the society, the one whom you like as useless, the society calls him good and the one you like as good, the society calls him useless, but the definition of parents is complicated in itself, parents. How many people identify with the Equating Syndrome? There used to be a feeling within the parents. Now you have become different but we will go by equating them. How many people are affected by the Equating Syndrome. Periods should be reduced wherever and whenever in this matter.  It will be different, now let me tell you more, there is a brother, he has a daughter and he has only one daughter, the other brother has two sons who will go ahead, no, this is our family, I am of you have not seen it is good and it is correct but this  d it  Society, in big houses, in big business families, in off you are identified, Sampla from Rohtak, there is a village near Sapla, there is a rich family from there, the staff is very good, tell me yourself what to do in that, it is ok for consultation. Came to me.  I am a good pearl, I am paying a fee worth crores, your property is worth a few thousands, the dog pays the fee, otherwise, how could anyone be there, they have a rich family, they have a son and a daughter, the son also gets married and then the daughter also gets married, Rakhi.  The son's daughter-in-law is from Gurgaon, she is like English speaking and she does a good job with style. She is from a good family. The daughter's daughter-in-law is from a very rich family. Her family is as big as this one's. She may be 19 to 20.  There is another girl in the family, this girl has given birth to only one child, the girl, sorry, and the daughter has one boy, one girl, okay, now come to this family, the mother in it was from that old woman who is the mother of this boy and girl.  Our  I was telling my husband that I will give it to my daughter also, it is okay, Haryanvi is almost given to her, the dialogue is in disco language, it is okay, so what the mother said, I will give it to you, my daughter also because finally if it is to you, you are a daughter only after me.  If it is okay then now this is a matter of female feminism and what do you call female empowerment which normally should have happened like that.  But what is the logic, if I was thinking that if I was old, that is, if she, who was very old, had said, I will have another child and he would have become a dog, then the story changes, I tell you how many have been six, now the Supreme Court says Supreme. Court, Supreme Court, you keep saying that the whole family is a family, if there is a problem in the marriage of children in front of you then it is a great cost to make a law, it is a different thing to make a law, but to take it from the law, then you have become a mess in the society, caste is this female weight. Against etc girls are like this, I only want my brother's love, you are in my in-laws, then women have such a big condition, I am off you are listening, you are me, female please type  Listing IF N FEMALE IS LISTENING TO ME YOU CAN TYPE F IF FEMALE IS FEMALE, THAT GIRL IS YOUNG, INTELLIGENT, IS MIDDLE IN AHEAD, IT DOESN'T MATTER ANY WOMAN IS TEACHING ME, IS LISTENING AND WHO IS WIFE IS THE MOST  Your condition is great, father, your husband's name is spoken in many homes, this is Neha's marriage, she is in such a good house, she will get so much, doesn't she get anything, her in- laws will live for 90 years, Neha will live for 65 years and her  Neha's own teeth and man will remain and father could have given something here. What happens many times is that you get married to a boy who is your younger brother or is born late or is an old age child or is a young child or you  If you have an old age child then sometimes there is a lot of difference between the two as well as the father-in-law and then someone's parents settle down early and someone settles down late, that is also a difference brother, some person can go in 70 years and some in 90.  If you can go, then it is a very normal thing and it may be that the child of the 90's was born very early and if the child of the 70's was born late, then there is a practical difference in that child of 30 35 years.  If you go then what you could have got from here was not there, where was it there, you will not get it there, either your entire life has not gone. Hey brother, what does it concern you, whether Neha's in-laws are good or poor, her husband has been working, this is yours.  She is a daughter, she has the right, you give it to her, friend, parents should be given full functional control during their lifetime. Brother, at the next stage, this rent will be on this rented property. I am telling you the solution for this. Whatever property you want is in the name of your child.  whatever you want  Give him 10% share in it and say that you will manage the rent and put it in my account, so you keep this much for both of them and gradually as their age increases, their share would be a little bigger, one day sir, we have to go to Chhath. Do a little bit on the name, transfer is very easy, otherwise it was mine, you were this, it was not Singh, I was Neha's you, in the beginning, you sacrifice your life, then that cry, it was not understood, after doing this, I saw.  There is a spread of human life in families. Now this is not my topic, but I am giving you in Hindi what all you will learn in the membership, this is bill writing, transfer of property, persuasion, happiness, that property is not the middle, but power.  Neha, if it is her share of 10%, nothing is yours, you are not taking much, you are paying ₹ 100 rent, she has kept ₹ 15 and pays the same to the tenant tomorrow, the tenant matches the roses, calculates the electricity and calculates the water. sends a plumber  She sends an electrician, she is doing all the work, so we keep her, friend, she has brought 15-20 brokers, they make a lease agreement, they turn off everything, she is keeping it honestly in your account, so you take half of the parents' property in old age.  I don't want to take it. Hey, your daughter, your son, your mind, your daughter-in-law, your grandson, your granddaughter, your parrot are singing that friend, don't speak like this, my parents are sitting with me, I am 65 years old.  Who am I, I am getting very dirty, we are not like this, don't talk like this, those who are being raised, the parents of the parents are not God, the parents are the operating ones, if they had not forgotten, then how are the Gods, okay, then this is the biggest game, parents.  What is going wrong, they are thinking that they will get 6570 and hit 9095, the problem is that they are not understanding, they try to hit sixes, they will be caught out on the boundary wall, their sixes will be hit. Now they are not able to understand, then they are not getting out, they are not getting out, they are not getting out, now they are not getting out, then you will have to do something, you will have to drink water and lemonade, you will have to save yourself from dehydration, you will have to prepare for a long time.  You will learn to buy shoes in a good manner, meaning you have to play, give flowers, you have to mentally, you go and think, I just want to play all four times, so it is not 20-20 here, I don't know how many overs I have to play, because like you  We want to play 20-20 like we don't play one-day matches, like we don't play ODI test matches. Now India is making West Indies. Even under Virat Kohli, Sourav hits. 100 is scored in 20-20 too. 100 is scored in test matches too. See how.  It's okay, so you have to understand that any question is coming to someone's mother right now, I am 30 seconds late, okay, I am 30 seconds late, you You can ask questions. You people can write questions. You have told the parents after selling their property. What change will the money bring in their life? What positive change will come? If you want to grab the money yourself by betting your parents' property or in your own property.  You want to take it and they say, son, let it be, what will they and the parents say? We have respect, will we be insulted or don't we do like this? There used to be an ad on OLX and they said that. Grandfather had been saying, this car is a bike, don't send it son, it has memories of your grandmother and then I have to say, this is a bike worth lakhs of rupees, as soon as it is a matter of the amount and what is the benefit of the amount, it is telling you to the parents that this property is worth so much.  That will be sold, we will buy this one, this much of my money will be in it, this much will be in my mother's name, this much will be yours, you will get this much rent and you will get this benefit, only then will they do advice, they will not do all this, they will never be children, always parents.  They want to convert for their own benefit and the parents say that we all are you, your mother is you, they know everything, he is a lazy son, she is a listed daughter, he wants to eat something of ours, when will they realize this, no, this presentation.  You have to give, okay, let's give some short time in India because this is the D proposal, then he will have his expenses, his expenses are his expenses, he can't give you but if he doesn't give you money, then you can't give, talking so small means you take this.  ki brother  Everything you own, whatever your Shivlinga is, should be on the boat. Listen to me carefully. Two brothers and sisters have two brothers under two pretexts. There is a lot of love between them and the parents who are there do not say hello to me. I took all the property with the younger one.  There is a lot of love between the caste and the two brothers, the younger brother says, brother, this, etc., take this for me, give me Puri, etc., I love you, I am with the brother, with the sister, if you have a sister, tell her, 'Sister, you will get only mercury'.  get angry  There is nothing like this in Astrology. You are getting a meeting, it will not seem like anything to you, it is okay, see what you all have done, in the question, they have this, you have this, take me consultation, good fees, Master Ji, Guru Ji, don't ask anything about what you have taught. Ask questions on what has been explained in the class. This is your question. If you solve my question then I have given you the money to solve the questions. Oh no, this is the money for the class, this is fine.  The money for classes and the money for coming to school is fine, it will seem different and it is very pearl fish and we who are in the family, we are not very bad, we suppress our conscience for anything by telling stories to it, at least external and tales.  Listen to D People, your effort will not be cleared by this, you will die but you have done wrong and you will have to be born again, you will not get salvation because you have spread everything, father or mother, many things are for their children which  The parents themselves see that this woman has gone to court and does not fix it while she is alive. One was the elder and the two brothers were pampering her. They were very top of India. Now they are number two and sometimes they are number one. That business family of Mumbai is small.  Brother has now become a banker, he was very pampering as if he had said, 'I am a dumb girl, maybe I give three excuses and one, both the brothers agreed, mother said, I will give it to my sister, I will give it to the neighbor, I will give it to uncle's son. trust  I will give it to the cowshed, like what happens to your family after somebody goes and how many troubles are there, okay, you get equals in parents' property, father's self-effort property can be made, it is his wish, give it to his wife, give it to the child, give it to the neighbor Give it to the orphanage. What can you do, you can't do anything, you can't do anything, you can sycophant to them, you can serve them, that's the bill, kal de short, your someone's.  You have no right, you have to do like this and if the parent attacks you, then you can do it on your own road. Okay, can the father in law transfer the property? It is okay, this also happens, okay, then it becomes known through relationships.  Got to know now the last thing I bill do otherwise it will be long you guys are having fun ok ok come next think now what I bill do I bill take n break I bill take n break they can stop de record