Hello friends, I would like to announce the launch of my real estate course from first January 02, this is for my platinum members, platinum membership will have to be taken, it will have 727 videos, this video will be 153 5 minutes about seven minutes and a series, it will have those topics  Whatever you have never heard from me, there will be very unique topics and 10 to 12 videos will be released every month.  Can se every alternate day video will be released, you will have the skill of opening your own separate notebook, it is going to be very good, after doing this course, you will become India's number two clarity giver and real state, the first advantage, I will reserve for myself and in this, 223  Bonus Videos I have kept the slots witch will speak all the oil, if I write the questions below they will be interactive then I will make more quality videos then 727 unique topics  Interesting topics all related to real estate in which you can know how to select real estate, how to value it, how to buy, how to sell, how to maintain paper, everything from time to income tax to all the related rules of IIT will be there in it.  Including Home Loans, whoever watches this series of mine and will take this course, you try, it is not a certification thing but you can also get a hundred percent job in a real estate firm so high.  It's a matter of level because many of the people who are employed in real estate also interact with them. This lineage is not level. People have not gone beyond major structural airport. Sub-discount, communal, very limited approach. There are many people, if you work in real estate.  If so then definitely a course for you. If you want to buy real estate then definitely this course is for you. You are the most intelligent and interesting man in your circle.  Want to become this course is for you but membership will give the vamps there are 6 more things here I am covering only one thing that is real estate course this part of the platinum membership what are the things in platinum membership what interesting things  For that you will press the job join button and an intro video will come that picture of things which will get you a platinum member is good but I am not discussing it. Go and watch what I have discussed in this video. Today I was going to tell the rest of the audience that you can take my real estate course. Whatever interest you may have after taking the real estate course, I will share it in the classroom model every month.  For those who have taken this platinum membership, I will also make a classroom type section to know what doubts you have in those videos and how to approach them. It will be very interesting. It is a new year, this is a new course, so you must definitely watch it.  Will do and where about in 5 to 6 minutes after that so that in the new member ship if you are very timid then the journey depending on your experience can always continue in which can be associated more closely so wishing a very happy new year to all  The Subscribers From Her Side And Near May All Of You Have Very Nice And Prosperous And Happy 2022 thank you very much