Hello friends, today a cat will question the system and will try to crush it. If successful, please tell me. This is the system that has been taught, it is too much. We should be satisfied. There is happiness in contentment or life or happiness or whatever. End  Some verses etc. are recited with a lot of pressure. Firstly, the supermarket of spirituality is very hot. Okay, come to the common people and speak Sanskrit. No one understands. Interpretation is half of it, it is complete, how much is that.  Who knows right? After listening to this you will feel that big people like it, so if this is the belief system of your people, then today it is probably going to break if you see it completely, those who enjoyed breaking it should write down, it was fun, I am gone.  Those who are sad, if they want to write something, then they can write, okay, that too is one thing, people like to write whatever they want to write well, but I will tell in this whether in truth, in totality, or in totality. Has anyone done this thing?  No  I will tell you where to be satisfied, I will tell you where not to be, and sitting satisfied is such a useless thing, I will tell you why it is such that we have to be satisfied in everything, then there is no one in the world.  Everything that has happened, from the invention of will to the invention of fire, has happened because man was not satisfied with his situation. If you are satisfied with your life, now you will say no to this, then we understand where you are getting good.  understand this  I am coming but anyway you should be satisfied. Listen, this world cannot satisfy you by paying attention to it. Learning it and learning happiness in it is a waste of your time. Your saints and sages think that life is good to look at or money is less.  Or so called Metallistic is achieving success, your wife will not let you live, look at my brother-in-law, look at him, look at him, will he not come to save him on time, will you get the knowledge of Amit Sangwan to save you, would he have been able to get out on time.  I am doing life  I learned one thing here, something works for you and something Guruji, everyone said, brother, I don't get any benefit, it's enough, if I get any benefit then it would have happened if I came somewhere of my own free will, what is not useful, the knowledge, the advice, the values, whatever.  It does n't dissolve, it doesn't understand and it ca n't be applied in practice. It can't be done now. Do you understand? Every time there has been a man in the society to challenge them in the future. I want to brag about myself a little, okay? Just do my 50 seconds because that moral also increases, I will tell you the rest. Every time someone or the other has come, he has been trashed. Whenever he has said such things, I will also read mine. I am ok. Whoever has said contra things, trash him.  And then later, with time, people have explained and appreciated it, this has always happened in Indian society, it has happened in French, it has happened in England, it has happened everywhere, it has happened everywhere and no philosopher can explain it.  Philosopher and all, there is no need to wear any comparison of being big, you are a human being like you, Peddil is not high but speaks a little bit like Han and sounds low in speaking, just a thing by which people can identify.  You do n't have to be satisfied, what do you have to be satisfied with, you have to be satisfied in your efforts, that you are fattening to butter the situation of your life and if you ca n't do more than that, then you are satisfied, what is the problem there, the world has kept the door.  That all the Babas who are Guruji, I too should be called Guruji, it is okay, all are from different categories and you have to judge all Gurujiyon including me that he is speaking like this, you are speaking like this because Guruji is so.  You don't even speak, Guruji, you destroy the world, this is useless, you are useless, don't do this, I am of the opposite, search us, listen carefully to what is being told, this person, after reaching a position, is doing something else. You are here, this person may be a friend, may be a relative, may be someone close to him, only then you are satisfied with him, there is no satisfaction in your life because of this, if you are looking at him, then all the Guruji and the knowledge which is being explained till now is useful.  It is said that you should be satisfied in your situation, be satisfied that you have got this, don't think about its situation, I am coming from this, it is wrong that you think about its situation, because even if you don't say it, you will think.  Navjot thing is bound to happen, to stop it is like a natural request to stop it or to go to urinate, now how long will you stop it, it is bound to happen, you are not showing the frustration of reaching here or the longing for it, I do n't understand. No one is telling you that this capability of yours can somehow be taken towards this, this is what is being said, be satisfied, be satisfied, come on, come on, be done, leave it, leave it, you are satisfied, you are happy, hey brother.  If this knowledge was applicable then everyone would have been satisfied because everyone has been telling this thing for so many years, it is not working, there is something else, you have to be told something else, you will have to think at this level, then you have to see this because the young generation.  Hasn't she understood that Santosh business is not going to take you anywhere else because many people are sitting very satisfied, their husbands and fathers let them live, no one will let them live, you, your wife, your parents, I, the men. Address it to This works for all genders as well as females, but do you have any answer? Only when you are seen making an effort, then only those around you can live peacefully. If either you tell me whether I have the capability or not, I have the capability.  Karni and I are happy in our present capacity and I don't want to take my life forward but such cases are rare and rare because everybody wants to grow.  Growth in their life where it comes, growth of mind, physical growth and good of money, so you should not deny the situation of this thing, you have to be satisfied that I could have done so little, like a child, the child has to be satisfied that brother, I  I could have studied for 8 hours. I could have studied for 12 hours. Was it my potential? Did I study that much? Am I satisfied with it? Am I happy with my efforts? If the answer is yes, then you will be satisfied. Respect Vice.  If you don't just put it and are satisfied with those numbers that my number is going to reach 50 because you are satisfied, tell me this theory of being satisfied, if the child tells the parents then the husband should not do anything less and says he is satisfied right?  What is the problem in remaining content? The theory does not apply anywhere, but when everyone around you will see the efforts, then that contentment will actually come in your life. Santosh Tapa has to live only in two or four things. You have to live in one thing only when your  If you get married then be satisfied with your life partner, be satisfied, don't keep looking at how the other's wife is, how is the other's husband, the special thing in this relationship is what we mostly call two relationships which are very close.  If you have a wife and one child, you will have to take satisfaction from your parents because they cannot do anything. Your role is not in it, their role is more. If every parent is satisfied with his children and every wife or husband is satisfied with his spouse.  yes  If you go then real satisfaction will come. You are roaming around with all the knowledge. You are killing everything with your core relationship. You give birth to children. You are the one who is teaching them. Whatever they are becoming, whatever they are becoming is all yours in it.  If you played a role in their becoming good or bad or whatever you did then you have to be satisfied with whatever product credit created is fine and second is your wife because and husband you selected her.  Just took it there, Saint, you don't need anything else to get satisfaction in life, somewhere, everywhere we are satisfied, straw and see what can I do so that I can be satisfied, in which direction should my efforts go, don't chase satisfaction.  Run people, it is very long, is n't the name Santosh also a very good name, okay, this will definitely be taught to you, stay satisfied, but you have to break this belief system, today you are like you, now what will people say that if someone's mobile  The phone has gone, it's my little one  If I have less then now I will be the answer, then I will be sad. This is a wrong thinking brother, you have to do it with your mobile, you have to earn money from your mobile only in life, it is worth ₹ 1 lakh, you work for it and in doing the work, if you are fully  If you put in the effort then you get satisfied and if you don't put in then you remain unsatisfied. Being satisfied is not a bad thing. Trying to get good things up is the problem of stupidity. In this system, when I am satisfied with everything and I have to get that thing. how know  No, you don't have to work hard, this is a disease of many generations, so it was a bit complex subject, I will stop it at this point, how will I stop it in the future, a little more clarity will be needed, brother, now I am satisfied but without effort, dissatisfaction is foolishness and debt is a fool.  If you want to remain hard then you have to remember that brother, a lot of effort will come then I too or time will come when your body cannot produce the effort then you will have to be satisfied especially when you grow in age.  So when you turn 6065 or your age increases further, then you don't have that inner strength, so get what you want, now you will have to be satisfied, otherwise it was told at one time that brother.  You are also a farmer, you are also a farmer, both have equalized their hard work, now he has become so much in this soil, this much has become yours, be satisfied because there was no way, you can jump, have done things differently, so he will give her on time.  If the society was like this, then some people are written, no one is doing that day, what about them, today's day is not zero, not zero, their interpretation will be done in a new way, this is the difference, this is the difference, now life will be very complicated na D  They are earning gem in present times. You see, it was done 200 years ago, 100 years ago also, 20 years ago, how the world was short of money, now what less businesses are there and now 20 years.  A lot will change after this