Hello friends, today's topic is government job and merit. These two things are linked a lot because I had also made a video about reservation, because when you vote for reservation, one word comes out, married is always okay, married is appreciated in India.  Okay, government job, it is considered as if a lot of merit is required in a government job, the fact is that merit is not required, today I will tell you this and if merit goes to a government job, then merit will cry.  Many people will cry and this will be discussed. Those who are in government job must watch that video. Those who want to know about government job, watch that. Motivation is nothing. There is clarity in it and it is absolutely true. Okay, and no one else has even told this truth.  There is no much benefit of this, no, no one has told from the government side, nor in the society, and those in the coaching industry will be rubbish, it is fine for me, it is merit, merit and it is showing that it is very good that you have to understand anything carefully.  bad  If you like it, then write in the comment section, it's okay, brother, if you like it, then I can explain, I will also tell you the follow-up, but you have to listen carefully, you have to listen to all the people whose children are preparing for government jobs, who are getting jobs from the governments themselves.  Are you in it or are they because its merit is very high, you have to see that in a government job, here I follow the IAS and Burrasi and the system that is there, rest of the things are done but that is not for everyone.  brush up  If you can, then we will talk about the jobs which you come across in UPSC for Psychology and Group B below and this system which you see and interact with on a daily basis, and extrapolate it as far as you can, where you can't.  Don't use your brain, don't do it. It's okay there, so let's start. In a government job, the real boss is a politician and the politician who is the boss himself has not come on merit, he has come on popularity by giving exams, then he is the boss. My brothers and sisters, it cannot be played on merit but you understand that this is the problem, this is the problem because it has to be run according to the 5 year plan, it has to be shown that road or that development.  Or that system cannot think about its bonds and the thing here is this and one popular thing is that our minister is very popular in India, he also has his own YouTube channel and you all know him very well. Everyone must know how to write, they themselves say that your Babu is less than what you are told, it is the vision of the leader to do it, it is absolutely right because in meritocracy, you can say I will take the name of IAS or say Civil Services but it is applicable for  Whoever has the misconception about himself till the bottom, because when you remove the misconception of IAS only, then the rest should definitely be the same because the topper student is catching someone, I am fine then take it sir.  What is the misunderstanding here? There is a misunderstanding of two things here that we are big leader type and we are very intelligent. We are leaders. We have leadership skills and intelligence. I tell both the things. If you were such a big leader then you go to the leader report here.  You are a servant, one who reduces the normal wage, one who reduces the fixed wage. Minister said, " Friend, you are a servant, you reduce the servant by asking questions, you are not told, if you want to do it then you have to do it." Where, what will be made, why will it be made, how will the money be consumed, what is the vision, it is less, you are implemented, like someone comes inside your house, I will not speak in too much of a derogatory way because many people will become like that, in this you just speak to whoever knows.  Do it like this at home, do it like this, do it like this, take this fan, consider him to be a leader, if you want to be so intelligent, then again the same minister I am talking about, if you are so intelligent  If you are intelligent then you would have been an entrepreneur. The leader of this country and the businessman of this country is taking this country further and if anyone is interested in this then he is fooling himself, especially the middle class, promoting the middle class.  We are proud, we are running as if you are a servant, you have no vision, eat yourself in the system because you want the security of a government job and then you have to cook Chaudhary and stick to the chair, everyone should get a government job. Those who want security do not have merit, because where there is merit, there is power and there is power, then it moves in certainty. When a man becomes a leader, I know how much the leaders are defamed. Come on YouTube, join hands, brother. Give me a like, brother, subscribe, brother, age passes by and the public has senses like this, if you become a sarpanch then show it off by holding a security government job, now leadership.  And leaving the intelligence community aside, who has believed among us that there are some government servants who wanted to change the system in this way, but these same politicians told them that if so, then they should leave their job and a brother left his job and came and  He went and sat down, you know where he is sitting, but he also does not give a nod to the politician, does not give a nod to politics, he gives the politics to each other, he does not give a nod to politics, that man also will be a national party, his party will now give a nod to politics.  I don't give him the street, I told him to leave and come to the field, then come and sit down and speak, merit is needed, merit is not needed, it can be less than Vishakha Nandanon, what is the word Vishakha Nandan, please Google it and see, it is a Sanskrit word and write in the comment section which one you want.  I came to know that only Vishakha Nandan is needed in government job, merit is not needed brother, merit is not needed and if merit is lost then merit will cry at the age of 40 when you  You ca n't take any decision, is anything right in your mind, or if you don't do what you are told to do, then you will wake up and be taken to a place where there is no less, then you will read it not as a machine but as a book, your wife and children can reach there.  And that foot, you are going like this and then you will say, Han Han, we are having a lot of fun, my merit is having a lot of fun, merit will cry, this country will cry when you will understand that it is the entrepreneur who is taking it forward, give him the nod.  Stop it and what is its risk. You need the courage to do it. Those people who are looking for the safety and security of a government job cannot change the country, it is a system and they cannot change the system because only they have to speak. Make a policy.  It is okay that he cannot become a hero, on top of that he was called a leader by vision and what was this earlier, the politicians, who were not educated, for many years, this bureaucracy, a government servant, became very powerful and those who are not educated,  By the way, he is very sharp with his mind, it is difficult to get votes, to understand the people, they think that they have handed over the British system, someone from the civil services has been caught and they will run it, now those new leaders did not know, they did not even have their own time, they are less.  To do it, to do it, and they walk, scare, threaten, walk, say, we are educated, we were the only system, so now that system is coming to an end, now what you see, many people in the government are crying tears, what they are doing is reducing.  And the meaning of crying tears in de sense is being taken tightly to them, the system is being corrected from above in every way and it has been done well, I know they will get trolling, they will write something on the channel because they are neither common people nor politicians.  If you say good thing then you will read the code. I also know that Politician of Figures is running in the same manner since the old times. Now even their codes are being installed. The system is changing and the problem is getting bigger. So who wants to come in this system?  Thinking that brother, a lot of merit is needed here, then brother, my daughter is not needed, here he needs a person who can eat the code, only then you will see that Rattu needs a parrot, the whole pattern is like this, then Rattu.  You need a parrot so that you remember the rules and regulations. Do this and memorize all the currencies. If you remember all the currencies, I remember all the Prime Ministers. If you remember everyone's capital, then it is all ours and yours. Governments do not need creativity in their servants. There is no need for that in them. Not to be creative, that vision, entrepreneurs and politicians will decide together what to do here, 16 hours can be reduced to a boring one, because these computer exams which we prepare for and pass and complete among ourselves, are the most boring nonsense things. How much of the night will we spend in the exam and you study for 12 hours, I study for 16 hours and such boring people are boring.  To reduce the poor waste, coaching institutes worth lakhs of crores are being run and they are teaching them the same and then that person turns out to be the biggest and comes, I am the biggest rattu parrot, I am here for 16 hours, son, you are the one who needs it. Come, this poor Monday is here. This data is less, let it come out, become everyone's Aadhaar, then get Aadhaar linked here and then there, there is no creativity in this, Aadhaar is very smart of the government, who is their servant and what can be reduced by outsourcing everything.  You know, when you have to do less with an outsider, the outsider does less, then you beat them with sticks, you take them out, you do the link, you do it like this, it does n't come, it doesn't give, this is all you have, brother, there is no power in it, there is no one in it  There is no famine, there is no merit in it and even if the meritorious ones enter because many people come back after doing merit, then how much is this, will this be cheating, there is nothing in it, I wanted to do it like this, I wanted to change the country.  I am brother, tell me  If I wanted, then there are two ways: You have a politician, because this is the one who changes the most, brother, giving jobs to people, establishing business, now our names start with A, A is for Amit, A is for two, three more names, it is okay for them.  Every time this 'Hey brother', that very company which was running the cement business in India for so many years has bought that company so that the profits which that company was taking in its own country should be in this country, so now the companies outside which are  Money  That money was less for India and this man is buying it. You are giving it to him. Everyone is crazy about Jeff Bezos. Alan Mast has become the favorite of the youngsters all over the world. If you give a big treat to your own people, then those who are close to you are more important than us. In a government job, an average man is needed, if he goes above average, there will be exceptions, he will become average, because if average is needed, then blue average will go, he will also be made average, this is a government's push.  The level is, if you go to this level, then you will be made here, you will be made in a government job of this level, it is necessary that when it is made here, then it will be called this, why are you doing a job of this level, then leave when you  This is how you write in a government file, you write a tender worth Rs. 10,000 crores, someone has made that file worth Rs. 10,000, no one has made it, no minister has to sign it, if a cabinet note or something is to be made then only some Babu will make it and he feels like that.  This is being built worth 2000 crores, so I am giving it to you brother, sitting on government money and getting into the scheme, bureaucracy and all this think that we are the ones who have become entrepreneurs, what is your accountability, how much value have you generated from thousand crores, how much in GDP?  It will grow, so the entrepreneur has to answer to the shareholders of the company or to himself or to the investors who is asking about you and just because many times this is you.  When you sign a cheque, you start feeling that this is mine, it is not yours yet, it belongs to the tax payer, instead of using the money of the tax payer, do not play with your feelings, it is not of merit, I am of this merit.  This much would have been enough in all, 60 years, extension after extension, fit in this committee, fit there, fit here, fit like that, why are you doing Jugaad, you are so smart and leave it, you have also become such politicians but there are more rear 1%. Now if I take it, who has become the Finance Minister of the country before? Write the name of the bureaucrat who has become the Finance Minister of the country because he is fat. 40 years of age i.e. 15 years of service, 15 years, 20 years.  After service, genuine merit cannot remain, only those who bring it to the level of Vishakha Nandan can remain and then sit and tell all the middle class people like this.  Politics are like this, leaders are like this, so if a man wants to be the leader of his house, then look friend, there are four people in your house, you two children, a wife and one you, you have the vote, out of the remaining three, you become the leader.  Look, there is a T in 2 out of 2, in which one vote is yours, three people, then maybe you have rejected the declaration of winner, you are roaming around with your family of four-five-10, are n't its leaders Banke, then look, it is fashionable before commenting on the leaders.  And the merit will be spoiled everywhere. This system should be changed to two merit. In the educational institutions, this and this are the merit. All these people sitting with you are 10th and 12th pass students who are doing well in education to become servants. Need a brother to become a servant. Need a brother to become a servant. Give money. It is taught somewhere else. Don't reduce gender to both the things. There is no need to rush and get a stamp to give real education. This stamp board degree is needed only by the one who wants to show that he has studied, respect and vices, whose education is visible in the words that come out of his mouth, brain is visible, he does business, does less because he is real, and the one who does not have the strength, neither does he have a certificate.  I want this friend, if I have it in my mind, then it is a good certificate, then he will do the job, then next time please tell me how did you like the video, please kill me, it's okay and it's okay. In democracy, everyone has an opinion, just like you have the right to have it, I also have the right to my opinion, you also have the right to have your opinion and we know each other, we all are talking nonsense with words, it was feeling that it is nothing but write like this.  Do ya yaar nahi what you say is it very very right actually give me de credit tu chhad de topic atlist give whatever i say is like absolutely I made some such claim you are funny but this thing  If I have doubted, then have contrasted, at least put something, otherwise all the differences are going away. I want to change the country. This is to speak in the interview in the country. You have to change the country, open an NGO, become a politician, become an entrapunner, you are more.  You will be able to change the country soon. There are many people who have become retired ministers from small level in the department and now they greet those who are so senior to them in the department. These people are changing like this. Those who are left worried about the security of job, please do the video of people just accept if average human will not be there, now how can people have but being average is not something below average is not something since you are average, I should not give them away.  You don't give it to Bill Gates, he too has less money, our poor people are ours, so we are very jealous because of the competition because he looks like the person we are.  It is a great respect for them that they have been kept in slavery and there is a person with skin like ours and from our country, why would I leave him because I am meritorious because I have passed the exam. Which exam is that of UPSC whose syllabus has been there for so many years?  And those who keep studying by doing this and that, you have no creativity. Those who have studied for UPSC, I want to ask one thing, if you are not selected then the 10 years you studied prepared for the competition.  If you pay it for 20 to 30 years and monetize it somewhere around ₹ 100, then tell me some respectable coaching institute because there you are again teaching the same thing outside date, I am interested in this junk of information which you carry in your mind.  You are going on, you can find it by Google anyway, whatever you find by Google, it has to be kept here, I have no idea, it is being done to you just because there is a need for people to reduce it.  And that's the qualification, he is the person who can make the boring less, less boring brother, government less, very boring, everywhere is boring, there is no excitement, go to such a place there, somehow consider yourself a Choudhary, sir.  There is such a vehicle from which place in the district, no one knows the name, there are 643 districts in India, I will take the names of 300 here, people will not even know, what a joke of general awareness and Alia Bhatt is there.  Uday Tha, I don't know because the whole country is like that, I know, I don't know the name of your President, I don't know, he does n't need him, remember the name, whatever he knows, he knows, so he has become and all the ads to him are like this, Azim O.  Shaan Shahenshah means you have that meaning by putting it from behind so that you all can remain crazy in the coaching industry for 10 years, somehow this is our lack which is a huge lack of social media, somehow this war of India which has 10 lakh youth Niti Aayog's number is there every month in the job market. These 10 lakh youth have to be trained for 10 years. Every month the people coming here get 1 crore 20 lakh in a year and this is suiting them because it means 1 crore people are coming.  Keep roaming inside the job, keep roaming around, keep showing here, Azim O Shaan, at least go and interview him once, privately. In every person's life, whatever my audience you are listening to, there is someone whose  There should be no one in the government job in the relatives, everyone's mother's son, his son brother or sister, win, there must be someone, there must be someone, go and ask him, brother, how much taste he is getting, he told me that he is genuine, so he has nothing to do with the coaching person. No, he is not telling on camera, he will tell in general, you just have to go and ask, brother, how many tastes are you getting, just ask this and it is even better if he has 10 years of service, because he has got the hang of it, no one can answer him.  One year old does n't know, he has ever seen a story, his age is above 35 years, he is a government servant, he has been working for more than 10 years, please go to him and see, brother, sister, he is tasting so much, is it worth telling you? No, if he says so, then act like a madman. Find any good relative whom you know that he is a good man and use your brain to see how happy he is, where does he live, what are the accounts and what kind of accounts are there.  life goes on  There is no need for merit here, you will get the answer, there is no connection between merit and government job, and the one who enters on merit will be unhappy. There is no need of merit here, there is a need of jugaad people, who use brooms and jugaads. Brooms are busy, they are busy like profit, once I said, sir, do n't use your mind, how to use your mind, government, government was not mine, I don't want it, you will go with more merit, you will be unhappy, then when you computer is getting in.  I hope this will give you clarity. Thank you.