Hello friends, this is a video of Astrology. Those who are interested in Astrology should watch it completely and those who are not at all interested in Astrology should definitely watch it. Efforts will be made to do it for them too. Yes, the subject is Saturn 's transit, that is the zodiac sign has changed, Shani Maharaj Ji. Going to Aquarius, going to Aquarius, many videos have already been made on this, okay and their big yoga is Rajyoga, it would be very good if you are careful, at least 1 lakh like this and so on.  The videos have been posted, okay, so then I come, I am not going to tell anything the way it is told there, I am going to tell it in a different way and it will be fun and those of you who have learned it from me, let them learn astrology a little more. You will get respect for learning well and other people too. You do not need to know much about your horoscope, which I will tell you in this video. Even if you do not know your date of birth, it will be enough. Tell me as per the horoscope, it is okay, leave the time and the date only.  I don't know then  So Sun people then, if not Sun people then what do all the people do, they are spending time in it, what is this for Scorpio, what will happen for Leo, how will the next two and a half years pass, for them it seems like its simple sati.  It is looking good, this is bad, this is like this, this is like this, it is not like this, there is something different, it is okay, in trying to know, people want to know the future, what is going to happen to me, the possibilities can be told to you, the rest is in your hands.  I am you Karvaoge, if you understand the program that will happen with you, then first understand what will happen and I will tell my audience to listen very carefully, listen with enjoyment and then in the end there should be fun, because there should be joy, whatever is our purpose in life, right?  If we do it ultimate then we don't get it for pleasure, it is a different thing and if we do it for that, then in this video you are going to get pleasure, so you watch it, you do n't know which zodiac sign I am, people get confused in that also.  live in  We have to see according to the moon sign of the moon sign, according to the ascendant sign, he also has different opinions, but leave it all friend, I don't know anything, you are a human being, whatever is your zodiac sign, it's okay, let's start with it, okay if you are interested then you  Someone has to see that this period is starting from 17th January, the change is fine and if you go to Aquarius then brother, there is going to be a change in your life, there is going to be a chapter change in everyone's life, Chhota.  The chapter is going to change, my film, don't do it like this, everyone comes in a different way, okay, if Mukesh Ambani struggles, he will not struggle like a rickshaw puller, his struggle will be like him because if his background is mentioned, then even after writing a letter to the country tomorrow.  It is said that because the system itself is different, it is okay if the child of a very poor person has done very well, then even if he becomes a peon, he should be very good and it is important that he does not become a business tycoon, everything is relative. Understand, understand, you have to take advantage of it, you have to stay connected with it, it is right, just like the buffalo used to give milk, it does not give milk, in the same way, the knowledge that is being given, this knowledge has to come out, you have to get the knowledge from this video, but it has to come out.  People, if you want to learn from this video because of curiosity, then you should understand that Saturn is a symbol of pressure, it is a symbol of pain and there is pressure of pain in all our lives, so I want to say this. Now after the 17th, you will feel that the place where you were feeling pain or pressure will be removed and it will shift, it will shift. Okay, so if you are going to someone's fourth house, just like if you are going to the right house, then they will feel it.  It must be that some pain is being experienced inside the house, the mother is getting it through the mother because they are karatav students, they will understand things better that it is okay to vote even if you don't know, you do n't have any problem, you just know this.  have to do  Will there be a change in your pain, will there be a change in pressure or hard work or focus will change, Saturn is nothing, Saturn spends two and a half years in translation and wherever your original natal Saturn is sitting, it will become energetic as per your wish if it is in the tenth house.  If the tenth house is of your work area, then some of your energy will come out from there and that energy will come out of the house in which you are now, so both these things can be understood in this way, now in this you are with someone in the house.  We are going ok, Shani is ok, so we are going into the house together, so now in a relationship with a transvestite, this is a general relationship or in business, you will have to work hard, see what happens, why are people more afraid of Shani ji, Shani Maharaj. Because he wants hard work and struggle, no one wants to do what he wants to do, a hardworking man does not need anything, there is no need for a hardworking man to be worried without astrology, who makes promises 15  It reduces the number of hours in the day, physically and mentally, he remains engaged in something, there is no need to study from anyone in all these checkers, I cannot do anything more than that and when you cannot do anything more than that, then what can you do?  Ca n't do anything but what is the problem, what should be the key, we need something simple while opening, and I tell you something like this, brother Guruji, tell me, don't do men like this, learn astrology to benefit from it, if you want to learn from it, then you have to see this transit. that now he will say  Is it good or bad? Any thing will come in your life, it will bring something good for you, something bad for you and every person's definition of good and bad is different. If a relationship gets spoiled in someone's life but health gets fine then tell me. Meaning, he will say, friend, what is the problem, kill the relationship, please fix this problem of mine, it is possible that the opposite will happen to someone, the relationship will get better, the relationship will be fine, but there will be something wrong in your body, it can also happen like this.  Has it happened to anyone that they got a good boost in their job, got a promotion but because of that they had to go away from home, they left their family, they got a promotion or got something, tell me, is it a matter of happiness or sadness for you? I want to tell everyone that this is the reason for my making this in life right now because when this change transit comes, all those things start appearing. I have not received as many consultation requests as I have in the last four days. He -- me  I know that this transit is happening, it is happening because people are seeing that this is happening, what I am telling you is that this chapter is changing, everyone's problems are visible somewhere, somewhere, I am trying to tell them that brother.  Don't run away, this is bound to happen, this is the target of two and a half years, only your focus will change, now what is it, many times you want to focus here but forcefully your focus is pulled here, this also happens, I am investing in earning money but  Health Something happens to him in the next 1 month, starting from today, Hello System, whatever word you have to say, which way is it going, this is definitely a change, if it is going like this, then it is like this, it is like this, where is the change, that is the change.  So, if only one house changes, then the change will not be visible to you or me. There will be a change in your focus. If someone is in the third house in communication, it is like struggling in writing in the workplace.  If he was living with or had some issues with his sibling, he will get relief and if he moves to the next house, then he will get something to do in the 4th house activity, his energy will expand there, he will have to work hard, if he has to do Instagram, then there will be a change.  He has come from 4th to 5th house, he may have issues with his digestive issues or maybe he will have to work hard on children or on studies, now depending on further, now he is 24 years old, he does not have children.  So he may have to struggle in romance. Currently, he had a lot of girlfriends, now he is not getting along, so maybe the time for marriage has come, the meaning will be different for everyone, what is this called? Astrologers come and journalize according to the zodiac sign, how can this be?  Brother, how can you predict the future of a 25 year old and the future of a 75 year old together? All the programs for the 75 year old have already been done, so one program is left for him, okay 75?  If the one from 25th has all the children, then he is waiting for him and if the one from 25th has all the children and all the desires, then come anytime and do general prediction like this, this is the flower, the thoughts, the same will, people say that this is not right for me, astrology is nonsense.  Hey brother, the design is so tailor-made, just like taking the measurements of your suit accordingly and doing this, just like a dentist fits your teeth, this is a danger, it is very unique.  Everyone is not the same, I picked everyone up and made them fit, I took this brother, I gave them Leo's group, this Cancer sign is gone, this Gemini is gone, this is your Libra sign, this is your Pisces sign, this was like this, brother, everyone's rough mathematics.  This change is taking place, this is the change, take a long breath and see that the change is taking place, look within yourself and now write to me in the comment section whether we are seeing or experiencing or feeling the change now.  That here I was in pain, now wherever any body part was having issues, there will be a change and that change will shift and now if someone says that my life becomes a mess, then it will be someone's.  It doesn't happen but sometimes what happens is that something like this was in this chapter, your Shani ji and he is here, in this here you are weak, if you don't understand, then here you were feeling more pain, here you are a good player, then here  But  Even after coming, he is doing the same activity. The degree of difficulty is the same. Your Maths paper is difficult but your Social Science was so weak that you were struggling there. You could neither make a map nor remember the date, nor did you know who was born first.  It was born later, Freedom Struggle [ __ ], I don't know, so you are struggling, but Math is your favorite subject, now here when the Math paper is difficult, but in Math, you are able to collect whatever you want. They will perform but they got relief from the change and many people who know social science well, now their mathri has become trajot, so again it depends on the person, date is not I am trying, it will not work.  This Prediction Will Not Work Blanket The way it is being told, that is why I am saying that this should not be told, but in this way, people have to listen to it, their luck will open, their wealth will increase, oh one thing. Tell a 14 year old child who is studying, what wealth will he get, what will he do? A 39 year old housewife says that she does less for the house and this is how her coriander went, then where will the wealth come from and her husband has no wealth.  If there is no yoga, then where is the money coming from? An eighty year old man's coriander has become good, where will he get the money, yoga will be good, what will he do by coming with the paddy, what is he to do with this blanket, people just become happy, I have dated  Here  Without taking any name, without pleasing anyone, I have tried to learn a lot from you guys, you guys are understanding something, if you want to learn this specific thing about astrology, then join the platinum membership at a very cheap price.  I am explaining it practically and people say, no, I don't believe, hey, learn it my brother, learn it yourself, then you will come to know when you have faith, then when you don't know how to ride a bicycle, the one who doesn't know how to ride a bicycle, always thinks of being on two wheels. How about you try it once brother, you try it, no, in this, the whole square of Science B plus 8 plus square of 13, make 169, you solve it, ok, you solved this, then do 18, then I don't agree, who are you, friend, learn more today when you come.  If you learn then you will know that it was never about prediction. Please start understanding your chart. Those who know your date of birth and time of birth, please learn a little by doing this.  Friend, take platinum membership, video, when I too did astrology many years ago, I relied that I will have to pay this money every time, I will have to go every time, because life is like this, so why can't you learn it yourself? Is this too much of a rocket?  There is a lot of science to be learned, so learn the basic, friend, because even in 40 years you cannot learn it completely, and to learn the basic things, you can learn the basic things even in 40 days. Your life will turn out well. I am not the only one who can predict the world. What is happening in your life, why is it happening, how is it happening, why is your thinking like this? You can change your thinking, you cannot change it, why have you got such a thinking, what is it?  All those things will be answered. When you get the answers then you will say no, I believe, I don't believe, there is something that either reduces it or doesn't end the matter. I believe in marriage, I believe that someone is married or  So whether it stands or breaks is not over.  Divorce has happened, this is going on, what is the need of faith in this, I don't understand this, why do we need this faith in life, do you believe, date you go with your hands, you know you go with your hands, you just need to believe in this. No, the need for belief comes only where there are no less than 500 senses. You believe because you could not get that feeling through all five senses. I believe in it because I have 500 senses. If she doesn't realize, then I believe in her lap, she has to do it, so I believe in her lap is a believer, I don't believe in her lap, she is also a cat and both of them are equal because they both say, brother, these five senses of ours are fine.  They don't know this thing in their real life, okay then try it, don't work hard, do the proof like the other Lat Sahib, do it like this and tell him, he said like this, within the World Cup, it is a crazy boost, you have given 10 people.  You have done it and are making predictions from them and that is a very bad thing and there is no need for public work. They are saying that this is a bad system. Now what do you say? You will tell the cobbler to cut the hair and then cobble the hair.  It is not the job of a cobbler to cut less hair, brother, but you are getting the hair cut by collecting pearls and then you are saying that you do not fix the hair, you are doing something wrong by doing it like this, that is not what is being done.  This is not possible only, no it is not possible only, what is being done is not possible, but people like to watch the game of drunkards, they enjoy it, something has been released, it has been done like this, it has been done like that, then someone from outside will come and we will give you one crore.  If you give it then show us the proof. We from this organization can learn from that organization. Friend, are you also the cheap one? It takes life to learn this game, it takes time, it can also cost money, well, so much.  It doesn't happen, but it takes effort. I have to learn. Even if I get a job, someone else should do the work and then I will get married. Enjoy the wedding. I will go to get vegetables at the wedding. I will not help Akhilesh in raising the children. Tell everyone about Paka's future. Our brother, your future is in your hands, but whose hands are in your hands, whose hands are under whose control, the brain of your man's brain says, no, the brain says that if you open this now, then you have opened it, the brain says.  If it is, please shut it down. So, under whose control is this, what is happening now, what is happening at this level, then by doing something at this level, something can be changed at this level, you understand what I am saying, what is it at this level that has an effect? And it changes only when a man behaves like that, so if you understand the connection with this phenomenon, then now your mind, because there is a lot of power in human free will, will not say, man is just opening his fist and you are opening it.  Now my fist is waiting here, if yours is exactly like that, whatever you do, you have to keep it closed, then it will remain closed, now if anyone talks about astrology, then inspire me, will it open, will it close, will it open or will it be closed, then this  It has to be seen how weak he is and how strong he is at this time. If he is strong then whatever he wants will happen. If it is in your hands then it is not in his hands. Now this cannot be explained more than this in 15-20 minutes but he is an interesting man.  You will definitely become one. Do you want to become an interesting man? This year, interesting men run away. It is better to understand yourself and others, and then all those who say this, no, this is the one who is fooled, he is the one who is not fooled by anyone.  His dialogue goes, people are idiots, you are not being fooled by the word, he does it well and nonsense, but if you are an idiot, then in this world you will earn more than Rs. 800 crores.  400-500 crore people are fools, so if someone is coming and fooling them, they are there, that is why they are becoming, they are not becoming, they are just taking advantage of their being fool, they are being fooled, they are not being fooled.  It is true that many people are idiots and we behave like idiots in many situations, so someone just takes advantage of them, whoever that person is.  That person could be a politician, could be a doctor, could be a lawyer, could be an astrologer, could be a husband, could be a wife, could be a parent, could be anyone, could be anyone, could be a friend, could be a thief, could be a bank  It could be a loan seller, it could be a scheme seller, it could be anyone, so in this world you think that we all are fools and if we are fooled, then its solution is in knowledge and wisdom because when knowledge  And if we get wisdom then we will not be fooled, so I am telling you the same thing, brothers and sisters, do you want to learn because after learning, you will not displace anyone so quickly, you will understand how this world works. Thing, all this universe works, then whatever you say yourself, don't tell me, I don't know how it affects the force in living beings, m1 is M2 / r², then m1 M2 is like this, learn it.  All these stories are told through different stories. You are after that person. No, I don't know this. I don't know how. How are you telling me brother? Your mango tree is neither there nor ripe mango in it, eat its bitter leaf.  It has a stem, eat that, it has no taste, but when you eat that, eat the mango, the pulp is ripe, it is sweet, tell me, where does the sweetness come from, I do n't know, tell me, is it sweetness, chlorophyll will tell, photosynthesis will tell. Sucrose will tell you, I am asking, how did this sweetness come? Science, tell me, where did sweetness come from? Two human beings, which human being was born from within two mothers, gives birth to a right person, his was like this, he was like that, friend, but one  Good comes out of his mouth, how can it be the other way around? Same entry gives a very good and very dirty street and has been to a place where only abuses were done and he also talks sweetly, talks nice.  He talks about knowledge, he can give one and a half crore examples and one and a half thousand crore of you people who were born like this and reached this level and many people were born at this level and went here, why brother, so many times I  What I am saying is that these will also be very, very great scientific. This will also be released to the public but what is the need to understand so much, friend. Just understand that it is mango, it is the fruit of mango, it is sweet when cooked like this and by the way, we use it as theft.  done raw  By cutting down on this, we sell chemicals like this and also do less wrong, then you should know the meaning of all the motagan is left, rather all will keep going inside the skin, keep going, we have limited time, remember this in life, brothers and sisters, all of us.  We do not need to go to the inner level of everything, we can live our life very well even in the thick of things. I say this that the knowledge cannot give you peace, joy and happiness and just make it argumentative and make an argument.  He wins with the second argument, that thing is more important, whatever gives you happiness, gives you stability, gives you inner consciousness, man, intellect, wisdom, all these words come in Hindi, in English only mind is spoken, we have discussed all these things separately.  The soul is different, consciousness is different, intelligence is different, man is different, this is the difference, I am talking about Hindi vocabulary, all these words which I am telling, these English people of Hindi have made these big scientific minds.  If people have a mind, then do n't reject so quickly. This is our law, this is our knowledge, this is our different old thought process. Read, understand and after knowing everything, after understanding, then reject comfortably and say, we have understood everything and it is okay for me.  I think this is because many truths can exist simultaneously; science does not understand this; normal Western philosophy cannot understand that at the same time you can be right, I can. Be right and see can live with our truth very happy Chakkar is a separate post, the oldest knowledge is with us, only India has it and by fooling the Indians and making them self steam people because what is the Chakkar? My brothers and sisters, it takes a little effort to understand, when Sikh people understand, then you will also be told, then you say, why don't you tell everyone completely, this is also a big question asked, you are all clear cut, brother only D.  Deserving Will Know Same Should Others Tom Dick and Harry No Don't Tell Don't Tell Everyone Is Equal You Make Square All this has been written long ago in Geeta Ji where you want to translate it further by taking an example, that literal translation.  If any language falls from any language then it becomes comedy. If you all know it then it is the one who will tell that story through the medium of our story.  I raised questions on what was being told through him, it was being explained as if I will end by telling you one small thing, 6000 Venus Remedies from Lal Kitab or inside it, marry a woman with a black pearl character, now let her  Don't know about astrology, its implied meaning is that my brothers and sisters, Venus in your sixth house means that you are judgmental about women and pass the sexiest marks. Yes, and you don't treat them properly, its implied meaning is because the person who himself has married a black pearl immoral woman will not say anything to the other women, neither is the implied meaning, do it or not actually, you understand me.  But who is going to understand this matter, how many are there all here with four books, it seems that this is astrology, such a person knew, wrote four books, destruction, a southern black pearl woman, made everything ridiculous because to tell the interpretation  There is no one there or it is in classes, it is normally seen towards the opposite sex and it is oppositisex it is of the female about whom they will talk about males like this, if they do less stock then basically they should not talk loosely APO  About the opposite sex, even for a man, if it is that of a woman, then we will tell the woman to marry a fat, bald, ridiculous looking poor man, because now if she is a woman,  If she does it like this then she wo n't speak bad about anyone of the opposite sex. Well, my man doesn't do so much in public. But sometimes it is a little late in the video. It is okay. This is told so that those who are here  We have seen till now, we are seeing their knowledge and wisdom, they are making the narrative in such a way that all this is nonsense, so someone has to tell it and someone has to explain it, so that we can give it to the person who has taken it.  We will let the oil of this lamp burn out, the ghee inside, we will not give it to me, how many of those winds will reduce theirs, we will reduce ours, we will not let the lamp to be extinguished, how many have enjoyed it, now they should write because if it will be fun and it will feel good, then when else will I  Done because I will not wait for the event again, because I also put this content very less, you people have seen that we get many types of content, it is all related content, the channel is like a buffet but this one which  Sweet dish comes so if you understand because I don't want people I don't want people so opinion I want weather it makes sense for your note ok I understand mine will come if I understand then I will agree but why am I son you tell me  I am ready to listen to what they are saying these days, we do science, brother, take it, 300 years ago, if the light was lit by electricity, if someone had lit it, he would have been called God.  People, but now we know, we are not there, God speaks, now you tell us that electricity runs, is visible in the stars, does it give light, I don't know where it comes from for free, no one told me, I am not happy, so why are we so loud?  He is saying no, no, this is bad, it is bad with me, it is okay with you, your wife is cheated, you are fooled, then I say again and again, you are not fooled, we all are, we just take advantage of her being fooled.  There is a difference between the two things because the day you accept that we all are idiots, I am not telling you otherwise I am telling you that you are not big, I am also telling myself that we all are idiots as long as we have knowledge.  It is because of the system that he does not have clarity about things because you see that if you are going during the day or at night, you are a brother because there is no clarity, because there is no light, you do not know where the pothole is, only you will go during the day, you have no sister in the day.  In For example, you sleep in your room every day. When you have to wake up at night, you do not need to turn on the light. To go to the bathroom, you get up from the bed. You know these two steps: the door to the bathroom. Now maybe you won't even switch on the light in the bathroom. You programmed it, turned off your phone and went to sleep in front of you. If this is yours, I have changed my place, I have changed my place, I have taken a hotel room, go to some other relative's house, then you like me.  turn on pay  firoge because now you are not comfortable at that level, you have to take fresh knowledge there, so it is all about you know something [music] This is the system, you have to say that friend, don't understand it, I don't want you to understand what is left.  This is nonsense because what is the point in saying this nonsense that you did not work hard, you went, you did not take any interest in the thing, how it is made, what is this?  All you have done is award is useless, you do n't know any phenomenon, what is nutrition, how raw is it, it is definitely good for health, if you don't know anything, then you say, hey, I do n't understand, I do n't like Rasgulla, you do this.  Don't say that Rasgulla itself is useless, it has no meaning, it doesn't even exist, the core Rasgulla cannot give happiness to anyone, Rasool, no one likes eating Rasool, Rasool is a very useless sweet, because don't say like this, you yourself  If you say not my not for me then this is a bigger message. The video may get a little long but we have to add oil and ghee for this. Will you add ghee? If it becomes long then write in the comment section that it will wait for 33 minutes. Will you add ghee? Thank you. you very much