Hello friends, one more time of Gurgaon real estate secret series, SDO uploads of relationship's time secret, so tell us the inside thing which no one is telling, which no one is telling is the number one friend, please activate, please tell that you also have to see this which is like this.  You are crazy about the plot, what things are told, how the story is told, how it will be told further and you are buying on it and you are forgetting the main thing, so I am going to tell the one whom no one is watching, Sunil, tell us like this. Plot Pet 6 3 4 Lakh 4.5 Lakh Brother, normal water grade has become 2 Lakh, so its also has become, we will show its Crush Lanka Square Feet S above the plot and compare it with residential, if you withdraw this much then on this  I will tell you three-four things. First of all, listen to what no one is telling you. Whenever you get votes for such products, you take out the face of such products and check how many parking spaces are there, whether it is reflected in your account or not. All the people who are making this money, the owners of the shops, the servants who will work, their cars can't even be parked, the people who are going to give the experience at the shop, these people, cigarettes, our Prasad, look at this, look at that part, look at the car parking here and there. And Means Mauli will run at that level and what are the best malls in DLF right now? Mall of India is coming with 25 lakh square feet. Forget this yog story, there is not going to be any shopping experience.  There is no word file here, there is no cool politics, no heat in winters and no fun, there is no birth date as high as they are selling it and if many people are feeling senior then they have to see whether they have done positive stars.  Commercial rates are also available here, you can buy for Rs 5, 10, 20, 30, 40 lakhs or you can buy it individually, is it Caritas, is it from group field and which are the other two, tell me the institute.  What is their rental value and what is the vote zone read? I will make it once also. If we speak again, I will make it. What is the duty given in real estate investment trust? World only to invest in ready to move in under construction.  While working and not on the go, investing in plants that are on the leaves is a big advantage. But don't look at the square feet of your plants because that will weigh you down.  The human child will not survive because that air used to come, you will hit their bathroom stand, will you tell them from where to remove the shirt? No SDO's eighty grams of sugar will make a shot of 70 at 120 yards; the air of the staircase for the air of your lift; the air of the banana bathroom What kind of monitoring do you have for that i.e. and all this use? You see all the doctors who are there, they work on the ground floor, where even in Bang Bang's first floor, no one goes above it, pigeons sit there.  Okay, does anyone know that Gold's Gym? I don't know about those types of activities with different names. No one comes here. Okay, maximum barber shop will be on the third floor and no one else goes there and no one even applies lip balm.  Okay, if you tweet, then that place will go to the fit 30-40 and after that it will go to live, so this thing is the way it is being sold, it is very cheap and there is no parking space in such a plot, come.  Repeat, there is no place in HUDA sectors, Jha is SDO, go at 10-11:00 in the morning, any customer of your age, look at the shop, 13, 90% of the parties, those HUDA people have still left a lot of space, it was also government land.  So still he had no hesitation in leaving because yes, each yard is being sold for Rs 4 lakh, so he will leave the parking space, if more than Rs 4 lakh is lost, no one is checking it.  This is a big secret, stay together, give me some praise, type, he likes, he deserves, and subscribe, please add, now you will keep getting such videos immediately, all these videos are till 31st March, subscribers, do you want to give any knowledge and all these  Videos will disappear, I have decided to open the eyes of all the people here after April 10, 2020. Okay, those who join me because there are many people in the market. My livelihood is based on these things, I am not here to kick the stomach of those people by becoming omniscient, I am here to give bread to my subscribers, so those of me who are subscribers, then listen, even if you press the bell icon, notifications will come because this  All the videos will disappear in a day or two, then you will ask which one was which, what was the plot like this, brother, it should have been taken, if not, then there will be no repeat telecast, then this is SDO plot.  The biggest problem is that there is no parking at all. There is no shopping experience. When it is ready, it will stand there and ultimately the customer has to go there, he should feel comfortable while shooting. There is no shooting here that every time people compare it. Sector Brother, the number of car parking space given by Sector 21 person increases the power of Bigg Boss. Do you know that the Sector 29 person was a Hooda person in the past?  Whatever is said, do not compare with them, this brother has left nothing behind, now the locator is parked on the road, brother, there is no place to park on the road, no one will allow it to be parked and no one will come after rocking a kilometer, it will not be parked anywhere on the road.  This is practical. Whoever bought this outfit please check how much is his scooter plan. The one who was thinking of buying should tell me and the rest of you should clip me. To tell these things, I am openly asking for subscribers of Like Mangraul. So press subscribe and press the bell notification because in the coming time things will become like this rapid-fire type and milk I am telling you in the next 48 hours 10-12 videos will be made like this and will be interesting and please share them and Subscribe and increase thank you very much for thirty first my personal target help me wishes subscribe my channel short and join this video has been made  470 subscribe button shot so 470 then you can increase it easily, okay if you do this in your family then get your lift done in this time, thank you very much.