Hello friends, I am not Singh, season two of all my ongoing CEA money plant series, good job, real estate, two three idol topics, very rich upcoming topics, I have a request to you all, all the questions and different things, below this video you can  You can subscribe to the youth content either for this and if it is insane then it will increase further so you have to see that youth do not watch the knife for five minutes if you understand the media number three live video. Your investment journey will become very easy. Respective of the product can win. Subscribe to that thing and the third one is the marigold equation of real estate. If you understand that then you will be able to calculate any product very well.  If you subscribe for the most frequently asked questions videos on all the videos made in the job within the time you understand, it will be a lot of fun.  Those who follow should understand, Magnus can watch videos on Sirius while subscribing, there is a pause and after that the internal storage will run, the job series has reached a point of great interest, people have started to understand that no visit is a complete solution.  One important thing is that if you are walking on the same path then you will reach the right place and if you are walking in a circle then you will keep moving in the same circle then it will be very good on real estate in Noida. You all have compared it to Gurgaon, see, after that I have seen Jewar airport being very good at that too, many questions are coming, many comments are coming and many innocent people are also coming, Delhi airport worth Rs 5 lakh in Mahipalpur.  If it is close to then there is this innocent innocence on this, I and the people who do it, had made a slightly rude comment that if you get money then subscribe, life will not move like it, na mere kahen  I want to promote this argument and dialogue that something bad happened. What happens in a dialogue? Subscribe Contributing I am saying something on an important topic and you are saying something. What is the value of this thing? What are we saying in discussing it? If you subscribe to this Everything Way Argument Sangat [Music] in Mahipalpur, then if it happens then videos on this, you want a video on any topic, that topic.  There is a lot of demand in the family series, I was feeling that this question is our initial, okay I will make Edison, there is a lot of demand on it, there is a lot of demand on the job, there is a demand from women, what should we do? Because I believe that it should work. If you turn one man upside down then one woman is unemployed. If there is employment for every unemployed man then it is a different matter but you tell me there are no women in this country.  Will Be Unemployed and Money Will Marry You One Woman [Music] Questions For Society If You Want This Is One Of My Subscribe Women Have To Think A Lot That You Are Not Ready To Marry An Unemployed And A Man Is Ready To Marry You So many people reply to this in the old manner that we will get married, tell them to take care of our family, serve our parents and till the time we are ready to get married, we are ready to give the first look and [music] something.  I  I do n't want you to say everything sweetly, motivate me, open up on this topic of my giving and I have disturbed you very well, all these things are there if there will be no marriage, a house is bought when there is a lot of peace in life. This is a question that I may lose my job, my wife is worried, my parents don't support me, I couldn't buy a property for Rs 50 in my life, then I can buy a property for Rs 10, I gave him an angry appointment in WhatsApp, he has everything in him.  I have made this video myself, how many demanding solving questions are you, then to solve one question and then if it helps, then it will be again, then that video seems to be Kayan Tower original, it seems that I want to lighten it from my side, do not make it too much.  I wanted but it was according to me to complete it [Music] I could understand his words, I was not educated in the matter, I had so much influence on everyday life, there are so many things in the society, there are so many things, there are old believers. People come to fight by questioning the systems, what is the harm in questioning, don't break your song, this is the system, someone came and shook your tree, the roots of your tree should be strong, if the roots are not strong then they will blow up to the tree.  If we fall then how is it okay to cry then please tell us if there is a cat system, I should question this, should they be changed with the date, if the time is changing, should we continue with the old pattern and  Keep expecting different results, so please watch this video. Whatever I talk about, I request you to please make it interactive and write below it in the comment section that we need more on this. We need more on this. Content creators where there is demand for this channel.  What is done will be focused on, try to balance it from your side, wow, but by fixing one topic for 15 days or 120 days, I just want to take a little porn because a lot of people do it on YouTube.  It becomes a hit within a quarter of an inch but then it becomes repetitive and then subscribing to the same things in a different way is fine but it is necessary to bring newness in it and it is very important because if videos are not able to do anything physical in your life then if you Ghrit knowledge information information knowledge is there, you get it but with a lot of influence like we think, advertisements are recognized very quickly, very big, some compulsion but today  There is news on the day of that advertisement, how many people are there that the article is printed, no one is getting the speed from the house completely, so now in such videos, they will feel something in a way, then you will feel that this subscribe.  And above the level, Guru is the one who can hold meetings from both the sides and can tell the logical thing as per his own understanding that you guys and you have done it to your husband yes when I did it we number one playlist charity event these pictures then I will do it to him as well  Correct Now I speak, if you see romance in my eyes, write, write, you will do that too, so that I can open myself for 10 minutes, yes, I will tell, and what is the best way to start? So I am here number entrance exam paper check us very beautifully but now I request you all the way will be getting into the videos these people appointed consultant 90 subscribe quote  Even in 9 months, we were successful in doing 120 Let Them in Greater Kailash Meena, so I have a request to you, who have watched the channel till now, you are watching, you can become a premium member, by joining, you have become a premium member, I have created a special telegram group for them separately.  I keep bringing something different for those who are members too. You will see membership channels on the channels. If you put the video play all member subscribe above then you will get that. For the members, I have made videos here and keep using it. It is very good, so you can definitely watch it. Like, Subscribe, Subscribe. If you think that there are payment rules, if you have to pay every month, then first you normally take Rover on your own.  If I used to go, I have to make the payment every time, yes, I have made this payment on my own through Central UTI Bank, I have no problem, so if it is regular and there is a problem in making it every month, then back to connect.  There is water treatment with which we do it, there is an option to do that every month, if you want to do that thing, do it through Google, it is also done from the side, not every bank card is accepted because the money goes abroad, ₹10.  So this is done by some according to the need but it is done through Google also, it is done in UP also, please write in the comment section, I have a request to subscribe, please try to fulfill it, I think that as many as  If you use it then subscribe. If not every person likes it, you can increase my playlist with your friend circle. You can see that by sliding the Bluetooth in it, there is a lot of different content. Deen Dayal's issue is also on Affordable Housing and Real Estate Education.  So there is a lot of variety, if you have missed the appointment of 14th different topic play list from the village * 2.0 is going to be available, then my request to the people to understand a little, very good.  If you want to do it, then you will do typing, then open a small book and watch the video of the video which you like, it will take 10 minutes, so if you have time, then my request is that if there is anything related to real estate, tell me the thing in it. Subscribe to Indian Bluetooth of Siddha. Videos and upcoming ones, when you talk to people, your confidence level will increase and [music] you have to keep giving feedback, thank you.