Hello friends, this is a very interesting topic. If your children are born after 1995, then this is the topic for you or if you yourself are after 1995, then this is a very important topic. Many people will benefit from wedding talks. These searches speak 96. And 1995 speaks, it is almost predictable that this is a generation which is going to be in its pre-events in relationship class because of ignorant mixed conditions. Hand Scratch You must be feeling this piece in the news and on the other hand, it is the time of their time, so it is changing, okay different things which were guaranteed to be so many years old, now they are turning so many years old.  We will discuss about that, that is what is happening, what can parents drown, want you should talk about their ability to do job, the generation which is doing job today, is not going to get this job and should not learn it, this is the message.  What else is there to do, how is it going, please tell me, if you want stability and job, that is why everyone got attracted towards the government and the government has also reduced the activity and job pay. Okay, banks will also become like this in seven-eight years.  Year can be due to other things too. Okay, so what you have to do is to grab stability of place. How can you get stability of place on printer corruption in a big city where  There are employment opportunities in the nearest big city. Wherever you live in India, you can buy property there. If you are in South India, then Cochin, Coimbatore, Madras, Chennai is fine, Bengaluru, Hyderabad is fine, if you are above Gurgaon, New Delhi, you can buy properties in UP, then Lucknow is fine.  If the answer is yes then the reason is that the biggest expenditure today is on two things. Thank you agree with me then type A on this and this.  Disagreement is the biggest expenditure on two things: F and young couple, young people or market rent and children's school fees. Look at your budget and fold all those whose children have passed out from schools and colleges into this category.  But for those who are at this stage, you pay the rent and the school fees and both are inevitable. Now there is nothing in it that you can reduce it or not pay it or if you do not pay it this month, then the child is yours.  His child is 21 years old. By the time he goes to school, the child will be 29-32 years old. I, this friend, will go to school at the age of three or four years. One-and-a-half years, two years after marriage. The child will get married. Many are getting married at the age of 27-28.  Even if people are late, we will take 31 32 Tomar, so for 10 years, pay the maximum rent for it, whether you have a child or not, then in 10 years, that table can be bought only if you have bought a house for it.  Don't ask me to take a house worth Rs. 2 crores, 2.5 crores, 3 crores, 1.5 crores, whatever is according to your capacity, because I see many people, well, they are investing money in commission for 15-16 years and it is lost and love child.  Lives in a PG next door, is getting a job and has a good family. It is better if you have bought one of your old people, now people say that the rate will increase, then it is in everyone's mind that they will increase and buy a bigger one.  I took your child's So the benefit is hundred percent, if he does well in life, then get him to pay the EMI of the loan, take rest from him, make his own private arrangements, many times it happens that many people are in government jobs and it is okay to move left or right.  The child can live with you, Ghee Sukhi, he has to take a job in a big city, so your wife also cannot live with him because brother lives in OPD, is n't the scene of the child's food okay?  No matter whether it is a boy or a girl, we are not the kind of children, we are racing that for 22 years, we are cooking our own food, that we are left in our own comfort, that crazy person, if you have any pad at that time, he has a home. I am calling it paddy, I am not calling it kothi, I am not calling it 4bhk. Anything is a thing to live in. According to your capacity, your bike can go there and stay there. In 16 years, you have stayed there for four months, for 10 days, 15 days. Sara is at home.  Corrected the discipline, corrected the food tick, tightened the maid, cleanliness, dry cold, add that mother 's coming there is the spring in the child's life, his health was cured, I am seeing so many children in their early twenties.  Asaf Khan for Health Issues keeps eating outside food, no matter how much you teach yourself how to cook it, you will not be able to make it a daily routine for your child, that's why he is being squeezed out of his job. He has no legitimate and  If the one who has got the job and the one who has not got the job, then he is successful in the same. Coaching here, coaching there, festival twist, this college, teaching and writing, then he does not have any energy for him. He should make his tea and drink it. He too is an Indian.  He is Vande Classification Indian and is standing on the same heavy roaming Reddy and the food itself Reddy's food also cost one hundred and twenty-five hundred rupees, otherwise the food outside means tweet cost 300 to 400 to 500  It cannot come less than this and I am telling you that it is of very low level. If you want to spend more and are eating bad junk then it is necessary for you to see your favorite. You have to plan in advance. Many people bring parents.  Don't do it, if the child is 14 then he will get the possession of the flat in four years, then at 18 it is his own, if he is 15, he will get 618 in it, then it is very important to get his own house in a big city, this will bring stability in life.  And then child, this is my place of work, now whatever I will do here and I am under blackmail that people will not accept a job of Rs 40,000-50,000 in some city, now I am a North Indian, so why do I need to go to Ignore, even in a job of Rs 70, you will have to pay all the expenses there.  Water will flow out in that, whereas if the fans are worth 4, 5, 6 lakhs, then take them to Switzerland, go to Switzerland, go on, have courage, but if the salary is less, then at some point in your life,  You are looking for stability and job, that stability is not available and when I am telling this to the celebrity of the place, if the article 'Seeker Oye and Stability' will be published, then you can get married immediately from a home near you, you should understand it carefully, all the parents are there and  Those whose age is above 40, okay, tell me with your eyes, whoever is 45, their entire life is spent in two things - class, company, in buying a good car, and its support in buying a house, pregnant, yes, this is it.  So what have you done till date, tell me what good growth, job, marriage, poor children, all that has happened but what is there to show, there are many people who do not own the house even at the age of 45, I am doing well, so if you In the beginning, we will give a house and a car in it and it will belong to both the boy and the girl. So what is there above the system that I have made, then whatever we do, the girl's job is worth Rs 40,50,000, her wife's brother is worth Rs 40-50, lakhs of rupees.  The match is done without cash, without tax, without loan and if you teach them how to cook, learn to cook your own shells, if you get married then you will have to learn it, then it is a lot, but then you will not have to spend it in four-five days.  There is no need to spend ₹ 2 on a wedding. ₹ 2 is an exaggeration, then there is no need to spend more than 45 lakh rupees. If you organized a function like your favourite, you need a photo for me. Okay, only he is sitting on such a seat.  Photo Pulled and he said, 'Allah, ok then it's okay, so you will have to do this, no one is helping you, you are spending Rs 40 lakhs, whatever you see, guaranteed office job is only when you get into IT, now apart from that, wherever you can spend money and spend money.  And spend on good education, it does not guarantee you 25000 useful job and to get a government job you do not need to be in any so called great college, you should also graduate with a degree.  He also has to clear his competitive exam. Parents, don't know anything, okay, so I will make a video on all my landscape change and education. Okay, I will explain the speed thing very well. The video was made in bursts so that what is and handsome till Paris.  Most of the next generation does not want to and you see this, if the child who is getting 40 promotional jobs is not getting a job worth two and a half lakhs and the policy every month. Commission's report is that 10 lakh people are coming to the market for ringtones, job market is available till the streets, everyone is not getting it. In this note, these issues, the question is, how many are there, I am such an employer, how much choice do I have, if I have such a regular supply.  If it continues to be available and so many people keep coming, the salaries will not increase much and the system of that generation is such that one generation uses S8 phone and the next generation is coming, the fight is going on.  I know many people from Haryana who keep buying property in their small town. My father had a house in Fatehabad, I took a plot, then I took a shop in Fatehabad, then I was a resident of Narnaul, now they do.  As for that child, he doesn't have a job there, then he will be at the top, he will be angry and will keep raising his head, here someone is doing it like this, he is not getting the mathematics himself, people of Haryana, listen carefully to your children if they do not get a government job. neither job  Which one will do in Gurgaon? It is a different matter that panic and his sports ability and brain IQ will be available from 30 thousand to 1.5 lakh rupees. Talk about starting, I am fine, you will get it easily, why not less than 30. You can do anything here, these people who go to deliver, earn Rs 3540 at a time, by the way he asked that the salary is Rs 12-15 and he gets Rs 35-35 in delivery.  After reading it, this is all they have to work for these three-four hours, so that has to happen, you have to put a label on it in the admin as well, put a label above it and give me a job, give me two jobs, it is time to give me stability and learn the job.  Don't do different things, he will do different things and he will come and do the work only then you will know what other work he can do, he will just sit and prepare for the paper, otherwise he has become the same after 30 years and even in 30 years, he got cleared last time.  it was the next time  Mains passed and did not get cleared that next time, there are many such things, there are many such things, it is okay that no guarantee is being given, it is being given, the government is preparing for the whole of India because there is stability of jobs, why because it is all annihilation.  Correction in the marriage market. I will change this hot process. I am a person who has a lot of knowledge about marriage in the marriage market. Marital council can be a lot of drinking. This is Sara's offering in the marriage market.  Sara, what demands do girls have from girls and boys dance on their fingers like this, the ring on their little finger is so thick that brother, if I do n't have this then I won't get married, it's okay for all boys to get married in the future, now I feel like doing it.  There will be a lot of girls, I don't feel like marriage trees, nowadays everyone likes boys, that's why there is this anger, that's why I am telling you, and boys, this is also a message for girls, that if you have a girl then please go with her too.  I have to struggle by doing this  There is something to be done, please buy a house for the girl and without it, there are one and a half dozen names in her name, there are names in the girl's name, there are names in the boy's name, you will also be in trouble, but you have taken it as if you are a car, poor people themselves and  There is something like sharing about your son and in that you can go there and help him. I especially see that people in government jobs are moving towards the left side and then she can't remain a wife with the child so as not to come as a criminal. according to your status  Whatever comes in your budget in a big city, you should understand that you can buy it now, in one and a half years, enterprises will become like this, if this is not given, then instead of investing your investment in commercial or investing it somewhere else, So, for the peace of your life, there is a send requirement on the section, that is, if you become like this, no, who bought it for us? Hey, when you were looking for a job, one drop of yours also goes a little wrong, then I ask you where you have to make the rounds.  Okay, there are many who after becoming IAS, they could ultimately become teachers in schools because this is the world, friends and also right. Okay, so you know at that time, how much competition did a person earn, how many jobs were there, there were more jobs. Okay, there is a lot of use market on this.  Will you do research in Baby members according to which they say that diet generation is this Handset Sandal Even at your place, people who were born in 1617 or early date, calories in it, this fat  I will speak in bold, 1617 people, they are holding maximum message today and at 9:00 am, the parents are fine, so on top of that, I will tell you what to do next and according to what, today's message is very clear, I will tell you after sunrise, you have a child looks like.  2016 In the midst of this discussion, buy a house for him and give him the stability of the city, he will do it, it is not your worry, what will people do with the house.  Will not give but tension is there if it is a child then there is gender so tension has to be taken, what will happen brother, what to do brother sir, I have given you the house, it is yours, I have taught you that if you have given it then you were ready to do whatever has to be done, then you have come to do it and whatever. Will do 30,000 to 35,000, minimum will get forty-fifty, ok, use 40-50, both of them together implement their idea and do more work for 140-50.  Work for 16 hours, 15 hours a day, your money will start coming. 20 You have paid the rent in Paris, you are saving only after knowing that you are not going to go, SIP in mutual fund is stuck, Renu is crushed, after that, do your work, 5 years job, speed, you have done the job for 5 years and  If you buy five for marriage from a girl, she is also a working girl, then it will be yours in 10 years, then in 5 years, if you have gone ahead of the other, then there are two things: hold the house and marry the working girl.  say thank you thank you