Hello friends, do you want to become a millionaire, tell me the dowry, yes or no, so many videos, you will become a millionaire on the 35th, so many, you will become so, you put a message, you put the formula here, you do it like this, no, this war is misleading, unfortunately there were  Youth also goes like this, they get great motivation by watching happy videos. The video I bring is a very deep video, it has astrology as well, logic in it, career and money too.  Is it a grassroots leader's knowledge that Hot Relief Works please watch it completely, you people and if you can put it in the comparison of those videos, then put it in David vs Ola app, okay now who is different to David Khola, million million subscribers, that's enough.  The presentation is done well, Excel is shown, the editing is good, the presentation is also good, the speaker is also good but whatever is being said is nonsense, record ultimately it is not lead.  Into something it's something lacking, if you set up fennel every morning, you eat it, you push it up, then you will do this, your muscles will become this brother, there is no one else, by doing this, it will go like this, it is fine and the plus which crushes the market.  If there is then the heartbeat increases No, don't remain a city market, remain long-term and become long-term Lord Gautam voided If I have to buy a car Mahesh, then something will have to be demolished, this edifice.  You will have to take a loan or you will have to take a loan from your father or you will have to withdraw money from the share market, mutual funds because people say that if you want to earn money you have to invest it somewhere, we have already invested it, okay, so what is the biggest problem, to withdraw the invested money. So it will have to be done because then I have to buy things. Okay, so in this, I am going to give advance for career as well. I am going to give advance for all four astrology also. Golden changes are 3652, I have mentioned them earlier also, okay.  And through this video, I am telling all the youngsters, the children of 17 to 18 years of age, their parents, that my audience product is very big, it is okay, they have 2036 million tab screens, if you do not find my words sexy, then I am presenting.  No one brings my background music, no one comes with message do style, okay then you don't appeal to that, okay and this is the same old knowledge, so it used to be given sitting under a tree, like this Used to be known and which is given only then, if you understand while watching the slides that your brain is lovely, take it, nothing is going to happen to you anyway, if you try the calculations then you understand that you can do phase.  You can do 100, plus or minus cannot be there. Hussain, I don't know how to calculate that if the money goes at 12% then it will double in this year, if you are twenty or twenty-five years old, because you do not know this and this is telling you something and you  I am having fun in this, however, you are not going to get any bread, I am telling you that I have knowledge of astrology for 36 years. The page setup gets activated. After the activation of Satin, we come to know in life what we want in likes. Whatever we like, I will know what I want at thirty-six, so I just say, Brother, what should I do because what are people doing these days, whatever my child likes, which is his fashion, which is this.  to do  Should the child be a bawlibuch type, they don't know everything, twist their ears, teach them to speak, do anything, phone 28, preparation for 30 years, the second thing in the career, broad people, getting strong, thinking that one way will work, 22  People in the year, on this day, this is the sign of the cross, work force and subscribe, 560 likes, subscribe and last increase by 68 everyday, okay and it falls  So that is the illusion that they have to work till 75, so if they work for 7 to 8 years then they will study to work for 7 to 8 years, do single courses and justice mn careers and those are over and now the technology has to progress further which was five years ago.  There was no work, now how many have come to find a new job, how can you prepare your kids and how can somebody do something, who has not come yet, so he drowns this too Flexible and I hope you will earn in machine and you have to learn machine. It is said that do not run after degree. In India people run after degree so that they can live and learn some things on technology. Are you not an engineer? So get this done.  So how can he speak, I can speak, then astrology speaks to him, Bal Vidya Mandir, he has a speech degree degree, you know, oh brother, it's warden time, if you have to open someone's stomach, then you need a doctor's degree because the law will not allow you to do so, okay you?  If you have to open your mouth in the court, then you need a lawyer's degree. You need someone to file huge GST returns, although you can fill some for this, then you need other wise, mostly you can do anything and apply in your life, what is the right food to eat.  Yes, to know what one does not have to become a dietitian, I understood that sixty percent of anything you can know in one month about many things, the topic for which mother works in this subjective medicine. Now you ca n't do anything except others, you can cure yourself but 60% in one month and 80% in six months, it takes 4 years to get a degree from 80 to 100%, it takes your life, that's not necessary even if 60  You will take it, you will start getting 360 degree perspective, then time in the phone, August Shakti, you have crossed 36 years of ignorance, write in the comment section, they will remember, it is only at 36 that your own brain starts working.  First, father, mother-in-law, father-in-law appear, friends, what is this world doing, it has a big impact till the age of 36, man comes after 36, this is the time for me, I have to do this, then only the man who has done something in 2036 will be able to do it at 36. He has a good experience of 14 years and if nothing else he will talk to people about some jobs. Now I tell people to take whatever job they get because you have to know how to get up on time.  You will get prepared, you will know how to talk to people, you will know how to earn money, you will also have confidence, when money comes, you will also know how to invest, this injury is okay, isn't it 2233 years old, so much work is needed to earn money and experience meeting people  That you are going to be out of the house for 15 to 16 hours, that Lord, this Honey Singh, I don't know if he is going to get a job in the country immediately, then it feels good when I hear that the boy has gone for those four hours, sitting in the library.  He works for 2 hours, he works for 2 hours, he thinks and studies for an hour, then you, yes, then this is not considered the work of BJP, in India, this kind of work is not considered to be the work of the BJP, so this work will work, if it insults us, then this work will work, what story check?  Do this till date I have not understood in India 15 hours can be done in different states and you will work more you will meet people more experience you will have so why should they minimum 366 with your money  Whether you have a lot of money in your bank account or not, there will be a lot of experience in your experience account, then at that time you will be 24 years old and listen to me or 30 years old listen to me Rock the Moment 366 and then at that time the situation will be  And the opportunities that will be available to you will be very high for you to graph, this thing will make you see that many children are preparing for jobs for 2869 years because they want jobs in the group so that they  Be it dowry or some such system and choice, many people are engaged in this affair. On the 36th Golden Get Up, your life will open up, you have to see if it is in life, then the golden age is thirty-six, this is you. 14 years, you don't have to waste your time at all, you have to do the work of many people, I will be able to tell you what I am, I want to be something, as long as you want to be something, in this time you will never Dual, this is the remedy to  Make Good Money And Have To Express His Kids If Someone Asks A 21 Year Old Because Of This Asks What Will He Do Then What Will He Become His Answer Is To Earn Money And Send Me A Message I Can Do Anything People Want To Subscribe Doctor  So you will work as a doctor because if your parents do not have a hospital and you have to work in a hospital, then how much is the salary, how much is the salary of a government doctor and how much work is done and nothing else can be done.  And that is that now if you put so much in it, then it becomes difficult for you to shift to many careers. According to me, in today's time, people who are taking PCM too much, I feel that Jaswant Singh and Ravi in ​​the past have got everything.  Taking Vikas, what happens when you become a fool, stop being with me, now someone declares himself a fool, after doing something, every person goes to the safety number, my uncle's son took it, my uncle's son took it, his friend took it, my boss took it.  For this, a boy of my year, a girl took it, my son took it, his also has nothing to do with it, neither did I, an idiot, not clear it, nobody wants that he took it, he took it, my child took something different, and some of theirs came out, and my  Even if it turns out to be one, she will say to me that you are a stupid father, okay, if someone 's child accepts it as real, then now people will say, well, it must have been one, it is said that if all of them take eight, then only something else can be made.  Is  And these eight commerce and this PCM and this science and these non-medical are making the earthquake compartmentalized in the medical itself. A human being can do anything. There are 12 things in which an engineer is able to walk. Let the people of the engineer tell you that there are as many as 99 standup comedians and comedians.  % Engineering is the comedy of engineering and soon from within you understand that you can do anything, you can add 68 different things, you can do even small things, you can do such things that  5000 from someone that we are with someone or see someone from someone and who can use you multiple times less which person will do good on behalf of multiple because in one job one admission they will make you 1999 and when you are 36 years old  Period will hit you, when you will know what to do, then you will not know anything else. There will be nice princesses and you will have given up on yourself, but now people will say, I want this soil, tell me if.  The child should start coming before the age of 21 to 22 years and work for 15 hours in India and invest well and get married at the age of 27-28, live with the parents for 16 years and invest this money well and marry a working girl.  Get married, which is very much yourself, something like this, great, two and a half, four or five people, not a job, but has a similar spirit, okay, life will take you, you never know where, but what do people do, the marriage market boils.  The marriage market is dictating, the job has to be done because in the marriage market, even the father-in-law and son-in-law do the same. Do we need table income? We, our girls, should do something. Our girls have raised themselves to do what they have to do. On information, you are under the wings by dipping them.  On the 31st, that SMS comes, the bank's husband discredits it, the people who want it, Meghnad, the one who is running after it, we will take it in time, the demand in the marriage market will reduce, it will be done by someone else. Ultimately subscribe decides whether to do this but if changes like market are required then it is confirmed every two years in the job that this kind of disgusting daughter type thing is always required, this model is fine like it is not in 5 years  Will be only third in the place, value of government job will also fall, acting will also fall, when 5019 will be mixed then government job will be very very ordinary people will be. Subscribe that some people will be very aspirational, that is in America because what is shown a lot in government jobs is question mafia for preparation, is n't it such a big system worth 25-40 thousand crores which prepares you for the job.  Even today people should vote, it is better than a government servant, 15 is also a government exam, learn the format in two weeks and become one to teach it, you will earn more money, this is what Bajirao said.  Ravi and the number of Redmis, all this is fine, do you know how many days it takes to delete the YouTube channel? The average teacher who is a golden high-tech painting mode on inverter government employee will never lose likes and his chances of becoming a point one percent are also  No, the number of children who come to them, if 500 children are coming to them then 520 but this is what you also know, it is okay but given the running evening, you have to ask for selection, they will teach you with your hard work, your money, but this  So you are the fool who is preparing this amazing thing, then understand and keep experiencing, you will know that refill will work only when you turn 36, okay, you will be thirty-six, only then will you know whether your heart asks, till then you will like it.  You can stay anywhere, it will take you, but it will seem as if people spent 9 years in preparation, worked for 30 years and found out at 36 that you have not prepared for this, so much cheating and laziness.  Yoga takes 33. Passed the exam in 16 attempts. Did it in 5th. Don't waste your life. This is the message to send. Do n't waste your time in tennis. If you can't earn money after 12th, then what magic will graduation do in 3 years?  You will start earning from Delhi University College. The enemy is built into another great inner self and spoke person earning money experience notification Vikrami Samvat.  What is there in Vikrami Samvat, like for me, we have one and a half hour, if we hate, then it will take so much time to explain, the next one has one and a half hour, then he should sit and then I will tell him that I do so much work, I cannot explain with all my understanding.  Have you enjoyed life now, what do you want to do, if you want to know in this direction, then write in the comment section, if you are interested in this type of thing, have taken a module, webinar, I want to design something, God tune people job, what can be done, do it or not.  It is a different matter and you do not spend much money on anything and the money you are giving in coaching is one in lakhs, it is better than doing something in the funds and you can do much better practice by mistakenly adding education is important given this man woman in  India has not been a potter full learning is very important from where you want to thank you