Hello friends, today's topic will be about real estate, a product which has not yet come, may be coming, it is being prepared but we will discuss it in the beginning, you can call it Senior Citizen Homes, Deliberation, Old Age Homes, I will not call it.  I am not using Deliberation Old Age Homes because there is one negative thing with the old age homes that if someone from the government is running and the children have left their parents, then I am not using the Deliberation Old Age Homes. You can say that you are a senior citizen.  Can, assist living can use words like this and this is something which will be expensive and there will be facilities and that means it is like it is not that government one basically otherwise remove it from your mind. A few days ago there was a  Which big company of real estate approached me for a consultation? We talked in great detail about this product and what I told them, the same meaning, it was a long discussion but through this video. I will tell you the general opinion which was my opinion, that company had of course paid consultation, okay that company will take it into consideration but I am telling in which direction we are going today in 2022, this product is ahead of schedule today  Also the parents who are getting old are like in 60 right now and they will lift in 90 right they may not be ready for such a product  Ideally they should be but definitely people who are in 40 today when they get in to their 60 this will be very prevent this will be very prevent okay so I told them they have to choose a place which appeals to a larger audience that is  Something What I've Told Because Their Basic Thing The Climate Should Be Conducive It  Should not be extremely cold and extremely hot, it is okay because it is a problem in itself, so there are many cities whose names we discussed, today I am going to tell you the names of those cities around Dehradun. Area So It May Not Be Necessarily Offcourse Next to Hourly Curr It May Be Half an Hour Distance Okay Second One That Came Up in Discussion Exact Location Coordinates Company Location That Of Course You Understand Will Not Be Given Okay, Pune was another favorite because both these places appeal to the government employees who live here a lot or have ever lived there. They are neutral places, laid back places, quiet places, aren't they? Again it is a dozen from Pune which means it is not on MG Road or in Deccan or inside Viman Nagar or inside Hinje Wadi Again half NR and so distance  From that but the consideration that I told and that you that you guys listen I said that if you set up a scheme that he buys the flat there the apartment is now what is the inheritance value of it that that thing now you once your parents are not there  What Will Happen at Some Point of Time What Do You Do with That Property Do You Yourself Go to Parents 95  Now I am 70, so I am ready, meaning that is one aspect of seeing, the second is that parents today, they want to stay in places where their relatives are there, their friends are there and that is the city. Identification is a very good place because this place which is earmarked and the locations are very wonderful places but I also went to one of the places like I told previously.  When I went to Dehradun in the videos, I definitely have fun there but I don't feel like it. You understand, having fun and feeling engaged, because what is fun? It is fun, just like you enjoy watching a movie, so you do n't sit in the cinema hall the whole time.  You may enjoy eating food, so you cannot sit in a restaurant all the time. You may enjoy driving a car, but you may not feel like going there. You understand that because of the people who will be there, you will identify with them, you will say. no we will become friends again  It will be made, it is not like that because it is not like that people from a particular caste creed community will come or there is a particular community, I told all this because right now the product is good but it is for all of you to discuss that you belong to North.  India and the particular community, the particular thought process, there are a lot of variations in India too, so now let's look at the food there, you see, every type of food is being prepared there, but still How do you fit in so much you know variety of people in a place that is one second is as far as medical facility was concerned, they said doctor on call and all this so what I was I told them I said look at the level of making these brochures  It is okay that he is a doctor but what do those doctors say? Your super specialist is not a doctor with the facility of a hospital. It is okay that a hospital is a hospital. A doctor in itself is nothing like a car.  If you take the example of a mechanic, the car mechanic also has to take the car to the workshop. If you have some small element, he will tighten the nut boldly. Same is the case with the doctor too. If there is some small work, he will do it, but if he has to  The machinery that is required is available where it is like operating a proper hospital with overhead costs. Ok, so where is the nearest hospital? Many people are undergoing treatment from clinics.  There will be all types of diseases, there will be oncology, there will be cardiology, you will have this bone department, you will need physiotherapy, so I also said that you cannot do this superficially, I said at the end of the day, taking care of yourself is a big thing. Googling Rat Care Rat Care is that extreme old age which is a disease in itself means there is no disease in it means there will be diseases now some have dialysis some have this type  If some work has to be done then I said that then the expenses will increase which I said the rate at which you are charging is not a thing and then some time you will realize that if someone is in a big city then brother a hospital will be there. This one is better for one thing, the other one is better for that thing, you got access to everything, okay, if you can't provide, then it means you are basically a complication of assisted living. Big hospital, you are not opening.  That's because his expenses increase a lot then let them release this fact that yes it may appeal in your 60 and 70 but when actually the condition is worse then they are also not able to support then I said what is the benefit then 60 70 Even in a big city, a man has to pass his time. When the real time will come, the time of reckoning will come, help will be needed, okay then you also raise your hands.  If you go away then even at that time the children will have to come and do everything because look what is old age, you can be 82 years and you can live till 95 13 years you require a lot of care now if you expect this care too.  Come from your next generation, no, they will have children, yes, they can't because there is a lot going on in their life, their children are getting married at that time.  They themselves are getting old, so they cannot do that physically for you. Look at what I am telling you, I am telling this for the upper middle class, middle middle class audience, so only the children will do it, otherwise who will be there? Look then.  You belong to a different state of society, that is, if the children are dependent on your children, that is, the children do not do anything for you, then you say no, we will leave the property for them, then basically leave all this work. Since you will give you the property, they will serve you. You know that they will serve you after giving you the property. If there is greed then why will they take you for 95 years. You are thinking that they will be interested because greed is the reason. If you have property then if you live till 95 years then you will be 72 years old. Many women who have become mothers at the age of 20 years, 21 years and 22 years are the older ones.  If she is 95 then her son will be 75 years old. You understand my point, you have to put your mind to the fact that this product works in America but I cannot do it in India because there is a taboo with it because the parents have gone there because  Then the children will not be able to come to meet you actually, so you people have to make such preparations today itself. The message is that today itself, those who are going to be elderly or are there, have to make such preparations that their children are also well close to them.  Staying and they have the resources to go through their old age. Many people I know retire after 60 and they are so comfortable. I am getting Rs. 1 crore for retirement brother and some pension will come. Here the rent is very high.  What I want to tell you is to put some brains in, make some money from rental passive income and manage to do 60 to 70 things, so that's it.  That you've actually got enough money to last from 70 to 95. 602 No one is going to make 95, the way inflation is going, it's not going to happen and the person who retires at 60, his wife will be 55 and she  When he turns 90, his wife lives 5 years longer and is 5 years younger, so his wife is 10 years older. Jugaad has to be done and that is that you have worked for 30-35 years and after that you have to live for 30-35 years so it is not that figure. These days it seems very high that what are our expenses because at 60 you have no expenses but  Inflation because how much food will you eat? I am not so fond of traveling. If you are not buying any car of your own then it feels good when you will have to hire an attendant. I am telling all the audience here anywhere.  You will have to hire an attendant, otherwise brother, according to today's salary, it is minimum of Rs 202000 and in the future it will be Rs 50,60,70,80,000 and your child will not be able to stand, either the child will give the money or you will give it.  It is okay to think that your daughter-in-law will stand up, or your son will stand up, or your grandson, or the dhoti, is not possible, yes, it is definitely their moral right.  We will have to arrange this system for you now and give with your money, give with your money, sell something of yours because a stage comes, just visualize that you are going to be 80 and your wealth is not even able to handle your checks.  You don't even have to sign, you have to be dependent to withdraw money from the bank, you also have to think about these things for someone, so when you go away, then who is catering for you there, how is he doing it, this is also a fact.  today's  Day I don't see this product that was my final verdict ok what I gave to them because I found many issues in it, there are psychological issues because like I told you in the beginning that this is not old age home, people use it. No, he has gone to the old age home, he has bought it himself and he is living like a five star hotel, but that means he is living alone in his 60s and 70s.  There is no cure and no amount of five star facilities can cover up the relief you get after seeing the faces of your own blood relatives and those who say that they are your next kin and your immediate blood members. Beyond that, he also said firmly that many people are NRIs, their children have gone, they are NRIs and their parents have stayed here, now at such an old age they cannot go to that country anyway, among the cold people.  No, their mind can be a good product for them but if the number crunching of its quantity is done then you guys tell through this video how many such people are there who are now interested because this is real data real people are there  And connected with me so may be what I am saying is too many people and may be my opinion may change ok but I am saying this immediately so people who  Tell those whose parents are fine at 70, they will go to 80. If they have to do asset restructuring, if they have to come to you, if they have to leave a small town, then they will have to do all that by going to a small town. No child from a big city will come to serve you because service.  No, this old age is a big disease in itself for 10, 12, 14 years and it will continue and it is like this, now many people say many times, hey, parents have also brought up their children while raising their parents' children.  And there is a big difference in the way parents raise children. When parents raise children, the children do not have any other opportunity because they are small babies, they are born, and every passing day they include the parents in their child.  Some improvement is visible, within 10 months he started walking, then started talking, then started eating on his own, he is getting better, then he is standing and growth is visible, it is ok and he is enjoying, it is a stage.  Then the child comes on your shoulder and then becomes bigger than you and that is a very good feeling, okay plus in this whole process, when the child does not listen to you, you can pull his ears or even scold him, okay I will.  Don't use the word you can beat, you shouldn't and I think parents don't these days but the fact is that you have a lot of control over the child. On the parents, on the old parents, on their own stupidity, rudeness or stubbornness. What are you doing, father? Or take your medicine like this? If you do even this, then it becomes a very touchy subject. Brother, you are insulting us, not serving us.  This means this is again touch this thing, so what is that and one more thing is also important which are the parents today, who were their parents in the 60s and 70s.  So because the life span was not that much, they did not live till that age, otherwise they saw that 15-20 years of old age of their parents, that is one and whoever else saw it, in the cases where they saw it, the social status and monetary status of the parent there was quite low.  If she was a parent, she was dependent and she got food, she got some of her clothes, she could talk politely, if she was a mother-in-law, then her daughter-in-law would like her daughter.  We used to go together, that transaction was done, that old man was satisfied that even today, due to the transaction you made for me, he was getting married, gave Kanyadaan, gave it to his daughter, gave it to my daughter, gave it to me, that old man.  It is okay to be satisfied but nowadays their social status is good and today's children are not that good yet, so these people are today in their age of 60 and early 70.  Not Extremely Poor People Depend On They Hack The Shots They Get Their Money In The Bank So Their Level Is There But Now They Have To Start Using Their Money For Their Comforts And To Sustain Them Sales Now Here In A Particular Level  Even if money is not spent and someone leaves his business and work and sits here, that is not going to happen and that is also a reason for indifference.  It is going to happen that in this, whose boys are whose girls, whose girls are girls, whose boys are girls, whose boys are girls, who have a boy, who also plays this role a lot, but that video is for another day, today only this was to be told, this product was to be told that  This product is such that it should definitely be discussed to hear where you will live. According to me, what I do in this is that these should be made in big cities only instead of being made far away. If the learning in making these is not practical then it is not practical.  For example if  If such a society is built in Gurgaon itself then it would be beneficial because in the city of Gurgaon, you have the advantage of having a default setting that when you call, food items arrive, any medicine comes, such a facility will come at a cost in going to another place. High cost which will come naturally and chances of your children landing upon airport in t3 and riching you in 15 20 minutes are very high rather than going left At some point of time even in old age you like to go to village and you like to go to meet someone in that relevant group of 100 to 200 to 300 km of kinship you don't want to go to some 800  They are living there kilometers away, just like in the ashram, neither is that another aspect, these are some points which I  Wanted to bring What is your take on this please write in the comment section This is something guess we have to think about it I feel this is what I call senior citizen friendly homes will have to be built where there is proper support railing inside the bathroom with anti skid tiles.  Actually this will not work, you will have to apply such a thing that it will be very normal for an elderly person to break a hip bone at this age.  We have seen a lot of people in their 80's breaking their hip bone, it becomes brittle and the balance of the body gets disturbed, so now we have to build such houses where the elderly can live like this, it is okay, then now they are probably on the balcony of the 20th floor.  They feel issues while sitting, feel dizzy, can't stand. The poor guy who has balance issues will not go on the 25th floor out of fear. It is okay for him to come down and go out. So the considerations are like this.  Talks on products are starting. I am currently in talks about some such projects and products at the Gurgaon level. Where did it become this thing? And one more thing, I want to say that as a pure senior citizen, he is also against that.  Because I am actually a senior citizen, how dejected and with old age and sorrow and pain, they all become the same, then there is no taste there, there is too much.  Negative energy comes and comes somewhere, there are screams, children are shouting, young people are roaming around, he has one of his own, so I always believe in the mixed one, that there are vehicles for handicap like us, in Rams and malls, something like this.  If we are starting to facilitate, then I feel that we will have to do this amalgamation within our new projects and we will have to think about the Bhuj because Indian.  Population today is young but 25 years later will be aging population from late 20 to 45, only after 2040 we will have a lot of elderly. If today the elderly appear to be at 7, 8, 10 only, after a particular age then they will  Become like at 25, at 30, the houses which are being built today, if they are being built for many years, then these  Which aspects are also important when you buy properties today because you are also going to become old and suppose you are 50 years old you are buying a property then you are going to become 90 years old also so yes there are some properties like this in Gurgaon where  These are all the aspects plus if you want to take this very extreme i.e. middle of nowhere thing then you should also avoid it if you  They are taking the decision in 60, 65, 70 because I tell them that till the time your place becomes bright, you will not understand that it will take so much time to become bright, so my suggestion to these people is that brother, you should stay at a place where Everything That Ecosystem Is There in Your Calling Distance You Can't Be Waiting at 70 Years for the Next 15 Years for Some Ecosystem  To come, that is another consideration, okay, so there is something like this, whatever we should do, okay, Kodai Canal was another city, there were five or six cities, I just came up with the names of three, a particular place, the discussion was going on at a very advanced stage.  Okay, so what I have put in, now they have an element of doubt, they will again do there go back to the drawing board and take the inputs because someone has to play the  Devil's Advocate Because I Practically Proved It To Them That When It Really Matters That Person In Indian Setting Will Not Stay Their Indian Kids Are Still Not That Emotion Less Even After Sending And We Are Not Even Seeing It's Not Like Our Kids Right Now  This is also a generation, this much has not happened yet, it is okay, it may happen in the future, I do n't know in 20 years, but today is not today, today is not the day, okay, that's it.  Bolta hai na wa Top Gun ke inner hai dialogue hai how nut theek hai kind yer kind yno headed for extension kahta me b sir but not today so my verdict on this it is going to be late in the future b not today sir not today today is  Not the time is fine so now is not that's what I told them yes they can work may be sometimes what happens is people find cheap land somewhere outside now  There is a story to be told about that cheap land, I told them this also, okay, I said, listen, I got the cheap land, it is far from the city, so a normal person will live there, otherwise the story is good, but I am the number one real estate clarity giver, okay.  So I know that the story is good, it can be told by listening, it is better to make something there, you will get peace, friend, at 85 years of age, not 80 years of age, 75 years, go and ask anyone.  Go and ask anyone, you will not have to go very far to find the elders in your India. Ask anyone, he wants peace and he will say, what son, what do you want, peace, uncle ji, papa ji, you want peace, you have peace, peace is mine.  What is needed is action, what is needed is peace. Those of you who have had hashish and ganja in your life in your 30s and 40s, are not getting along in your life these days. You people need peace, so you feel that since you need peace so much today, you  70  If I too want peace, then you are preparing to go to a place of peace. Many people tell me that you will settle in the mountains. Oh yes, you will not stay in the mountains even for 15 days. Okay, you will know after going there. You will have to get some X-rays done every month.  or any report has to be taken or any checkup is going on or any therapy is going on or something else is happening then it is better to be in a place where everything can be found easily because within 40, within 30.  Decisions cannot be taken at 60 because what kind of mind will be there at 60. You don't know I am giving the hint it is going to be like this and if you are feeling something like this then please someone.  Please go to the elderly and write in the comment section, I talk to my father, my grandfather, anyone and I ask, how much peace do you want? Pictures are not shown. An old man doesn't speak. Why shouldn't he want? He wants everything, he doesn't want peace. Brother, okay, then please check. Please check what ever I am saying. If it is okay, and if it is what I am saying, then write in the finding.  Give what you said absolutely right or write I checked with 12 elders and all 12 of them are in need of peace and they wanted to leave the place and they wanted to Go to some mountain and settle there, it is okay to write like this and ask people, it could be your father, it could be your father-in-law, your very young ones could be their grandparents, it could be their grandparents, ask them what do you need, make some arrangements, they will say your brother.  We are right where we are right, that is my findings and I meet a lot of people, a lot of people are in touch with me, so I told mine, you guys also tell me. Crowd funding of information.  This is crowd sourcing of information. You guys also tell and you will get the finding. Okay please share this video with people because many people were asking questions on this. Please share it in or on your groups. If you have not subscribed to the channel yet.  If yes then please do so and please press the bell icon for notification and like the video if you get good likes then make detailed videos like this because this is a big issue so please make detailed videos.  If I had to cover this aspect, it is a very important issue because of the lot of people thinking on these lines that if you had done your work there, you would have done peace here, no one wants peace. Thank you very much.