Hello friends, this is a very interesting topic. Seven mind sets about money which you need to change. I will tell you one by one about 7 mind sets which you need to change and I will also tell you very good mantras which you people know but do not follow. 99.99% everyone must have heard it but I will repeat it and you will enjoy it, this is the video that will make your life a prawn, first mind is set, most of the middle class are green, rich and  Poor people do not have this mindset, first the mind is set, money is not everything, so on top of this I want to tell you, Manish note everything, what is everything, health, everything is relationship, promotion, everything is job, everything what is everything, Manish note everything but everything requires money, money promotion.  Why do we need respect ultimately? Why do we need peace, it will come up in the air on its own. Tell me okay but everything requires money you tell me witch country these requirements okay now let's go ahead seconds first let's go a little second [Music] So I have two things on this Lord of Money ten notes  Guaranteed Happiness But if I don't get happiness through money then I will become poor then I will get another thing which I would like to tell people and this is what I have done in Connect Happiness Course by becoming a platinum member and  You can see that those who want to become in the Happiness Course, those who have made it, have got perspective. The third thing, money, will give you clouds, Money Bill, Change you, Bill Wickham, Arrogant, due to the arrival of money, his mind has become like this. It is said that this is the third mind set, brother, money.  It is said that money is nothing but an amplifier, he is a religious man, he does charity, he is a good person, he has a lot of money, now he is bigger and bigger.  will donate and  Will feed people, earlier used to give a lot of money to 10 people. If one goes, he will feed 100. If he goes too much, he will feed a thousand. The one who was fond of cars, was fond of bikes, was he buying Yamaha etc. or was it your Bajaj late or Enfield late?  1.5 lakhs is a lot of money then Harley Davidson changed your money into an amplifier IF YOU ARE AN IDIOT IT BILL MAKES YOU BIGGER Idiot IF YOU ARE PAIN IN SOMEBODY LIFE AROUND WITHOUT PAIN MONEY IT IS NOTHING IT IS BILL JUST AMPLIFIER WHAT WAS IT WHEN THE AMPLIFIER HAS BEEN DONE WE FEEL IT HAS CHANGED NO IT WAS THIS IT IS LIKE A BALLON IS NOT HAVA IT IS SO SO MUCH  The balloon was not visible. When it got filled with a lot of air, you saw that Happy Birthday was written on the top of the balloon. So, when Happy Birthday was written on the balloon, a little  Even if I blow, I cannot see 'Happy Birthday' written on it, but when it blows a lot of air, it becomes clearly visible to us. ' Happy Birthday' is formed. This is how we all are human beings. Now the balloon is small. Look, no one will explain it like this with an example. No one changes, everyone remains the same, it doesn't happen, it's okay, we just become big, that's what happens, Chauth paisa gives stress, there is stress in earning money, when paisa paisa goes, he gets stressed, paisa paisa first.  He used to earn so much money, now he has started earning a lot but now he has a problem or he is irritable, he has got a BP problem, money has given him stress, it is said that the mind is set in this, understand money country note gives stress to you.  Are Earning Money The Way You Are Earning Money Is Giving Stress Your job or your way to reduce it is giving stress. Money in itself does not give any stress. There are many people who earn their income in different ways.  We earn, we invest in money, we earn income, we move forward in life, then its running, that is how you are working, money is coming from it, so don't blame the money for anything, how is that earning going on in it, you are like that.  How is it happening, date is very important, the next fifth belief system which you must have heard, in the song, it is money that keeps you away from your loved ones, okay, you must have heard such songs, okay, silver wall was broken.  Has the rich man's daughter given up the oppression of the poor? Is it okay to sing something like this? So it has always been made in this way. You don't even have to watch any old songs like watch paisa paisa karti hai paisa pe kyun marti hai meaning show it by derogatory.  It's gone, it's okay, no gold, no silver, so you got it, love me, it's okay, Bengali car, don't ask for diamonds, pearls, give love in return, people are shown in such a way that I am a woman, actually the middle class will get this money, otherwise this will happen. Yours will go away just because we have ours because we are poor, that is, think for yourself, friend, that is how much hypocrisy we have. People are attracted to you because you do not consider money important, it is because you do not have money. Is it like this in actual real life?  I will tell you Cho.  A person is away from money when incompetence has become your handle. There is another reason in this, it is not a matter of big importance. You had this friend circle, they had different capabilities, you had one capability. If you reach here and go to earn money, then you have to go away from it.  This is a natural course because now their circle, their thought process and yours will be different, this is the success, you don't have to talk big to get rid of it. Look at Krishna Sudama ji's love for him.  Do it, but this does not mean that now my friend has become poor, I cannot sit on Hasan from now on, he will come, you have to respect him, but you cannot sit with him now, you have to understand that it was a Mahendra Singh Dhoni picture. In the picture of Mahendra Singh Dhoni, he became the superstar captain cricketer, so the one who helped him from there, now I cannot sit with him because he has to play, he has to roam in another circle, good, not in the circle the day after tomorrow.  Maybe now he comes to the close ones, wife, parents, then who is taking away from the parents and wife, friend, he lives at home with everyone, you are getting rich, so what happens sometimes when someone's  Being rich can cause kid factor to flood the relatives but in a few circles, money is not taking away the thought process of the people, it is taking away the thought process of the people. Understand I am, I am impressing you a little on this point. Very good in future also.  is the point and  And the mantra that I am going to give is that it is okay to stay connected till then, so if you explain this point a little more, money is not taking you away, it may be your inability, you handle money, inability, you handle relationships, relationships, what happens sometimes.  There are many relationships, hence retirement is because you were tolerating a lot of nonsense and when the money comes, you lose the power to send nonsense. Remember, as you become rich in life and money comes, there is one thing in it.  is yours In life, when someone would come and harass you forcefully, your time would be wasted with words, your time would be wasted, it would not have happened because money would come there, money bajju time is fine, money bajju time, if you broom.  Asked, you were doing the utensils at home yourself and the money came, so now you outsource it, you used to drive the car yourself, the money goes, the driver will drive, then you can sit behind and talk on the mobile, you can do less business.  You can relax, you can think, you can listen to songs, you can do anything, the only difference is that it is not that you are moving away from someone else, if you are moving away from money, then those relationships were there.  But you have to check, if you are earning money through your hard work, then your time and Fox stories are being spent, only then the money is coming, is there no benefit when you will be away from your own people, see if you are away from your wife, children, parents and siblings.  If you are moving away then is there any panic?  It is a good thing if you are moving away from your mother, you, your wife, children, brothers and sisters, this is BJP, no one else, I have taken it, add your father-in-law as well, okay, add your wife's brothers and sisters too, okay, is n't it theirs?  Apart from this, if you are going away then it is not a problem. If you are going away, then analyze why it is happening, is it happening due to your mistake or is there some fault of theirs? Okay, so this is a factor. Next, let's move ahead. Chhath is very important.  This is also another mind set For the parents, if you give money to your children then the children will get spoiled, the children are set to have an easy middle class mother, it is okay, give them money, give them physical, who knows what they will do, this is a wrong mindset, money should be given to the children and it will increase the responsibility of the children.  Have accountability, you keep it and let them handle it. I have seen many times that children's accounts are not opened, their demat cards are not opened till the age of 18 years, they are given money on their own, how they are given very little money.  Of  Whatever expenses you spend, it is okay, if a family has spent ₹ 50000 per month, then give it to your child who has reached the age of 50 years and say, B, you do the bread, you do the eggs, do everything. They will know the rates of things, even the petrol, if you get lost in the car, get the servicing done, give the money for the insurance too, you let the child handle everything, it has given great strength to the child and the child gets realisation.  Where is this money going? Now why are you doing all this yourself? The vegetables will be brought by the same person, the order will be brought by the same person, the Jabang's, Flipkart's, Amazon's, whatever button you press, tell me, the medicine is fine, we will also order it.  Children handle money, don't get spoiled by giving money, friend, you have seen Mukesh Ambani's children, they are spoiled and Dhirubhai ji also gets so much, Mukesh has not got spoiled, friend, people are not spoiled like this, business can be done on taxes. Jain, don't pay tax, no one is spoiled by money, this is a big misconception, let's handle de money, give dem full money and expenses and that's your bank statement, put bank account in it, do it through Paytm, see your monthly statement.  You will also know your own expenses because you have other things being deducted, Amy is being deducted, sometimes something else is being deducted from the bank, so give it the maximum part of your monthly expenses.  I am a child, like this one, 18 years and about, is it okay or even before that, give it to the 16 year old and 15 year olds too, give it to them, ₹ 10000, 100, 100, 500, someone will come from outside with a career, if he comes, he will give the money to the maid.  If you give money to him, then you will know that it is made ₹ 5000, if caste is child, then child will be late, count de not late, till child get date full.  It will become very important and it will happen that people feel like son, you don't need anything, we are all doing it to give money to anyone, wherever money is given to whom, late date child no, late date child no key.  He puts it inside the ATM like this, then where to go to it, he has to press the screen like this, then he has to press P, then the money comes out by keying his account, you can also open accounts for children in which you can enroll your nominees.  The check book has come, their name comes, there is a bank account, then all the people above 18 years of age should be opened on the first day itself, okay then let them handle it, okay along with this thing, now I am going to tell that mantra of mine and I  After two minutes, okay, respect is gained from money, this is also a Brahman, you call it time, I was praising money till now, but respect is not gained from money, money is with many donkeys, ho you utilize and conduct.  Yourself and ho you owe him money and ho you are running money coast conduct bill give you bill note just get respect because you are carrying something like this in your sack those who are roaming around from the left written like this are not getting that kind of respect  Today also, I will tell you under the example of the people in Gurgaon who talk about condoms and those who talk about COCA army and cash flow people, whose  Salary is very bad, those people live in your sack, Delhiites are not able to afford it. If a builder floor of 7 crores is sold in Rajendra Nagar on the basis of story, then you get the money as per your wish, you do not put it in condom, you know the story is different.  You live because they say, you give that money, the family, today's 20-20 cricket, is roaming around with too much black, people do n't get respect because they can't show, can't tell, can't explain, so that's why it's not me at all.  As for those who are very rich, it is okay that they are not doing anything wrong, but the color portion of them is not the white one, it is a pity, so the one who has the same portion of debt, the one who has less, gets relative respect, this is what I want to tell you.  Even the very rich have committed messed up scams. They ran away with 11 11 12 thousand crores. Okay, so I am not talking about them. Okay, you are not that much, understand the point, how will you get respect now? Will you get respect?  Yes, this is your conductor, he was the one who ran away with his Kingfisher. Now he got 3456 times the amount of money he had earned. There are people in India who have been arrested, but his conduct was fine. I am not talking too much about names.  I am discussing but many of their houses were built in Noida. Okay, he is the seventh conductor. When we look at him, it is seen that he is a person with a normal body who does big pujas, a businessman, picks him up and such girls are the girls here.  Formula car here, alcohol, never did such a thing in anyone's face, normal life, things have gone wrong, business in this are like cardboard, go on bicycles and even today own things, they have a habit of paying their dues in between and are paying, good group.  It was a very good group once upon a time, now it is hard days but the government also recognizes the public but I do it, you don't do it, earned a lot of money but conduct is a big game and the same thing whose conduct was very good for them.  So he has grown bigger than that even in less time, I am trying to tell this, this was a very big thing, now the last thing that I had kept for all of you, see on the show, only one of the money, I agree, it is okay, Mani Lakshmi ji.  Okay, we all have done Lakshmi ji's Aarti on Diwali, everyone does it as well, you guys must have heard mom doing it, otherwise go and see it today, you have to Google it, it should be done in the evening, anyway, it is fine in that.  one line is all  Mother, don't be afraid, everything becomes possible, everything is welcome, everything is possible, and the mind is not this, having fair, this is what you need in the like, what else does everyone need, what else does everyone want, the nervousness goes away, this is all the nervousness, right, the money of life takes away. This is the nervousness in life, what will be the marks in the exam, what will be the marriage, what will happen behind it, inside line, money is a big think, I am telling you to get rid of the nervousness of many things. Have you ever met someone rich?  I have seen the father getting worried about how many marks his child will get in 12th. The rich man knows what to do, his child should study well, go to a good college, I have good values, but everyone is not worried, I knew what to do with Rishi Kapoor, 17 years old, 16  Year 17 years Spotify boy Spotboy What are you doing in his biography Sorry Autobiography Main to itna star meaning my father is like this and what am I doing How does it feel What does it feel Directly launched Bobby mein Direct spot  Directly from the voice, Manish, I am telling you with an example, I will make it better for you guys, no, they don't allow other people, if you open a shop then you love Coca-Cola, you can buy a lot of Pepsi here.  Okay, if my shop becomes a band, then was Dhananand waiting in it, meaning that it will easily become mine or Chandragupta Maurya went and did it like this, okay, then remember, I will make it on this also, what would you think, wouldn't it be a movie?  So, just like the next one gives diesel, I have given you a teaser so that everything becomes possible to make you rich and happy, mother, don't be afraid, say it twice a day, Puri, even if you can't speak, you ca n't even remember Puri, but  Remember this thing and say, whenever money is being criticized, if you criticize Lakshmi ji, she will never come. Don't criticize. If a note falls down, some coin falls on your feet, then this is how we do, this is ours.  color when we do like this  If there is a problem in speaking then why do we speak wrong, we can see it or if money falls by mistake then we do like this, but then why do we criticize money, if we don't have to criticize then we will have to criticize more and then no more will come.  And then you will remain only bread and then you will see that those who are not doing anything have money, then there will be bread in their name too, this has reduced, we are the only hardworking and intelligent ones, this has become the condition of the middle class, it is the easiest to fool this.  But the middle class cannot fool the poor, they know what they need, how they need what to do, you cannot fool the rich, that is why they are rich and the middle class is fooling itself, which is fooling itself. What is difficult in making it? I had made it in a video recently. A scam happened by starting a startup in Noida. Okay, we were organizing an event. You must have heard it in the news. Okay, so it is very easy and middle class because suddenly.  Their hypocrisy is fine, money is on the lips, it is not needed from within and those who know that they need it from within, they take advantage of this thing and they are cheated again and after being cheated they say that they are rich people.  They cheat and money cheats. I hope I have resolved. You must have liked the video. Please like and subscribe. There are many good comments in the comment section. This will increase your energy. If you have understood this then everything becomes possible. Mother no.  Afraid just happens and once you know date you know what you have to do and what is it D significance of money in everybody's life D western dress have students give butter original to ours is the oldest everything is ours everything starts from here only  What happened is fine and we also started talking about something different, this is not our color, this is the color of yesterday's invaders, which we think is our color, ISP is also there, I will make a video sometime which you can watch.  From eating to wearing clothes, your thinking is that Indian color is not the original color of India, it is okay, if you want a video on this too, then please tell, thank you very much.