Hello friends, I have brought you seven counter intuitive tips to live a good life, listen very calmly, listen with patience, your life will welcome morally, battery saver thought process, if you tweet them a little, then you will live a better life.  The first thing you can do is don't be passionate about your job and both try to do your job which normal people say is just a fashion. Many stories have been told that I  Why bother, job and you will be happy day register. You have to understand what is patient. Fashion is strong feeling. Like all feelings, events from failures change over time. We get into something that we thought was our passion in our early twenties and Thirty, we get caught up in that patience. Do n't run after passion. It is counter intuitive and many of the things that children find very pleasing today cannot be monetized. If you tell small children then I will also be passionate about watching Carry Minati's videos, Dheeme also passionate about playing video games and Devi Passionate about doing things which is not a good day, then keep the patient aside, remember one thing in the job, you do not have to worship the job.  Job is necessary, it has to be done, everyone should do it at the same time, early and share, no one is refusing, it must be done, but in the job  There should not be any celebration, people celebrate it so much when they get a job, they celebrate it so much, they get such success, you are becoming a servant of someone, of the government you are working for, you are working for this private individual, what is the need of celebration when it was the old sleeve, the delivery of the old times.  At that time, at least the slave knew that he was a slave and when he got freedom, he was happy or handsome.  You will get freedom, this is the new system that has come, this is the system of Illuminati, it is such that becoming a slave is celebrated, in America Indian schools reach top jobs, they are made very successful in some form, one is the habit of our country that some  The name should also be Indian and if that child was born in India, then to do something good, you should be forced to take credit type in it, call it a celebrity, many people have got the Nobel Prize in India, who remained the same age, studied there, herbal in the name of Vasant  If Govind Khurana sounds like this or if Subramaniam sounds like this, then we just think that he becomes like an Indian. We have to see that we should not be taken in a private job, you can get a job at the top of any company where you are an employee. I am the servant of that foreigner, I do not understand one thing that no one in India celebrates our Adani Joe Ambani ji, he is always shown negative for not being married, crores of people will say this and you Cottage St. Toe Exit Can I save the lives of those preparing for the competition? If I want to talk about the job, I will tell more about this thing in the job series. The job series is going on, you must watch it, its throat video will also be coming.  Yes But Possible Is Just Want To Tell If You Want To Dooba Good Life Don't be obsessing about your job You can be fired anytime Economic condition gets bad So beautiful beauty has its season in it Don't get too related to that, recently you have seen how she got fired, this happens on room call, okay second point, this is a very important point, understand it very well, marriage is always very strong, women are pressuring men, always very strong. Women Do Bong And Just For The Beauty Benefits From Women Happen To Be Very Beautiful Solid icing on the cake and give you a strong If you have to marry a woman, if you want to live a happy life, you have to do this tight dependent in secure and inexhaustible marriage of not doing hi, we are absolutely not the note suggesting that ladies girls womanhood good looking subscribed hua ki not distract am not saying that but that time settings  That you should go for a strong woman, a woman when her mind is on who does the job, doing the job is to aana la hai is ab very  Important this figure: When a man marries a woman, apart from the fact that she works, she doesn't do anything else, I am telling you such a marking controller, you will get married thinking that you don't know what work will be done in the house, she will do it. Leggy will become nothing is infallible Nothing is show Awadhesh capable of doing job She can leave the job after marriage That too is a different thing but demonstration of its kind of but for Married Sisters for not doing job and should not be immersed. Like, if you want to do it, then get it done. We have done our PhD. No, how much should the job be, but I could not discuss it. I have not delved into it at all. He did so much under so much salary. Must have a job, Must be a strong woman, Must be able to drive, Must know how to do bank work, Must be able to do internet work, Must do all the work, Solid series in next to you, Not vidron in person who will take you down.  You will get hanged if you want to live a happy life. If you just want to live a superficial life, super fruit is happiness then please, then you can marry on super specialty. Otherwise, I told you my point. Third point: Who are those five men in your life whom you should love? Whatever quality they have, they live near you, you will become their average in wealth, intelligence and happiness. Please first 30 people very carefully, stay away from any toxic person.  No matter who it is, don't be interested in debate, don't be interested in competition, don't explain yourself too much, people with whom you have to explain on daily basis, wearing anything, your food, your thinking, all your subscribers, have taken jobs.  Then you have to please avoid such people, they will take away your energy and take away your happiness. Can wife and can't be done, he will have to suffer, try, that's why I said so, I folded the same in myself and Pandava dynasty witch new gas low on hotspot money in your pocket or a monthly basis decision positive properties you know  If you do n't know this then write in the comment section, I will tell you separately for these that you should remember Daksh tweet and monthly basis decide which is drinking and yours.  Activist And Can Be Put Other Investment Sources Also Of Birth Real Estate Cash Karni Putting Mutual Fund In Isolation Do Not Go For The Time For Operation Only A Separation Is Important Thank But Cash People Definition And Quality Of Life That You Will Get This Comfort For Yourself  You can take that thing, you can enjoy that thing, remember the thing about money, let the money astrologer tell me whatever Lakshmi ji is and whatever money you have. I am his stomach and drink news. The first use is to enjoy as much as you can. I also know how to soak my brother-in-law. I also know how to invest. The second is to pin his teeth which cannot be used. Donate them. Indians do not have that many days to enter. We are not in the middle class that much. We will give a lot of money, it is okay if we have so much money, otherwise we can give it to our children, that too will be considered as a kind of charity, it is not given even to our children, that is a different matter, this money is also needed that even the children are called Nizad.  are yours after us  It's okay, we do n't donate even to a child while we are alive, but if we don't do these two things with this dak, then we will do the third one, his work, that is dance, gets destroyed somewhere or the other, it will be taken from you, soni, if you tell us.  This was the grain of truth regarding money. The fifth thing everyday you should sleep and note through little boy Euro Cup Learn something new interesting and curativeur. The more you become clear about this, the more you will get to know something as I tell you and  Sir, how does one die? So when we saw that a cobra was killed by someone, it came under the car and got stuck, then if we do not know how it dies, how does it die in normal life? The whole life is of the living, it is not a messenger, it is not of the university.  There are many things that can be learned, some can be monetized, some can be enjoyed, some can be used to impart knowledge to others, the purpose is you have to find your path but always felt something new and  That You Will Only Be Able To If you have followed these three or four things that I told you before, because if you are struggling so much in your marriage, in your job, because of lack of money, then you will be - If you get stressed then you need entertainment. Everyday Entertainment Entertainment Entertainment. Then you will take out time for it and then you will get time to learn. If you will not get time to learn then you cannot increase your value from within.  When you cannot increase your value, you cannot give value to anyone, when you cannot give value to anyone else, your money does not matter, but you will remain a person of the same level. You have to see that if a company is giving you 50 thousand rupees.  If the same company is paying someone Rs 5 lakh per month with a deposit, then this company with the singer's print of the owner has deliberately not given you less to the company. If you bring the same value, you would have got this much value till the time we do our work. Unless we add value, we cannot reach that level. In this early learning process, colleges will not end with degree and Meghvansh took additional MBA degree and baby 1872 B.Ed and deposit. This was very much needed. Sixth thing is very important.  The question comes, the point of Delhi unit is very important, okay, we have emotions, if you say it in CNB or Hindi, then I will leave out of irritation. Bear in mind that you will never notice that you will come from people who do more than you, do more good, have more knowledge or have more, and you will never notice a person worthless than you who does less work than you.  You will not be jealous of someone who is achieving less than you. You will never be jealous of someone who is achieving less than you. You will never be jealous on your birthday. If your level is this and someone else's level is this, then you are normally already jealous at this level because you will always be jealous of someone else. how to say positive  Do n't make things too easy. Don't make comparisons. Don't be jealous. These are natural emotions that come from people. Go straight to that person and say to them, 'Brother, how does this sister do this? You will show and tell us. I also want to learn.'  I feel very jealous to tell you, how do you cook such good food, how do you do this work so well, how do you talk so well, yet this is so good, in the meantime, ask me with a straight forward open heart. Things will happen, either he will easily tell them for free or he will tell them with money, okay, he will tell something, he will tell a little, and if you will approach anyone only by Khlu, then tell the same name to Nikki, Hundred percent and Shraddha from inside.  There should be complete feeling, there should be a feeling from within, and this is what I have to learn and I will definitely get to learn it, there should be faith, convert it into this, say this again and again, in this context, luck will be the victory of everyone, it can be from a relative, which can be very  Any married life is doing well, so much / hour, love is visible in it, district Sehore, your life is also such a teacher, so go and learn from me, what are you doing, maybe you have discovered that she is also something from him. Stop always, whoever you are, don't abuse her, don't cry, don't be rude to her, it's okay, try to learn something from her, this is till six points and cement and last point is very important that Naivasha F-35 Spending Money  Waste your time can we save? It is a matter of saying people, time does not come back at this time, but time can definitely be saved, time can definitely go as a buyer, like the women who are listening, this is your woman at home, your wife, broom, mop, utensils.  You don't make him meet you mostly but why should he with me because you think that I will save that time, I have money, I will also give improvement to someone, his house will also be run and he is an expert in my time saved.  I will fully utilize the time I have, this should be like watching Netflix and spending the whole day dancing, you should also maybe take care of the kids, maybe have some more velvet in the house, some help from your husband. Monetize your own time. In the same way, if you can hire a driver who can save your time, do small errands in your house, drop your parents, and pick up your parents.  Can buy your things, can take away children's fear of pickup, wife's roaming around as a clown, orders and parmesan on his half-baked Sunday, if I want to meet a relative, then you are also going, he is a relative of the wife, she is his friend, but you are also going with me. Be it someone's birthday party, go somewhere, how much time do you waste your time, buy that time, give it to someone, give it to someone, now when you have to buy that time, you will feel a little pressure, you will feel that time.  If you have bought it, you will make good use of it. Please don't trade with money. Never waste your time to save money. If you want to grow in life and live a happy life, then the more value there is in the value chain.  You will be equally happy if you work and say that sweeping a broom is a very good deed and a person only sweeps and the value will remain here in the channel and it is very good to sweep the broom.  He will keep on dying and be happy, this whole sun is nonsense, it could be a compulsion to earn a living by sweeping but this person also has to tell someone that you have to go up Velichenna and he can also go up if he also shows his skill everyday. Better the level. Many people who carry bricks have a beard. The one who has laid it darkens it with a little bit of cement and becomes a mason who becomes a better mason.  He becomes a format and by working hard, he can also become a format small contractor. So the person who started in the labor class, whose daily wage was 400 ₹ 500, if he continues to move to the value channel, then his thousand rupees will become ₹ 10. Every person has to remember this thing, who starts as a car cleaner, along with the driver, he gradually learns to drive, becomes a driver and becomes a driver-conductor, he also gets a salary which is small and  Chhotu walks, hits this cloth and type with it on the hill, his salary is BSP 14000 driver, then it is 30 ₹40, so agree but I have to go up the values ​​and and thank you to love every day, this point to little but so daily  Basis for Tomorrow You Will Release That You Are Part of Living But if you liked this video please share it with people and don't subscribe the channel. Subscribe to the channel and do write in the comments that you liked it very much and touched your heart the most. It could be one person, it could be a person with a job, it could be five people, in this case it could be a road builder.  You need to learn something, you may be jealous, you may be wasting time, it may be anyone, and if you like it very much, then you can also tell me because whatever you like the most, I will make a video on it openly and better. Thank you.  hey oh