Hello friends, this is a very interesting topic, the name of the topic is Sharma ji's son, this is an example and this topic is to listen to every paint and the children can narrate it to their patients and can also laugh at it, there can be stand up comedy too. It can be a lot of learning and joy will definitely come, so let's start this topic, Sharma ji's son, okay, this is the topic, every parent has this kind of thing when they compare their children. Look at Sharma ji's son, what English he speaks, but what he does well, what kind of values ​​he has. I am taking the example of Sharma ji. Verma ji, Bansal ji, Gaurav ji, Hanuman ji can also do it. Okay, so I had to take an example. Ravana, I looked at the example of Sharma ji's son Honar and when I looked down, words of respect came out of my mouth, I am not lettuce for anyone, it is not a joke, okay, so this is what your parents say.  Please write, even for 28-30 years, you can write that he had said so and he keeps saying this, it is not that he got your job and then he did not say that this will be a marriage, then do not say that even after trying to spread it, take care of him a lot.  I enjoyed it, okay, fiber is there, okay, I came from America and stayed for two days, Aadarsh ​​was published, and he called the relatives, and after seeing the example, Saraswat mother-in-law, mother-in-law went to the house, brother, brother, I am the only one who is not going to take the name, I like it very much.  side  People will accept it, but the daughter-in-law is like this, so now her daughter-in-law is seeing that she stays every day from here to America to visit Siddh and if anyone has to come and meet her for four days, then anyone can do it, so now I want to tell you this.  You also paint, don't you think about this, when you say to your child like this, ' Brother, see his child getting up,' but if the children start speaking like this and each other, you are sister and brother, yes brother, brother, you are two and you are together. Said hey man his mother  Look at her, how beautiful she looks, what a nice saree she wears, or look at her father, how smart he wears, how smart he looks, or how much they pose to her, how many movies they show, how many movies they show.  Do you know that your brother and sister are talking? Okay, I am the driver, I am pointing out, it is very interesting, important fix, kids can do it, it is just for them in life.  There is no experience, there is simplicity and sorry, let's talk about set off life, people say a lot about me, Ritu makes anti-Gurjar videos, okay, when I tell you a small thing about it, end is the point office of children, children are helpless no matter how many. Grow up, when they say that you brought us up as small children, all your tuition was spent, so in old age, it means you too, oh you have already invested, children can break it and use it if you are 70 80 90  You will do something like this, instead of speaking directly, presenting it politely, you will show it with an operation, and you have to show it like patience. With children, children become adults and elders from sixty, but from here onwards, elders remain till 35 years and with every year and every year.  Home is less I am telling this to the elders How to Draw a Day Gracefully You are decorating every year and since the time your child was born he is improving every day. You knew that now he will start walking, now he will start speaking with his mouth to speak positive, now he will start eating food, now this brother will go to school, now he will start writing on his own, everyday door, home and in between, who doesn't even agree to say.  So this is India, you can kill only in this, in India, there is oil, ear twitching, meaning, children listen to dry fruits and parents, so in the movie, children are raised on the crumbs of their parents, they have money of their own too, it is okay, so sometimes its  When asked that we have done a lot, you are such a great parent that we cannot earn the bread of those who repair their children, with that you are my son and in between that, whoever has good talent, he should be given a lot of weeks.  This will develop into a child. Will you take it with someone else's stand that he is Bigg Boss but if he doesn't know the song then Kishore Kumar cannot be Lata Mangeshkar, he is there in him instantly as a rule, but he has to do a Kuchipudi dance these days.  Class Hobby Classis Yes send it, only boy can do it, girl can do it, your child will have almost the same talent as you have in your wife or maybe you have a little hidden talent, then it is very clear that maximum genes are yours.  Do it because what I told him yesterday is that the answer is that he can also kill or they do n't have their periods at all. So why do you guys know? I asked, so let's discuss. Well, you parents do it in school, why?  Period, if children can discuss, then children can discuss in print, this is your friend's acid, your father drinks alcohol, if you are listening to someone that your father drinks alcohol and smokes cigarettes, then the child will catch his tail only because of this.  Don't drink, this policy is such a good father, such a good father, will you give me some alcohol, drink or smoke a cigarette, if the child does not speak when asked by him, then when the child does not speak, then I am requesting with folded hands from all the periods. Don't tell your children again and again that look at that child, look at that relative like this, look at that relative's look like this, it's good the day the children started saying, I may be the channel for children, the related children started saying about the society.  Part Chipk and one more thing, I want to tell you that these things which I am telling are for the sake of making someone sour, not for misbehavior, I am telling this to the children also, it is just that its equations of us which have a very deep oil sense of  One  The spoon and that manufacturing equipment is called the original equipment manufacturer, the result machine which is used on things from it, it is not the one who can find the fault in it, someone else can do it, so to find the fault in your child, teachers are there, the principal is the boss, this is him.  The society is his mother-in-law, the child's girls and boys, they will take out more, okay, his sauce is yours, the children, the parents who find fault in their children, such marital  Counselor is telling me that in their marriages they have to listen, oh your mother speaks like this, oh your mother speaks like this, your father speaks like this, if you have a daughter and she went to another house then you will find this mistake in her publicity somewhere.  One of her shortcomings is also one and a half million shortcomings of a teenager, but you do n't need to broadcast it, you don't need to digit only discover were late world discover because maybe those are her shortcomings.  Am I fooling the next party or is it something else, and in the same way, kissing mom is the request to the boys that when the boy talks about marriage, mom would point out the shortcomings because she would come and put it on him to point out, the time would pass.  But before marriage, he took part every week for 21 days. At that time, shortcomings were found. He doesn't ask, otherwise he doesn't do this, he doesn't do it, he doesn't do it like this, he is a Gupta bloody, please check, because he sleeps late at night.  Why does he sleep late, then why does he sleep late, why does he do something like internet and mobile and doing all this, why does he sleep endlessly, because maybe he is not getting a proposal in his life, he is not getting a job, he is not getting money, because if you stay up till 5 o'clock in the evening, it is very good.  If you have earned good money in life and your purpose has been achieved, then you will eat some food and then go to sleep because the next day you will have to break your body again to earn that money, but those children who do not have the opportunity to earn this money, then their body  So the water broke, now it's a different world  Because parents are very nagging, see how beautifully I am covering different topics in this and even if you are not applicable, you should also listen to the ones that are applicable on others, so pay attention to them and do not become a scared person.  You can do this, you will talk and it is okay son, you are okay, we are all okay, the job is okay son, talk interestingly, don't check, is there such a person in your family, be it a boy or a girl, on whom you will have rights, it may be your nephew or niece.  It is possible that you may have a child of your own, which I am telling you, 14 years, 15 years, 1618, 22, I am seeing this, boys, I am saying this again and again because the boys' earning money is extremely important, okay, this is their marriage.  A girl cannot get married even if the money is less then she gets married and the whole game is decided by the marriage market so in this no boy is pressurizing the girl. I am telling the truth of the society. Boy 18 to 27 years 9  Years, I don't know what they are doing there, when I was six years old, I went to first class, then at the age of 17, mix it up, it was seen breaking 11, 12 years, first second, third and progress was seen, then at 18, I went to college, I saw it happening first, second, third, then 21.  I am not able to understand the last decade of 27 and in this, do S2, do something, do not know what to do, then if you people want clarity on these things so that your children  First of all, stop doing this and ask his brother and how. First of all, brother, ask him what is the thinking and reasoning behind whatever he or she does, why he or she does not feel like doing anything, exercising, wearing nice clothes.  Of becoming something, of doing something, why one, they are entering the world, they are entering the world, what kind of content, Devi watch, but this send depends on this video, year kid, it will open a little bit and neither will we.  Till date we were judgmental about you, now we will be judgmental but we will solve the problem together, united in likes and this victory will be like this, if something can be achieved and if something cannot be achieved then it is not a defeat but whatever it is, it is ours.  They all have a collective meaning and we will do something, children, it is okay, you are alone in this, there is no enthusiasm and this kind of system, meaning diet has to be understood, Maida family and where father is there, if father is there.  Look, there is not much space in the head of Jha Enforcement, there is a meeting, something has happened, father is not there, what should be done about him, but where father is there, father should be a tree, the child should feel all the time, this is just for the sake of Vwap, so I like this kind of dialogue.  We all are you, we are your father, if this abuse type, this system has been put in place, then according to India and Pakistan, when we are your father, then our father is our father, Ghalib. It is a very difficult thing to be you, it is very difficult to fulfill, it is very easy to become, you have to do more.  hee  No, that woman keeps it for 9 months and then the operation is done and then when I find her, the whole lady has a headache, she is nothing to you, that means something like that, she is nothing physically, but if you agree, I have explained a lot of things logically.  I explain it to my platinum members in my Ashok class in a different way, so I won't go into that much detail here but that is from tempering then Father Suar List Minto This If You Have A  Child Abuse Lite Bill Thirteen Fourteen Years Old Don't point out his shortcomings. Don't spend time on his shortcomings. We become silent with the shortcomings and too many shortcomings should not mean that it should be completely negative or it will be a mess, but if it  If something is weak then don't try to add too much style to it. Recognize its 24 strengths and take the students up. Good night will make him and her stand out among them.  The crowd and that work will be done well and those people do not keep it where it is seen from friends and they do not understand how to not ice it and where there are weaknesses because parents know how to monetize, it is very easy here.  Or let's make an engineer, take this strip, then why because engineers are employed, hey, if you are releasing, then engineer will get a job or engineer will get a job, because time has passed, it does not mean that an engineer is needed, it is okay to do that job, then 90  If you are not doing the work of engineers but are not doing 90% then this makes you think how to crop battery saver message to 9 of birth a complete you never comes pair child with anybody else because only specific company, you have to understand this you  What if the video went beyond someone's celebrities and went beyond their beat system, then you would think that it would be an international hit, don't do this thing, it's a sin, okay? If any patient feels bad or not, I am doing acid on him, it is okay, children don't like this, children get hurt due to your actions, I am telling parents that you keep working hard, children also follow many others.  What are you doing, mother, what are you doing, okay, Yadav is very close to you, if you want to do this, then work hard yourself. Don't blame the hard work of that Sharma ji's child on your own child because it could be Sharma ji's son.  Do n't know how big that Mr. Sharma ji is.  I will tell you Kunj story with great spiritual, I am in the head of the child, you are saying to your child, do this, it's okay, so Ashok video, you liked it, if you people want to bring more such videos so that according to different relationships.  Let me tell you next time what should the parents do right now, tell me, next time maybe I should hold mom, then dad, then son, then daughter-in-law, then daughter, what should not be done, then I will create a balance so that the elders do not complain.  If it goes away then it gets filled and they do not feel good about the age, that life is a voucher, feeling good, this is also a factor of it, they should enjoy it, enjoyment should go, okay whatever you hear, see, enjoyment should go, but you are not happy.  Don't take it too personally, try detoxing it and then you will enjoy it. If you are okay with it, I mean listen to you, till now I am making this for you and subscribe, I am not making it for an individual person, if this is negative.  effect  If he does then get a little deflected. Yes friend, you are right but if you enjoyed then definitely write in the I hop comment section. Want some comment, tell me those ABCD U comments. There are too many comments. Now please start with a one line comment so that If you liked it and did not like it, it disturbed you, left the cat system, then tell me what little so that I can also see, okay, wrong, a little right, a little okay.  You are sure about the beat system. If it gets broken then it is a good thing. If it convinces you, if it doesn't break then say thank you. I made it into a song. I came and shook you. If you didn't move and fell, then you are on Monday's practice. You came to know about it. Thank you for this.  Is