Hello friends, this is a very deep topic, it is a topic that changes the society, it is a topic that gives a lot of clarity, no one has given this much clarity till date, I speak on the basis of shock, I speak with confidence, which comes from hard work, research, observing and a lot. I am speaking to him from my own.  I am not saying this by making you arrogant and placing you on a higher prediction, today a down to earth person is telling me the topic is, I am a big champion of inter cast marriage, I am fine my Understanding and hard work is very much and you will get my champion and things related to champions in this video and if you don't get it, then just write this and go away that I overrate myself a lot, if I also get to know about myself then I am putting my  Neck for YouTube judge if I wish Indian education system became like this where teachers can talk like this that you are just student judge is ok because come from there is lot of self belief and conviction and lot of  Hard work is also okay, so today we will discuss that it is going to give a lot of clarity to the parents and their children who want to get married. Well, have you been married? Even if you have been married like this, then you will get a lot of clarity, so this video is for everybody.  Anybody above 18 years This video is for date You are anyone of 75 And this video is requested Please spread it vigorously The way society normally thinks we should get married  Apart from your place in your community, intercaste will also work, inter-religion will also work, inter-region will also work, like a North Indian marrying a South Indian, he has become an interior person, you are a person from Haryana marrying someone from Bengal.  This issue of marrying a foreigner is also included in it, so there is other topic because it will be such a long topic, otherwise you write only one thing, write inter caste because people understand it according to slang. That friend, when inter religion is happening, then it will be inter caste, it will be above inter caste, okay inter region is happening, you have taken a different place, that too is becoming above inter caste, Desi has changed, religion has also changed.  Did you send me to America that if I marry someone then it will be a little off, she will be further away, so by doing it like this, it is okay, you will marry Sharma ji's daughter, that is, I am from the region, I am from the religion but she is out of.  The cast is still there, so that's fine.  I will not repeat things again and again, okay, so you can apply your own degree, for whom I am going to give a template as to whether this or that should be done and I am more, it depends, see, think, there is a diplomatic person, isn't he, who does like this?  Lo, this is also fine, who are the pros, should they clear or not, have they done China, have they done gym, what are the aspects of them and what are the maps, those things will also get to be learned by those who want to get it done and want to do it.  Like children do, first take a warning or make a template for them and the story plays out in the same way. Friends, I am bringing this my best episode from my pet consultation and all you subscribers come this moment, pause and like it and those who like this  The moment was going to be enjoyable from within. Write imaginary. One person can do four-five comments at different times. It's ok if it encourages the creator then let's start.  I will tell you exactly how to get married. First of all it comes that you should marry intercaste. This should be done in this way. It depends on the first thing, what is your age because marriages are taking place at every age, it also happens at 24 and 25.  It happens at 27, 28, it happens at 30, it happens at 35, it happens at 40, so I start with this, the show of marriage is an institution, isn't it, marriage is a lot of adjustment.  Whenever you marry a person and live with him, you have to make a lot of adjustments. All the married people will agree with this, they know the way to sleep, the way to get up, the way to wear clothes, the way to eat, the way to think, the relationship is his/her caste.  If your relationship is on his/her head, your relationship also goes on his/her head, so a lot of adjustment has to be done, so the thing with so much adjustment is already there, you add more variables to it.  I will tell only under examples, the video will be long but this is a live changing like changing video, so it has to be understood completely and as an example, we will understand that we all are born in one ecosystem, one way and one culture, okay and we are part of that.  He has you, our eight intestines, our organs, his body is used for example, he is a boy from Haryana, a boy from Haryana, lived in Haryana, ate milk and curd in Haryana, you know.  Let me tell you from the example of Haryana, here you eat potato parathas, ghee and curd, do all the work, you got married to a girl from Bengal, Bengali ji, how is Bengali right in Bengali, now you are married, you are in one life.  The biggest problem is cooking. Nowadays, it is neither done by a woman nor by a man, nor is it possible to do it even with a maid as it is nowadays, because it has to be done at home. Her skill set is also poor, so now no one is able to do it in mustard oil.  Someone eats food in desi ghee, someone eats the food of desi ghee seller, mustard oil can't be saved, what nonsense is there in mustard oil seller, love is my friend, food is everything, isn't it, Han ji, when you have to live a life of 40, 50, 60 years.  Food and all these things have become everything. Yes, when that person comes from Bengal, he does not know what Teej is and here our Haryana people do not know what to do during Durga Puja, only then the person will learn.  More children will be born, just as people talk even in inter-religion, he will follow this too, he will do this too, hey brother, don't follow me alone anywhere, brother, I have my own traditions, today is my own culture, now this Chhath Puja is for someone.  A Big Thing: If you other people of Bihar do not even know what it is then now whatever festival we celebrate, there should be a lot of involvement of the family in it. Well, in this there can be benefit of default setting that your mother-in-law  She doesn't understand how to torture me because if that syllabus is over then she will definitely get some benefits but overall I will tell you in which direction I am taking her. Then she switches off like this when the boy's man is She must have been a grandmother, she has no interest because when she goes to Japan, she will take a drop of Haryana's brother, eat his ass, this is put in it, your milk will become tight, the milk will come out well, strength will come from inside, the thought process will be done.  Now, if her daughter-in-law is from Tamil Nadu, she is from Bengal, I thought, what is this drop, I have seen her running away after delivery, now the people here will say that if he cannot eat rice, then this is water, drink it like this.  So you have given the same party to the marriage, there is a lot of conflict, there is a lot of it on the default setting, there is a lot of personal level, at the parents level, at this level, what did you do at that level? It could have been of two variables or it could have been of one variable.  It was like Rohit father, ok, so by doing X + 4  He is an officer, it is okay that his son is also a Bengali, if he is a Bengali but he has kept this Bengali as his wife, then it is okay that he is the head of the family, it is okay and now his son's daughter-in-law has come, she is a Punjabi.  Okay, so now that Punjabi mother-in-law talks to her mother-in-law, then the Bengali eats meat. Okay, now which culture is left there, you tell me friend, which cultural person will say that it would be good, I will tell you one more thing.  Let me tell you, we must have seen many of these in movies, like the one from Punjab, the one with Akshay Kumar, a girl from foreign comes to the village, we take her to learn something, Bhau has come, she is our foreigner, after doing something, he remains in stitches.  Is  There is no seriousness in it, every society has rituals, there are values, there is reasoning behind them, I also tell people many times, if you do not understand many things then it does not mean it is wrong, why is this the way you see it, the way we take the rounds.  There is seriousness around Agni. If you bring a person from another culture from outside, then only he will go about doing date will not be with date seriousness and voice us. You will take something in another country or region in religion and someone will say something, brother, we have to do it like this, we do it with our hands, bring this left hand, do it like this, do it like this, do this, friend, he cannot do it like this and it will end. Now you tell me that thing will come to an end, what will happen in globalization, man is not found, no problem, ok, you man is talking, there is no problem, but what is the question, it is not fun, that family is not special.  You see this, you have inter-casted the second one which is your Shivling, he has done the normal one, all the love and affection attention will go on that sibling and his wife because the parents will feel that brother, our Khanna is our culture, this is what he is doing.  So it is rebel because you have shown the rest of the page which is ok but you have to see that then that thing will start coming back at you because of one of my acquaintances, he is from Rajasthan.  When he was posted in Assam, he was a government officer. When he was posted in Assam, he fell in love there. He is in love with a girl from Assam, it is okay, love has happened, marriage will happen, it is a normal thing, now life ahead is very good, now life ahead is torn.  The children who are born are fine, are they now Rajasthani or simply culture, there is a lot of difference in Rajasthan and Assam, now they spend a lot of time alone in life because what has happened now, if the mother is there then the mother is tight, so they speak Assamese. which belongs to the girl's family  On the other hand, children identify more and those who are from Rajasthan come there, they keep coming but they are seen as if they are Assamese and that does not look good. Now what is the question, listen carefully, I am going into this very deep here.  I can talk very easily, you can run away by trolling me, you can do something wrong here, but the whole sun people, neither will you understand, am I a guest of this thing that people of Rajasthan should not marry people of Assam or they should do everything to liberate the country. do the world Exactly, we are mostly followers of Sanatan Dharma, like there is a world which tells which action is which, I am telling you which consequences are acceptable, take action but sometimes what is not happening, so I am telling you that.  Brother, this story will also turn out in the future that when you change their opinion, then people of Rajasthan say that, your children neither speak Hindi in this manner nor are they Rajasthani, leave it now.  Put here put baati churma, we have to eat what is this d what is this bhati what is this churma to give are not able you are not able now they do n't get affinity if they get affinity then they do n't get love if they don't get love then they do n't get interest then the person he is is the son of Rajasthan.  What he feels is that neither my grandparents nor my relatives or their aunts or they don't give that much to my children and when they don't give that much then they go back to Assam, that is fulfilled because now see what  The father has gone to work and the mother is doing insurance. The younger child lives at home. Which grandfather should he talk to on the phone? Where should he talk to the maternal grandparents? The choice is with the mother, not the father. He is on a useless job on his own.  Then they start being on one side and they tell the normal children what to learn from what they eat, learn the table of their school, learn the culture of Assam, learn the culture of Rajasthan, eat this, eat that.  No one wants confusion, there is not so much confusion in life because many times divorce diversity is so much in our country, there are no brothers but they know at the thought process level. Now I see you as an example of North and South. The North man is talking excitedly, he is happy.  The South Indian will feel angry, what will you do to treat him? Now the people of Haryana, they talk normally, they talk normally and their sense of ours is not known, others mean a little of Haryana, they mean Delhi.  Even the people from up do not understand, the people from Haryana mean that there is not much distance between Haryana and up and those from Tamil Nadu Regional Specific Race Classes Creed, look at this, everyone says that it should not be said, it should be, it is a political right, but how can you stop someone? Can you stop? Kant stop commenting. How is your daughter-in-law? Now someone who will be your girl from Punjab, okay now look at her, do you know what kind of beauty or what happens if she will marry in South India, then when she will go to South India.  Will be animated by ki hey this is a different type aaya hai de se thing when de son-in-law will go tu de village de will do sam mother type of commentary system why people but you now understand that now you know about the world and you  Those who have self-confidence within themselves and can lead their own life, can understand further that it was not like this when you were 25 years old, if those who have inter-caste, inter-religion, inter-region and whatever these are.  All marriages have to be done intra internet. If letter marriage is happening then there is not much issue because your understanding will increase. Society will remain as it is, you cannot change them. The thought process of 140 crore people does not change by changing yourself.  It costs your life to transfer yourself. How did you think 2 years ago? How do you think now? You have to put in effort to influence it. The world is the way it is, so if you get married late.  Let me think it is not a problem, marry someone somewhere because if you are not married yet and your parents also do not throw tantrums then do it brother because now you will say who are the parents, what about the parents if the parents are not happy?  So you too can't be happy, they go against them and get married, otherwise that pain will remain and what good is going against them, fool the parents, I tell you, don't they understand in India, they say, children are fine.  No, we will not let this happen. He said, son, if this is like this, then marry someone with whom you can do as per your wish, it is your life, but this will happen and if it happens like this, son, then we will not be able to participate from within, we will try for your happiness but  Still, let's discuss this openly, instead of tomorrow, someone stands up and tells whether it is a boy or a girl, this is this D girl, don't take photos, this video is telling the same thing, don't take photos and whatever he has brought, she has brought him. Tell me, brother, what is going on in your life?  The marriage that happens in India is of mines, of families, if we go to a new zeal, then we will not need to ask the question of what should we do, just like if you go to America, then an American South.  The Korean who is from South Korea is marrying someone from the Philippines, that is, the American citizen, the Filipino, the South Pole, so the marriage is taking place there because there is no such individual society there, I am saying this.  In India also, if there will be an individualistic society, then marry someone, this question will not be asked, that is why people are being asked, why are they so much consulted, because neither do we, watch family movies, Dilwale, till the time the girl's father says, 'My man, he will also say'  Then she will like it, then we will do it like this and get married and in my opinion both were Punjabi setups, there was no inter caste there, there was no issue of inter caste, in my opinion both were Punjabi culture, okay but there was inter caste in inter caste.  Religion Interview Region There is a lot of adjustment in the interior and then you feel that I am adjusting a lot in two-four years of marriage, when you do it as per your own, now you tell only one thing, the girl cooked the food, she is cooking the same food. If you have eaten all your life, then it is a normal thing, we eat outside food like we Chinese eat, it is okay, someone eats momos, but you marry a Chinese, I am telling this as an example.  If I am brother, I will have to eat every day, can he eat every day? Well, Baba doesn't agree to eat both, one type of food is not being prepared, then you run away, okay one small thing, your family is vegetarian, you married a Bengali girl from some other place.  He is a non-vegetarian, now you will not let him eat at home, so if you ask him to go out and eat, why should he go out and eat? If he doesn't even go out, then how can he be hanged? In the same way, he will be tortured even more, so everyone fools him.  Even if no one does it these days, if you normally stop your children on anything, then you will have lost their sense of belonging because the tolerance level has changed a lot and even the parents feel that this is all, this is all, this is all, this is all for the next generation.  So when this next generation is like this, tell them brother, this is like this, then don't do it for us because now man lo, our activities are done in a certain way, so if I don't do it, then it will not be that much of a pleasure, not a hot process.  It will not be on the level, this is a very miss match and that is the initial which is there as many as I have come, see one thing, you believe my point, inter caste and these are the kind of marriages which are all based on love, I have very  Really seen arranged marriage happening like this early in life means you are 26 years old and you want to do arranged marriage with anyone, it does not happen like this means if you are arranging then your desired program is done like this  It should be of my community, it should be of my state, such kind of marriage programs end when the age increases, okay, when there are marriage programs in the age, then it means that it will be love marriage, that is, its basis is love, what is love? So the chemical is dopamine etc. which you will read and see something happens, now that element which is there in ovary period time gets diluted, goes down and like becomes practical because  Now you have got it, now you have got it, now it is done, now it cannot be controlled with intensity because when you make love to someone on an outside level and meet, you go to eat, go on a date, go to a movie, then you  There are no practical issues in life, you go there and eat common things, sometimes it will be a girl from other South, she will eat chana bhatora, you also eat dosa, people eat everything, brother, do you go to Sagar Ratna and eat it, not once a week or once a month.  two three  If you have to eat it every day, now you don't eat roti. In Haryana, rice is eaten in kheer. It is bad and eaten with ghee. Sometimes it is not eaten daily to bring joy or pleasure. Here, it is less like corn roti and mustard greens. Feed him below, otherwise he will not be able to eat, that is, there will be corn bread and mustard greens prepared in your house. Do n't you pick it up from food? Hey, bread, clothes, house, food and drink are basic, it is an integral part of like, a filter, coffee, PGI, one will do that.  So you will say, life is love is about adjustment, this is what I am saying, yes it is about adjustment, so see the list, how many adjustments have to be made, this is what I am telling you, you can leave it and start drinking filter coffee, you can leave your roti and start.  Should I do this, yes, this also happens, love is also a strength, but is there this kind of love these days, what will happen to the society, mother will come, father will come, someone will come, children will come when someone  A couple has a child and it gets lost. He does n't know anything about the little baby. They even cut off the girl's hands and legs. If the boy doesn't understand then both of them look forward to their parents because they have the experience of raising them.  People please forward, either mother-in-law will come or my man will come, it is okay because a girl who is a new bride means a married person who has a child, she has to hold the child like this in the bathroom by keeping it on her feet.  I have to bathe myself, I have to wet myself, then I have to bathe, I don't know, once she had to learn, till the second child, she also becomes a little more special, but first of all, I feel that the child has to be kept like this, milk has to be fed like this, this will be my problem.  If knowledgeable issues are raised then every lady looks forward for an elderly lady, whether she is clean or a man or both, it is okay then when there will be so much difference in the culture then comedy is seen in the movies and that is the time to pass.  It goes happily if after happens for each other and that kind of tu status, all this is fine but how much happiness is there in it, you see that the marriage is going on, the bird is going on but how much adjustment is there at what cost because. We also audit our marriage, man also does the same and woman too do not care about what is gained and lost and run away, but we see what the cost is, all these things become issues of pain in the future.  Here it is not even possible to say that culture has become very important, religion has become very important, region has become very important, culture has become very important, people, although everything is important, I am also a conservative man, but I am not asking them, that is important because if all the interminal  If this happens, then the system that we have maintained for so many years will get diluted, like I told you, if I had taken the example of a Bengali, Ghosh Babu.  Ka now ghoshvak Bade Ghosh Babu got married to the one above, brother, he was never posted there in railways, you ca n't stop the love, you should do it, now his son was posted somewhere else, his Punjabi came, now both those women are special Ghosh, both of them are fine.  Look, I am telling the situation, I am laughing, I am not trying to make it funny. If this thing is included in the movie, then it will be made very funny and lightened, but this is a pain, isn't it? Now Ghosh Babu looks at me like this, his mother, you, he is like this in our time.  This used to be like this at home during Durga Puja. Well, the woman above us also tries to learn something for her husband, but the next one came in Punjabi, now she is less deleted than them. Punjabi people will organize their festival and those people will now organize it in Punjab. What does one do on Chauth? Who gives what to whom? Who wears a suit? Who wears a 'Saadi'? Have you seen that white and red 'Saadi', it felt like a story in a picture.  That is our culture, brother, that too has to be done by someone, it means it is like in next 50 years, I think doing this will always be there or because of the trouble, whatever system is there in India, there is pressure, it says, do your own, celebrate.  Do it, I am from Haryana, you marry your Haryana girl, because whatever a Haryana man talks like, a Haryanvi girl will understand that it is not bad manners, whose love is Bengali, then after some time, she will  Will she understand that everyone in her house shouts and talks, then the one who talks about the girls of Haryana, the son speaks like this, the reverse answer is thrown like this because she will understand that she will definitely be the second one, I don't know you, you are people, I don't  No what English anything will speak anything Murga dot lagta hai mere ko to dar to laga hai if you marry a person from Haryana and if you marry someone from Haryana and they have a rate to laga hai to that new fall in love when your trying to get this  Recess of life and every day you left, you compromise, long you want, you compromise, you have to understand that you are not getting it, like many times, it may happen that it is a girl from Haryana or a girl from Punjab and they feel that friend Vinod.  The Indian man's thinking is like this, I am taking the lamp to the girl, she can think that man, this is very much like this, I go somewhere in a decided culture, this also happens and my value is there, this also happens. Let's collect English from non-devil lets, while staying inside the girl, you said, brother, you should have done it like this, you should have done it like this, you are getting [ __ ] by me, you are free, if you tell, then the whole society comes under pressure.  It's not that easy this moment you do this inter caste inter love this different while getting married you asked me if you will never get other support in case something goes nine so girls who died like this I am telling this  this is mine  These are not imaginary stories, girls come to consultation and say like this, sir, I don't find here mostly, I have thought process like this, which thought process do you have, that one boy, I say, you will find I agree, it is difficult in your society, I agree.  There is a thought process in which if you catch 100 boys then it will be like 70-80 and if you have to marry only one then it is a bit difficult, now in the face of a bit of difficulty, do not leave them and then go somewhere else.  I have been there and you do not know anything about that place, I too, you only know that this is not the issue but there are other issues along with it, then you will not know about them, then your life will be compromised, then you will have to buy this gear.  So, it would have been better if I had done it like that, then such a situation comes of regret and I want to say that the one who is a rocket of love has its stages - booster one booster, you face one face, it also has a stage when it is happy. Then that love can take you only to one level. In marriage, after that, practicality is taken in a relationship of 50 years. It is okay for neither the wife to be great nor the man to be great. It is all adjustment and there is a lot of it.  Adjustment: You have to take your equation to the base or paraboli coordinate geometry or to the level fear integration of the square root quadratic equation with five variables or you have to  X+A and And that book, if you are going to a higher level, then see that it is an effort and in life, you will have to put in effort in other things, you will have to put in effort in job also, you will have to put in effort in raising children, you will have to put in some of your hobbies, then in old age, you will have to put in effort. If you have to sacrifice your health too, then if you are willing to put in so much effort, then compromise that effort somewhere else. You should see that this is non, these are all non devils, if devil is the word, then one has to do this syllabus. It seems that yours has been tested very much.  I have a feeling that I should not do this, I will do it with someone else, I will not do it here, I don't but while I am leaving, I will have to tell what is mine right in the society, what is mine is that in these two  Let's start crying and washing, both of them have it, I won't say that I am less in this, I am more in this, but what is the fact that there is still a system to help you in this, no backup, it is like on yours, suddenly you release, many things are left out by you anyway.  I swear we don't interact, the culture is different, it's like this, this thing plays out a lot, so Veer is mentally ready and sometimes I want to tell you that till date no relationship has ever been so deep and loving that it leads to the breakdown of all relationships.  He can take the burden on himself because if he can take the burden, even if he takes it, he will also be broken. You understand what I am saying, till date this has not happened, I have made the video in a very pragmatic manner. If till now you all have seen it, I have made it clear from my side.  It is given but if the marriage itself is getting delayed then I am saying this because if you are getting married at the age of 40 then it is the time for many relationships to end and you are thinking that you are getting married at the age of 25 years.  If I am getting married then my parents  You are 55-60 years old, it is fine when you are 40, they are reaching 7075 and then after that, that system is no longer there anyway, their meaning and if there is their influence on your life then they can help.  And talk and do something, he doesn't stay that much till the time you have become a very independent mature person, then you don't do anything, what many people do, like after getting divorced.  So marry someone, once you have become diverse, now if you marry someone in any culture, then those issues will not come to you because of these shoes, there is no need for marriage, marriage is also needed for a further period, then marriage.  There is no need then why marriage, one day I want a song on living in, should it be there or not, I will make it on that, my content is very good on it, it is true that living in is the culture of living.  remained  Don't you know these days, what is good and what is bad, should be, should not be, should not be, then why should not be rational morality, Sangat Ne I never, whenever I want you make you, I do not come as a moral science teacher, I do not teach morality, every video.  The essence of is based on practical because when morality becomes necessary then the argument is becoming weak. Remember this anytime in your life, whenever you start giving moral arguments to the other party or anyone else.  If the party starts giving some arguments on morality i.e. a lot of work, it will not work, only things which work in life is practical, so please keep this thing, please share the video with people, how did it turn out, please tell me in the comment section and about it.  Please, if you like giving feedback, then sow it a little in the society and send it to 8-10 people because many people are facing these issues and in the coming times. Will take decision making, I will have to do it because now as India is getting integrated, do we have to do this in marriage also, then it has to be seen, this thing is important, you show this thing, thank you very much.