Hello friends, today's topic is send your children, we will discuss whether you should send your children to boarding school or what is called hostel or not. Today we will tell you according to 20-23 years, you went there 30 years ago and you became great in life. Discuss with him.  No, we will discuss today's aspects and angles and what kind of system does this guy not follow? I am a man with a clear cut verdict, it is okay and in two or four five percent, if not, then follow his advice. Which one will I cover today, so auspicious, let's start it. I will make my take clear from the beginning. I will not speak like this again after narrating the story. There is no confusion. Advice as a consultant should be extremely clear. Brother, you should see it. You see, the decision is totally for you, now you do n't have to follow it, it is your choice, but you told them clearly from your side, okay, don't send your child, whether it is a boy or a girl, now boarding is done.  One should not send one to school, people will say no, it has benefits which we normally count, one benefit is dropped that the child becomes independent quickly, the child teaches the child, the child's confidence increases, such and such things like bullying are also sent to the child.  People are right, such notions have been created that by doing this, the child becomes that person, even if the parents of the child pass away, he is also strong, the children who run on the road and those who have nothing, those who have nothing in their hands. No this is called strong but a bitter ne partner amendment issues come in life because I am very busy consultant concentration on so many different thing it is not only one aspect I do under very different so this is when we talk that in this situation you  So what did you do here? What did you do here? When we reach here, we come to know that these issues are arising because of this and it has come out that Amendment Issues: If you have bitterness, then the child is strong, there is no doubt, if someone's parents pass away, someone's father passes away, the child will be strong, who will not have it, but what does it mean to sing a song for him, is it a good thing? What is the choice and when despite everything, when you are a parent, you send him there and say, son, for your welfare, the time of childhood is the only time for parents, when you can spend time with him, bonding and your relationship can be formed.  Is  After that, if he gets a job, gets married and goes into that life, then this escape system is happening, no, we live in this city, actually it is not that good, there are no facilities here, so read for his good, read India is so great.  This is not happening in me, this is the first thing I am telling you many years ago and education was not so bad, both things are bad in a small town which 25 years ago had very poor education and people who had money.  He used to send that one.  The story was different but now neither the place where they send nor their standard is great nor the standard here which was so bad is bad, it has been improved and it has been dipru so the difference is not much, it is given by the van and the support of parents.  By staying there, a child has a good childhood, it is fun, it is okay, it cannot happen by staying away from the parents, if the child falls ill, someone in the hostel will give him paracetamol, some doctor or the other keeps the system to the doctor.  I am not agreeing with hostels, but man, is n't it like a homely thing, where she has been asking again and again whether she is getting home-cooked food or separate food, who will cook food separately for you in the hostel and who will cook food for your man?  You have to train your child a lot or even create some problems. You can do all this in your home also. You can tell the child with you to take your raw vest and turn the button in the washing machine.  take sixth  If you can tell your eighth grade child to wake you up in the morning, son, make his bed, if your daughter can be in your house, then it is a matter of force to ask that the UPI monitor for black money has increased, something like that means goal post in some other way.  It is a matter of change, first they said that it will become strong like this, then they said that this will happen, then something will definitely happen, even a stopped watch shows the correct time twice a day, now you understand that even a stopped watch shows the correct time twice a day.  If she shows it, does she mean it?  That it is okay, something will definitely get done and you will send it, but the question is what should be sent, it should not be sent because when parents grow up, then parents also do something wrong, everyone knows this sense of so.  Things are fine in life, decision making, mother-in-law, daughter-in-law, if not shoes, then he will not listen to us, he will do all this, you know what happens to youth, but what is it, the child takes all that jail or that relationship still survives. All that nonsense that happens in a relationship because there is a bank balance of your childhood and from there come those memories, mummy did it for me, papa did it for me, let's do it like this now, they are doing something like this  Memories remain that small and big children were thrown out of their home, your bank balance is zero, then you say no and sometimes in 10% cases, parents are very intelligent, they create a very good narrative that son, we are very good.  You were poor or you were like this or the environment was like this or we did it for your good and we are doing it for you. I sent that 10% to you after cutting your stomach but that also reveals the difference. I have seen that guy being a fool for 36 years.  Can be celebrated till the age of 36, no one is a fool after 36. Tell me how many of you are there for whom after the year of 36, Eureka came ki han yaar ye na  It was being heard that he is golden, I will tell him his reasoning further, but I am telling you further, after 36, everyone comes to know everything, we can explain things from here to there, from there to here, but 36.  After 42, we get to know a lot of things about life. Till 42, there is a lot of clarity. It starts from 36, that is, till 42, it becomes completely clear. This does not last for many years, it is okay and there we start incorporating bed habits.  There are a lot of chances of this, the kind of system that is running nowadays, there is no monitoring. These days, the children who are living with their parents, the parents are struggling because they don't listen, don't listen, don't listen, don't read, their habits are not good, they don't go to play.  He doesn't use mobile when he is hands away, feet away, there is a saying that means he is out of side, I don't know that much, so what is he doing now, what is happening in his life, you have gone, no flu, no influence, nothing is fine and he  Then again, he doesn't like that much bond with the family and especially where there are two Shivlingas, you have separated the siblings also, which is not a good thing, look, he is an only child, so it is absolutely stupid that you are sending him only one child. You have also sent him away for his welfare. Do you want to have some fun? In olden times it used to be said that brother is a great cricketer, okay Van of D Story of Van of D  Actors, their child also became an actor, the father is a big cricketer, Indian Cricket Captain, this man is a big film star, he does not stay at home, now he does not stay at home, when many couples like this, they say that  Brother, you go to the hostel because what will you do here at home, then it is understood that neither the man is at home nor the father is at home, in all cases there is so much fighting between parents, scuffles, divorces, this kind of situation is going on.  What happens is that it is taken into consideration, it is run out of time, sometimes what happens is that someone inside the house is sick, there is an illness, there is a sad atmosphere or there is something negative that makes you think that the child should not suffer from this thing.  If we are protected then these two-three things can happen, these one or two which I told, however, this is also the fight of the parents, however, they should reduce theirs, the reason behind sending the child to a boarding school, they should improve themselves. Ok idli but in rarest few cases you can send, in most of the cases you do not need to send, in today's time no dishting advantage is being noticed and this is just saying that  No, some are very independent. Have you learned how to cook? If you go to a hostel and have Maggi and tea, then tell me. It sounds like you have learned something, whatever you want to learn, you can do it at your home.  You can teach in a better way by being a little strict, a little but thoughts, all the rest is new, my hostel memories, my friends, I enjoyed, this came, that came, all these, many children, when I talk a lot, it takes 15 minutes for a man to start crying.  It seems after that, there is a difficult defense mechanism in the beginning. Our friends, the very good memories, on top of that, that bitterness comes out from within, there are amendment issues, it seems that the parents have abandoned us because when the child  When he is sick, he cries, he has insecurities, he remains very rare of the rare children, there are one, two or three persons who enjoy staying away from their parents, they are the ones who have very extra votes, they probably  Some more stick for 30 days, you are just an exception, you are three persons and green parents know that your child and I have been there, if it is like this then you can give them facilities even while living with you.  There is no need to send me to a hostel for a long time and it is not like that anywhere else, what they say, I am repeating again and again that some become butter, some do not become such butter, if they live with parents and Tell me whether you live with your parents or stay here, now if you go here, even if you go here, you will become something, now to become that, it has been taken as a result that if you go here and stay here, you will become nothing, this is the wrong thing.  if we live here Maybe they would have become even more, perhaps there would have been more emotional questions because what they are, when they become bosses tomorrow, their emotions are not that right according to the family, in amendment issues, then they never have that level of love and connection with the family. Not only this, they visit once or twice a year during holidays and the same pattern of detachment remains throughout their life and then they are not able to meet their family very much.  They don't get Urmi or they become extreme that they get so much bitterness that they become clingy to their family, then they become extremely and protective of their children and go into a different zone, this is also a thing, either on this child or on that one.  This is the effect of psychology, this is very important as I am telling you and look here you have to see one thing that whatever is being talked about in the hostel is before the age of 17 years, before 12th class.  Kari is going for education, the child has just turned 18 and has become an adult, then he will just have to go, however, my personal opinion is that even after that, you should not send it, maybe I will make a detailed video for it on a different day because all that will be sent before sending it. Even after that money is not saved, your city has sucked, decent education is being given in a good city, you should change the city instead of sending your child separately, that will become a different topic again, but today I am limited to school only.  I will keep it, please don't send it in any way, after doing tuition, study it yourself, stay close to him and give it to him yourself, because date is the only time, you see the days, it is just seven-eight years, there is one of 365, which means the time from fifth, sixth to twelfth.  It is in that that you have to know that you have the ability to influence your personality, people of whatever culture, the value of family, talk about each other's sorrows and pain, if you are a relative then you can do that. If you move away from yourself, your uncles, aunts, uncles, aunts, grandparents, those Han, then this chapter is over, okay, then a lot of things go wrong. Try or not, there is no reason for you to do this today. Bhateri is also living in a small town, education is online, the whole system is internet, press this button, generate some knowledge from somewhere on the internet, if you are not facing such problems these days, then I hope this.  It will influence parents in decision making. What do you guys have to say below and please do not write comments that brothers are very strong, it is okay to make children strong, it is not a good thing, first of all, it is okay if children remain like children, then it is okay.  The age required to become strong is from 18 years to 88 years, it is not 70 years, it is okay to become strong for 7-8 years, go out with some protection, get pampered a little, mummy, eat some. Make memories, go out with dad a bit, talk to him, do something else, that is very important, okay according to me, it is very important and you guys, what is your view, if you guys write, it will become a topic of discussion, share this video on your WhatsApp. Make it a topic of discussion in the family group by sharing it on the group that this is right, no, this should not be done, this should not be done, how should it be done, then it will also mean some crowd sourcing of learning and that will come out from many of my videos in the comment section. could do  If you have not subscribed to the channel, I am asking less for subscription these days, the page is getting reduced a bit. If you have not subscribed, then please subscribe the channel. Also watch the rest of the videos. Thank you very much.