Hello friends, today's topic is should we respect our parents, meaning I will post this topic on Monday, now I will tell you samjhaunga, should we respect our parents, should we respect our parents, this topic is a deep topic, as always, the video will be a little long but  This video will empower you a lot at a thought process level. You have to give and send this video to your parents. If you are a youngster and if you are a parent, then this video will also help you in your life. I feel that there will be a change. In my big consultation, so many people come in trouble that there should be respect and parents, the normal answer is yes, even I am not agreeing that it is okay, there is something more to do than respect because I don't think so.  That today's youngsters can respect their parents, and what are you talking about, why can't they? Listen carefully, listen, this is the definition of respect for parents, brother, it cannot be met today.  Listen to all the words of our parents, get married as per our wish, live a job as per our God, wake up like this, wake up like that, live life like this, do this, do that, no one can come and have a discussion, I am trying to say this.  In the beginning I am telling you that on my request, put this respect on the back seat for the next two-four months and do not ask this question immediately start doing this what I want you tell all of the country please request start. Leave aside the respect of loving your parents, now you have to respect many people, you have to respect the boss, if you have to, then you drive your parents away because you cannot be respected, you will be respected too, otherwise even love has gone and asked why you should be respected so much.  You should take love, now what will you say when your children are crying, you will chill them, beating them is also done in India, so I should not be saying this but it happens, you know, okay now some child will say  Hey Papa, you do n't know, Hey Mom, leave it, you will be misbehaved with the neighbor, the neighbor will kill the girl, the road will be killed, the boss will be with whom, how will the frustration come out of his life, how will you know if you have that big cotton group of respect only. Whenever the child talks to you, you should respect him, you should see your child's pain and suffering, how are you tightening him, how are you squeezing him, what is happening in his life, do he never know about it?  It will work, then he will go away from you because then he will either look for a boyfriend or a friend or look for alcohol or drugs. He knows how to find something. Friend, what will the relationship look like? Then you will say hello to me brother, give me sweet words, two sweet words meaning soul and spirit. Come in the morning like two sweet drops. Good morning papa, good evening mummy, good evening papa. Happy New Year, Happy Diwali, Happy Birthday.  Happy Anniversary, Happy Holi, this Happy Happy 15th, you just say these sweet words every morning, I am neither your child nor an empty one, who has shown some respect, like you forward WhatsApp messages in the morning, sometimes your children forward them.  Message me that a man should be like this, parents should be cool, parents should be like a tree, you keep sending your children to them and what else do you want, respect should be given to the parents. Don't go for respect, go for love, you will get love. On the default setting, every child respects his/her father, just like when you open a laptop, there is a default setting while opening a mobile, is n't it the same with every other thing, so on the default setting, every child respects his father.  The child respects his father and wants to do so, but give him this respect, give him respect, give him sweet words, give him this, see that you push them away, you don't have anything to talk to, if he would have remained with them, then this year the new year starts.  yes  This is the thought process, this is the month of January, we can do it only after that then we will get busy in life, when the year starts now, it starts a bit sluggy, the person is thinking, what life have I lived, how have I lived, what corrections should I do now?  If I talk about the thought process, then this is to be sent to the children to their parents and to make the parents realize that do not go after respect, go after love and when there is love, wherever there is genuine love, there is something. What is the need to get angry, he said, he made a fuss, what happened, what happened, if the child is constantly insulting you 10 times a day for 365 days, then that would be an extreme thing, then he is a mess, but he has a case.  I will also see that child, you are the one who said what did you do to him or could you prevent what happened to him, what is happening to him that you did not allow to happen, that he is being so rude ever.  Also think about whether his belief systems are wrong, he is asking for your property and you are not giving the property, that is why he is being picky, then why is he asking for the property, why are you not giving, why can't that sense of communication happen?  Why does he have entitlement? Somewhere he has become silent to you, father and mother. If your children are being unruly in communication, then sometimes they become frustrated and sometimes what happens is that children are unruly, I have seen.  They are rude in reading the thoughts of their parents. They say they want to fight for their health. Go to our big city, I will get you treated here, no brother, I can't come, that means you can go to a government hospital in a small town. By wasting your vacation and getting treated, only then will we consider you a good daughter or son. In a big city, we didn't have anything in us to buy money, but the butt of us is like that of a good city or a small town.  If you liked the sound then do it.  Enjoy the wind, now again the same wind, why did the wind make you sick? You wouldn't have bought a small BHK and kept it on rent for the whole life and when such a problem would have come, you would have come to yourself and said, Son, now feed us in a hospital.  It would have been good for the son as well. There is a fat car next door, I called for a taxi, I reduced my own and gave a driver in front, yours has reduced but you will reduce that, now the children give him the things which are a matter of pain and say something.  if yes then he is rude You have become very ill-mannered, you have no respect for your parents, brother, you have no respect. We had respected you a lot. You had respected your father a lot. So, what did your parents see by giving you the Param Vir Chakra? Have you seen his Bharat Ratna?  Let's see whether you have received any award, Padmovibhushan, or have you been given something and you have lived such a great life, just like you advise parents, wake me up early in the morning, wake me up like this, do this, do that, hey, you have reduced everything in your life.  How is your health, what have you achieved in life, have you ever thought at the thought process level like I would like to make a video on this, I should wake up early in the morning, whenever you want, what time do you wake up, this is not important and this will only spoil the syllabus. I will give it to him, but if you want, then tell him one thing or the other, just not for D, if you can't cut off, then I will say no, it is not like this here, it is not like this, I doubt I am addressing D. Whatever advice you give to the older generation, whatever your thought process is, maybe they no longer work as patiently and if the children see that advice, they know it and they are being a little misbehaving or do not listen or do not listen to everything or  Sometimes they get angry or sometimes show frustration, then you are mentally and physically worried about what is happening in their life, just because it is your child, they have not reached it and pitted it.  Every time I fall, I listen to my father. If I fall into the pit, how many times will I fall? This could be an experience or you may be the kind of person who does what even the worst parents do many times. See, I told you, see, I told you, this makes you respect him a lot.  Yes, you said it, it is true that you say one and a half thousand things in a day, in which I am an astrologer, I know everything about probability and these predictions and keep making these 100 predictions a day about your child, it is okay.  On the contrary, punches will be fine from him, anything else will be punched, say, I told you, look, don't do this, I told you, then he did it to him, he is an idiot, if he does n't listen to me, then that means somewhere in your words. He doesn't even have the guts, it could be yours, out of 100, he didn't listen even to a single thing, and in 95, he got a lot of benefit by not listening, and out of the five things that he didn't listen to you, he suffered a loss, so in those things in which he suffered loss, you keep living it.  yes  95 You start counting the times in which there was benefit and overall there is no benefit in accepting your [ __ ] steel. Okay and there is benefit. Have you ever seen life like this? Am I opening the notes or am I talking a little rationally? You tell me. When the kind of knowledge that parents forcefully feed during the day becomes such a pilot, so much of it is there in the knowledge that some things will work and some will not work, first of all stop this force feeding like a small baby is being given to a small baby.  When the child is fed, he never eats, when the father is ill, something has to be given, medicine has to be given forcefully, that phenomenon in adult life, when the child grows up, you cannot do it, you can tell him this, brother, it is like this, whatever happens, I  I am with you, whether you listen to my advice or not, I am with you to increase your love. Do n't run after respect, your peon will also give you respect. The driver who comes to collect the garbage in the morning, the maid comes to him.  You will give respect, Bauji, Namaste, you will get this respect from many places, in India there is a lot of respect for white hair, that is why I do not dye black hair and I also tell the rest of you, when it happens, do not do it, respect is the default setting.  Because the things I say come out, people with black hair read a lot of them, I also get trolled, but if it increases 100 times, if the hair is not white then I am only respected on the default setting.  Now I know this not much, but people feel it and I am telling him that the default setting is respect. Brother, the way you open the laptop, I told you that the default setting is respect for him.  If yes, then don't go after respect which is on default setting. Go for love. I am telling children also to love you and periods and send them this knowledge which I am telling. Send it that brother, respect, what is respect, parents are here.  Specter, okay mummy, hey mummy, making tea is a nice respect, so it means you should go and make us tea, do something nice, mummy brother children, good talk, you parents, serve us, we will do it when you become very old, not too old now.  Yes friend, why don't you laugh a little when you are tired, I just want you oil, youngsters are getting older than their parents, neither do they have friends anymore, you have to be a friend and that never happens  They will not tell you because you should check their thoughts, their friend system is not much, go and ask them, what mistakes have they made in their life, what incidents have happened to them, they should discuss that brother, you are such a mess. I am doing this, I have already done the same, okay Baba, you also do it, then how did you get so much respect here, you have reached the pedestal, that child can't even talk, you are sitting here, that poor guy is somewhere here, so respectfully yours. Faithfully your Respectfully, write your application sincerely, then the same relationship will be there with the Principal. You have to become the Principal of your child. Dear Dear Loving Dear and Love Dear is the English word for Dear Love. Go after it. Affection is fine along with Khalu, this.  Go to the words, you respect, then in the heart, love is given once or twice, love is given many times, love is through every feeling, through every action, it is with you.  It is okay to come and sit, get coolness and press your feet. Then children should press the feet of their parents every day. No matter who is in front of them, even if they do it, they should press it. Whenever you press the feet of your parents, you are pressing their heart. Do you think this?  Lena Hot cannot be pressed. The doctor will tell me. Keep pressing here [Music] Everyone, white people get it. In India, they get it on default setting. Our country's values ​​are not so ruined right now, but right now it is too much.  It's okay, there is no need to be so worried right now, the experience is okay, the neighbor also watches, the neighbor's child also gives, but he does not give love, if love will give you its own, then tell your children that we need your love, sweet words below bitter words.  If you give then say the right thing, then say something, sometimes talk, sometimes show something, sometimes come, sometimes meet, sometimes talk, you are very great, what did you feed, what did you cook, for how long will you speak, how much will you speak and if his wife has  taken by mistake because now Apart from talking, he only goes around and around, then what will he agree with? Stay with the Japanese man now, what do you want from him, what are you doing, what are you doing, boy, what are you doing, girl, what do you want to hear?  What is your pain that will come and go away? There is a lot of pain in your life which has come forever, which has been given by your husband. I am addressing the women who are elderly women. May the pain be for your husband and for your father-in-law. Pain: The next generation cannot emerge. She has to come and understand and she can't even understand, she can't understand your compulsions, she has her own compulsions, you understand her compulsions, you tell her that this happened to me, these were my feelings, did you ever discuss them openly brother? You did it, now you also do like this, periods are not talking, parents have to talk, retirement is ours, tell everyone, what will you say, love love, love is needed, according to me, it means a little love between husband and wife and everywhere else. Parents should send this video to their children. Love should not be there. Don't you think? Now not all the things are accepted by the parents and they are not given to them, then if someone sees his respect on this then how will the next person even breathe? I will decide and the next person says I will not let you decide and give respect to your presence on this road, respect me, this is what I said, the definition of respect has become like this, children cannot respect because you Make the definition such that it becomes comfortable for them to be happy in the year, let there be happiness in the family and all will be well and in 2023, there will be hope in your family, this is the positive that I have tried to inculcate, may it become a plant and become a tree, thank you.