Hello friends, today's topic is Fear of Failure. We will discuss about it. Clarity comes in life only when you question all the old assumptions and understand them by tweeting for today's times and operate them in your life and whatever.  The thing is being told to you but you are not able to understand it in general or you are feeling that maybe this dozen works in real life. If you should question these things then yes fear of failure is called normally don't. Do Fair Tree, try again, it should not happen, there are many motivation gurus, there are many motivation books on these things, today I want to take a different take on this, maybe a little deeper higher order abstract, if you guys understand, then I wrote S.  If you want then write N then I will try. Most of the people write S, those who understood and those who enjoyed, that is, if they understood, then only they enjoyed, that is, the level is higher than that. Imagine, okay, so yes, if you like this. It is very important for parents but it will come in less time. This is to form a relationship, this is for business, this is because of investment, when we say that failure can definitely happen, then is this fear of failure a bad thing, then yes, absolutely.  It is not a bad thing if you have it, we have to see where it comes and first understand the fair. It is an English word, brave is brave, what to do, many people commit suicide because of it. He is not afraid.  She will do it [Music] Those who do not share are killed, they cannot survive, there is a prince within the courage, there is a prince not just mere courage, for example, if someone is our soldier brother and he is doing such things, do you know? How do they do it? They are courageous, not because they don't get fooled, but they have so much training, they have faith in their training and carry it out with confidence, if they don't have the action of fair.  If you go again, you will be killed without achieving any goals. The one whose brain is not operating normally or has been damaged in some way, the brain is not bad. In this, I would like to tell that he is a very great person of our India. I took his name and I took his name.  If I add what I am saying then I will get a lot of trouble so I will not take the name but still I will tell and if you guys can understand then understand that he is a very good company player, it is okay that he is not among us yet, he has reached the very top position.  Life  He has a huge public too, many of his videos are played, it is okay that it is not because of the failure, my rocket did not go, mine did not reach, it did not happen, it happened, there is a failure, no problem, we did it like this, it is easy to say that government money was spent and neither.  Failure seems to be a little less. When you have to do something in your life with a capital of Rs 500,000, then failure happens with someone else's money. If you ever see someone else's money, if someone else's money is involved, then the cost of failure automatically reduces.  And especially in government settings where You can even call drying anything an achievement. Some Babu scheme comes out worth Rs. 1000 crores. Its efficacy is worth Rs. 2000 crores. Ca n't test its efficiency. It was set out to do good for the poor. How much good did it do and could it have been a failure?  She can never know, so when people come and tell her the knowledge, people like those who grow up in public life and do it and people look at them at this level, it is okay and they  It seems like ' Hey man, this is motivating me and I should not have the rate of failure. In many institutions, people are like this on failure, this is leadership, I want responsibility. You don't have a choice, it was your responsibility, no one. Everything is written before it happens that if it gets damaged then whose responsibility it is and you are taking responsibility for it, then there should not be any clipping of yours, it is you who is responsible.  A lot of people have taken the virtues of this thing, people have also reduced its numbers, people have also looted it that the OS is my take it is fine, I took it by my fault, neither is it a very great thing, whose fault it is.  Anyway, a stamp is put on the forehead, there are many parents who try their best to raise their children, but do not pay that much attention, are not involved that much, or their own funds are so round and in the end, if the children do not turn out well, then they  also on  We do not do this on responsibility. What is responsibility? Are we parents? Then again we come to the seniors in Fair of aliens. For what reason? Whenever fair comes in our life, we do not have to deny it. That fair comes from two or three things, these are education.  If you don't have the support to deal with the situation, then only two things can happen, brother, don't do that thing or do it as per your capability and if we force you into it then it's ok to have a child.  He is 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 years old, that is, very little will be learned in parenting. What I am explaining to you is the fair of Tej, which also happens in the poem, you people have also heard in it many times, teachers come on come on come from parents.  After turning it on, they tell the child to come on again and again because this is what the parents have taught them, from where they are imparting knowledge to the children by watching videos, reading books of elders, overcoming motivation and completing their love. If a child is not sent up then it can be a lifelong trauma for him. If the children laugh at him, if you have not done your best preparation, then if a child is very nervous, do not send him. Whatever his fear of failure is, it is real, prepare him. Prepare him, he will still be there, I am not agreeing but don't push him who is going till the fair paralysis, it will be lifelong problem and will never go away and the wounds of childhood which penetrate here till youth.  If you don't come out till old age then it is a big thing, what I am explaining is a very abstract thing and it is counter-narrative, many will write in the comments because your belief system has been filled with it for so many years. No, no, I have to reduce it further.  First of all, even after having option software, the share remains, it is not that the fair is zero, but the fair is a good thing, it maxes you. Now they will say that it has become an extreme fair, that if you do not have to do anything, then that is one.  This is an extreme thing, he has gone towards parallelises, now do n't normalize this extreme thing because degree is also a thing, otherwise everyone will say ok, fear of failure, so don't try anything like this, I am not advocating date. Don't do anything for the sake of fair fair, but this is what I am saying, don't ignore your fate, don't accept it, there are two types of advisors you will get, look carefully and in the friend circle, both of them are messed up.  And there is this change factor and there is a very narcissistic manipulative and kind of system behind it. In India, it is a challenge to bring the words into deep understanding, to convey them in a tangible way, but you are trying to understand, sometimes you are trying, and if you are trying,  If you are successful then also write below. There are two types of advisors. One advisor will give you the one who will give you, it cannot happen to you, you will not be able to do it, baithakur, if it will not happen to you, child Munna, if it will not happen to you, there will be one who will give you the help, it will be fine.  Do it, do it, do it, nothing happens, both of you are crazy, if this man is telling you that it is wrong, you will fail, but in this he is giving solution and reasoning and he is giving an advice, the solution, reasoning and advice may be wrong. I am telling you this but you will feel its intensity if someone in your life comes and takes you down only with women, you will not be able to do it, will not be able to do it, will not be able to do it, will not be able to do it.  If you find out then he is not your well wisher, he is jealous of you and the other man who wants to spoil you, knows how to exalt himself to such an extent that he sends you such dialogues and you get scandalized somewhere. After that, you will not be able to do the same thing and then he will give it to you even after that, no problem, you tried it, hey, people don't even try, hey, you tried this too, either its intention is bad or the crazy book and the devil which have given you a chance.  There is a mistake in something where there should be a fair view of the failure, there should be a process and it is not you who is sending it through him, its only this come on come on, if this one is a flower or a devil, start recognizing the people in your life.  Point out, this is a flower, this is a devil, this is a flower, this is a god and this is the brother who thinks that you are so manipulative, friend, reduce this and you will get these relatives, you will get friends, you will get acquaintances, you will not find any stranger.  You will find these two categories in your family: Your own parents, Subject: Your own parents, Your own wife, Your own husband, Your own children, Your own father-in-law, Your own relatives, This is what I am also telling you.  Everyone has their own agenda. Everyone has their own agenda. Whether this is done or not done, some unnecessary parties are coming in and some unnecessary ones are coming out. This is happening constantly and is controlled fairly. Understand.  It is less than fair, you can talk to a lawyer, talk to a doctor, talk to an astrologer, still it is sold only through fair, if you can control it then the application of fair is not good, if you have it, then cool it.  Analyze it mentally, I am going to make a slightly longer video and tell you to do it to understand better. You have three options to do anything in life. All three can be related like this.  They may be different, okay, one has less, one probably has very less, so is the path which has the least is the right path, while there are three different things, can there be which factor in which you will see, here you will see the factor Race Tu Reward If I put it in the scale of zero to 100, then I can call it a risk. One word is correct that here the chance of spreading is 60%, somewhere it is 40%.  If it is 20% then what is my risk? I have made 6040, now I have to see how much is the record by taking a risk of 60. If I have it in my life, then calculate its proportion. It is possible that you may not collect 60 or it is possible that you may collect 60. Yes.  D Risk is more but D Reward is extremely high It can change your life So you have to understand Do n't watch it in isolation Add risk and  Reward is not so simple, life is not so simple, don't be afraid come on duet, man gets broken from inside, a picture has been made today, a producer, don't be afraid of failure, very hero, heroine is top and his advisors told him  Come on, you were such a good actor then produce a picture because no one is giving you an actor. Successful actors, you are very young because he was not a failure if he was furferior.  If it happens, then analyze whether it is in his control or not, then never deny your efforts, you have to see someone, you have to confirm the lock of knowledge, you have come from the lock of exposure, you have come from the lock of training, you have come from the lock of Understanding do they come from something which is not time jibe means then there is no advice to you as to why this fair is coming because it is possible that such a thing has happened to you and there are many things genuine in it.  There may be many things that you do not have in the genuine skill set and due to that the fair is A, then the fair has to be addressed to you here by improving your skills by learning because you cannot prepare food to eat.  So you are afraid that I don't know how to cook food, bring another cook in case he gets sick or something like that happens, then as you keep backup plans in your systems, your career will reduce.  It will be okay, whatever thing will be done with confidence and you must have written down everything, you must have written down all your tricks, then when you will reduce them, then you will turn from a crazy person to a human being. It is one thing to be a human being, another thing is to be a human being.  A brave person and a courageous person have a brain. They don't have a brain. They are fools. They will get caught once, they will be saved twice, but for the third time, their countdown starts. They will destroy the business. Make such a plan that even a mountaineer would say.  there are many like this  Attracts, this is also on social media or better, it is easier to be a flamboyant on someone else's money, when you do not have your own garden, then it is easier to think of someone else's money. There are many children who become flamboyants on the money of their parents.  If you start a business, you will exhaust all the money or if you will borrow it from someone else, then it will be fair and failure. I will just samurai, just understand from where it is coming, it is coming right here, it is only me who has come.  If I have to do something, I have to address him as him or sometimes we call him as him. Address his side. Address your children 's side. You make your child like a lion. First see for yourself whether you are a lion or you yourself.  Are you a jackal or what are you? Lion's cub, lion's cub, Jai, whether it is a pig's cub, a jackal's cub is a child, a child is afraid, the lion 's cub is also afraid, and the lion's cub also needs protection. The lion's cub goes private.  Okay, if both the lion and the lioness disappear, leaving the children behind, they are also programmed. The lion's child will also be scared and it is good to be afraid because if he is not afraid, then he will let the father and mother go. It is good for the lion, isn't it?  Sometimes I laugh a little at your examples but are you people trying to understand, okay do n't force your children into lions, okay first see for yourself, the lion and the child need protection, they are forced on the stage. Gave a chadha to a height Gave a chadha to something You will do it to him Address his anger from within Make him strong We were not created like this in a mostly Indian society Child and we just hang ourselves by the hair of stupidity  By chanting something like this, 15 seconds, just 2 minutes, that something can be reduced, life cannot be lived, therefore this fair cannot be done either by doing this or by drinking some keg or by intoxicating or You can make your lion disappear for a while by hitting some dirt, but if it is not cheap then it is fair, let it come, address it and where it is not there, the address is there, that means there are some shortcomings, he will have to leave the thing because  You ca n't live on lifeline anxiety and if you have been fair in everything then date men then it is too much of a membrane due to such experiences in your childhood. It could have been a long topic and it could have had some side effects as well.  A little deeper video can be made, but I will stop it. How did you guys like it? If you want something more subtle in this kind of video then please tell me, I will definitely make them and share them on this channel. If you watch the stock market.  The end is different, the mental model is different and this one is also turning out to be excellent, which is never taught in Indian schools and colleges, nor does anyone mention or tell, it is a very high level content. It is a very high level content which comes out of observation. This is what I am bringing, if I write a research paper or something like that then I will become more famous but I will not be able to reach out to you among the people and this video is my request which the audience is listening to till now please share with me.  They are dear to you, share them among them, share them with your children also and let them come out with dear ones, how did you feel, do tell us, do write in the comment section, thank you.