Hello friends, this is a very important topic, it will benefit many people, it is okay if you give the name of son, do not give money or even give some money, give a little loan, then this is a very important topic, please share it with your parents and society.  If you want to share in it then you can also see brother, if you are buying something worth Rs 1 crore, you are buying a plot, you are buying a flat, you are buying anything, then it said that now the parents are less in front, sorry, meaning if there is less in life, then there is the loan issue.  And  If the son is employed, he is employed, if he gets a loan, then parents many times say that no, you give your name, you do not need to pay much money, we will give the rest, how to do, Idli is not necessary.  Now many people will be involved in this, they are brought up by their parents because I have heard that they are getting headaches, their heads are splitting. In this, the parents squeeze a child and after marriage, the wife is discovered and then their heads are splitting.  What else happens Sun Lo  Today it is okay for the society, whatever has been put under the carpet, I bring original topics, I bring original content which will touch your heart and will not touch your soul, which means everything will be done for your entire family. You have also taken 20% of your  Have you given 20% of the house in the name of your son? Why did you do the house? We will take food and we will take our words, this is what we will get, after you leave, only he will get it, but you will probably go in 35-40 years.  You are not going in 3540 days, Han, how is he talking, what is he telling you, what is the rudeness, Han ji, listen to me, I have seen that property worth 40 lakhs, two and a half, three, four fives becoming worth 10 crores, some child has invested money in it.  If they give 25% of it then it becomes zero and the property becomes so big and then those parents can later say that we gave it in your marriage, we would have made everything equal for you, the question here is not that  Man and father are cheating, we are not able to know what is happening because it will be seen, you can even let him stay at home, the question is that the child, who is 23, 24, 25 years old, has a job, his sense of accomplishment and  Where is the achievement, he has nothing, his wife will say, what do you have, he has nothing, right, I am paying this, he and he are in many cases, man, take this, I am not paying.  But the name has been given in the loan, it has nothing to do with you, this is the best scenario which is very rare, something or the other has to be given, it is said that you will also be there now, it may be his younger brother or sister who is still in college.  The person who is studying or is studying in school cannot take a loan. Now how can anyone calculate it because time value of money is also something which people in India do not even know about. 2001  of 15  Even today, 15 lakh people take one person, this also happens, it is okay, no one will explain this to you, the question is this and if such questions and answers are asked later, they too will be in a lot of pain and there is no resolution to it.  Till their death, the parents think that they are a dirty, bad son, they have taken out the son formula, what have I got in life, what are my achievements, if you will be seen, then even the younger ones will be seen, what they have given and will be seen in this never ever end.  Ahsaanaaj, I want to explain one thing to the society with a lot of responsibility, take sun carefully, please pray, parents should also take sun and children should also take sun and stay away from this guilt, parents do not leave anything behind for the children.  Be it education or heart gets broken, if such a system is made, if there is a rule of law, if there is such an intercessor, God please come, there is some discovery that there is another life after this life, he can transfer the money of this life.  And  You have a demat account or one inside bitcoin or there is a facility to make a draft in which you can transfer the wealth and take it and you but you are not going there now to do it there you will work hard again and here children  If you leave it for a favor then you have to remember its advice. Any person, I have heard many times in my life at different places, your children will speak, his children will speak, you will do it, we do it for all the children, take care of all the children and take care of the parents.  know all  Parents know what I am talking about, children, Sun Lo, today I am telling you a secret, Indian children, Sun Lo, with lot of wisdom and lot of experience, no parent ever creates a property for their children and then leaves it.  We make them so that you can look at them as fools, don't talk about it, what did you make for us, what did you do to that thing, so that it does not fall in their eyes, so that it can become Chaudhary, so that they have it, because even the parents don't have it.  Address How many years are you alive? Can you live till 95? 35 years is not less. Nowadays, how will one survive for 35 years without earning? Government servants are getting 123% pension and their pension is also not fulfilled. Tell me this too.  Whenever your life is over, the rest of the people do not have anything, social security is not there, social system is there, otherwise you will eat, what else is there, tell me where will that income come from for retirement. After this, people will eat only that financial asset which is yours, then all your financial assets will turn into dust. Due to inflation, people will eat so much. What was the amount of 10 lakhs 22-23 years ago and what is the amount left today? 10 lakhs.  If you people know, then listen to me, no one is doing you any favor, if your name is ever asked for a home loan, clear the discussion, now they will say, friend, now understand, understand this thing carefully.  You have given your name, if you have contributed 20% in the loan and the loan has to be given to you, then you have also taken 20% name in the property. After taking the name in the property, if the person has to leave the property after 5 years, then the valuation is 20% at the market rate. Date: Make it Expected YouTube Whether you want to invest 20% of it in economics, but when you go and buy a property for yourself at the age of 30 years, 32 years, 33 years, that  The loan is going on, you have nothing to do with them, who am I to give the loan, if it is in your name then it is in your name, it will make a difference to your loan eligibility, you have to remember that if you have got your name registered somewhere along with your brother. Along with it, you have shown the name along with it and are not giving it. If your loan taking capacity is Rs 80 lakh and you have taken a loan of Rs 40 lakh in the name of someone else's property, even if you are not giving it like this.  So yours Rijiju  Capacity of 40 lakhs or you will not get anything in it, then wife has asked for explanation from you and enough has been said before getting married, especially the boys who are from IITM, parents are giving them nichodi, I am also telling you this, hey friend, you are always parents. Why does he keep speaking like this against me, he does n't speak always, the topics are different from mine, I speak only two to four times a month, it's okay, he doesn't speak always, so keep me up to date.  Perspective But wherever there is a reason for sorrow, wherever there is control over it, where no one is making a video, where no one is making a video, tell me one thing, this thing that I am telling you, who will teach you this, if the parents will not teach you in the future, then that is all simple.  They will say son, if you take it, everything is yours with us, we have everything, your life doesn't work like this, we have yours, now Pathan movie is being released, there are 24 tickets for ₹ 2400 in Umesh Mall, so now you have to You will have to buy a ticket of Rs. 2400, you will have to see it, your wife will have to see it, I will have to see it only on 25th of January, which is being released when this video is being made. This may be released later but that is being made earlier, so where will that expense come from? Parents will give, parents will give, parents will have to stop saying this because if you repeatedly  If you say that we will get permission to go, then due to the economic condition of today's children, we will keep waiting for when will we go, when will we go, when will we go, do you want your children to wait, when are we going, why do you say, this is our talk only about you, I mean yours.  If it is theirs, then what is the need to tell it, it is ours, it is yours today itself, it is something to be believed, for now, enjoy the name, if it is ours, then keep it, then believe that it is a special thing, if you miss it, you will be left with the virtual means of searching for it. out of  Necessity People Have in India Debt is a Bigger Pro Big Problem Who brought it till date no next generation will take it and I have ironed that a 90 year old man leaves it for a 60 year old man, all the programs of the 60 year old man are done and he is 60.  A person of 30 years does not give money to his 30-year-old son, he also sits for 30 years, my father also sat there, I will also baithaunga, so after us you take it, after us you take it, there is never any structuring, nothing.  If it were so, brother, the name of your home or room that you want to give, is it ever very clear, do you get respect in the society, take it, all the property which is in your name is yours, remember, everything else is an illusion, only if the property is in the name of your husband and  If it is not in wife's name then it should be 50% in wife's name also and there is no need to make it 100% in wife's name also. Make it 50-50 between husband and wife. Whoever has the property in his name, that property belongs to him.  you are staying he  We have kept it in a bonfire because when did anyone say that it is ours or you go out, no one trusts him, so you have to be very careful in this matter, you can also tell the parents that where will we go by cheating, you are not letting us.  We are taking a loan, that loan will be credited to your account and the property will be purchased. If the property is worth Rs 1 crore and I am giving Rs 25 lakh, then why would I cheat in transferring 25% in my name? Why are you not doing it? What is the problem? what's wrong  Where will I run away with it, if you did not give it to him and you gave it to him, then you have to give it to your child at the age of 22, if you have got it, then you have to definitely give it, it is not that father owes everything to his father.  For some reason, this is also growing up in the family, they have taken a lot from their parents, snatched it, got it, something has happened and they are not giving anything to the next generation and they are saying brother, then their values ​​change, now we have read you.  If you have already written then this also does not have to be done. If you have gone suppose I have gone all the support and everything from my parents is fine and everything I have gone on the platter and Merraco has benefited everywhere, meaning whatever properties.  So I should not hesitate in giving the benefit of properties to my future children because if you do not reduce this then I am telling one simple thing to the girl's family today, openly because I am telling the society by clicking on  I am an anti boy, pro girl, on every video you are anti female, all my antimalas are there, see all mine, I am new to anti male anti female, so I am telling you what is happening like an auditor checks.  Girls, when you are getting married to a boy, then go and check once that he is a boy, how many loans are there on his head, the mortgage is not complete, and if it is mortgaged then it should be disclosed. Namaskar ji, Hamara.  boy it's like this it's so much we  He has taken a loan, he will repay it like this or we will reduce the expenses in the marriage and in this we will repay you, you will have to make some disclosures like this, you will have to do the documents carefully before investing, so that is the marriage happening isn't it?  So, this offer document must be correct. Similarly, I will make it clear to the girl's family that they should also make a lot of disclosures. You are being mortgaged somewhere, something went wrong with your job yesterday, something else went wrong with your wife, child, left right sign, attention. Keep in mind that you are not going to buy property yourself because it is a bull market right now. The bull market is going to last for 24 years and 5 years. Whoever has leverage in it has made the property rocket and if he wants to get more property then be very clear. In the bull market, he should take leverage for himself.  What is the problem, if you want to enter a woman's name, then give your wife 's name. Say ok, Papa, I will take the loan. Give my wife's name because in the name of a woman, man takes the registration rate. Water water is also decreasing, so please, if you society take care of me, then going forward, this is the seed of tribulation, it is the seed of tribulation, when will its harvest be ripe, when will it come upon you and you will have to suffer, that is what time tells.  He does n't feel on time, so you should make it clear that for such parents, we are doing it for this, but we are doing it for this, but if he has a brother, then there is another child too, this daughter-in-law is also there, is there a son-in-law?  Will go son daughter combination and 150 comes later, then what is his sense of achievement, he did not give the property from the age of 22 years to the age of 21 years till the age of 35 years, you did not give the money which he had taken from the loan.  By the way, we would have made your marriage equal. If his son had known that money was being spent on his marriage, he would have said, I am not spending even a single rupee of mine, so save it all, I will take such trips with you and call him.  Shaadi wadi video will also be made, watch that too, thank you very much