Hello friends, this is a very important topic for the society and you will have to share this video. This is the topic. Should you stay with a relative of a friend when you are visiting a city? Should you stay at the house of a friend or relative if you are visiting a city?  If you are going, then it is a simple question but there is a need to discuss it because my audience is the middle class audience, I am addressing this hair wear here and not below a particular class. I mean relative of friend, what dozen means, first let me tell you the definition otherwise you will get confused. Your parents will not come under relative. Blood relations will not come under your parents. Your own. Your wife's parents. Your brothers and sisters. Apart from these, they don't have anything, any relation from mother's side, father's side, distant cousin's friend's, all these are related, everything else is relative, other than that which is blood relation, any direct blood relation is fine. Apart from this, should you go, then the answer is yes, first, no, then I start telling you because this disease is spreading like an epidemic, because of shyness, I am not refusing, so let's start this before I start.  Then people will say, 'Dude, you come here and spoil the fabric of the society. By coming like this, you make things, this is not our sanskar. Such sanskars also have to be changed according to the society. There are many sanskars which are social conditioning. I have come here as a social observer. There should be a need in every century. It was there in 18th, 17th and 19th. There were many at that time. Okay, but now no one comes because they feel ashamed. Through technology, many people can come, this message can be spread, so you understand that earlier also people used to go to relative's house, do you remember earlier there was actual poverty and there was no choice.  Plus Quid Pro used to say that I will come to you, you will come to me, I used to create brotherhood by doing this, even Despina, women are above 60 years of age, whoever is listening to me or is their mother, please check with them or you already know.  Must be that he is very fed up with the fact that your father's relatives used to come and sit like this, mine used to come less, he did so much, his hands became crooked, he got pain in his legs, he got arthritis, his eyes got damaged.  I got messed up or we just remained standing at the stove, we were like this and if we come and taunt and go away then we are bitter, there is no happiness if we did, and these days when marriages have become so fraught, ego.  The sizes of the houses themselves have reduced so much and the technology has become so much that people would like to sleep in AC. If there are only two rooms in your house and a relative or friend comes, in which room will you put him, which one is the best of yours?  room  There is an AC person, he or she must be staying outside in the drawing room, earlier there were no issues of these things, and I am addressing a particular section because there is a particular section which has not yet reached that level and there they do not have any problem.  There was a time when people would come for weddings 10 days in advance, functions would be held, some would rent quilts, some would take pillows, some would take mattresses, people would sleep in homes and  Someone used the bathroom, did this, took a bath, and it was a festive atmosphere and it is not like that these days, these days there are privacy issues, that is and other things, watch the video discuss, even if it is a little long, understand it because you will like it.  It will give a lot of clarity. You may be that relative yourself who was thinking of going to someone's house, then you will know all these aspects. It may be that you yourself are the person with whom this is happening, this or that issue.  Yes, I am a grassroots leader. I am bringing the issues which no one else is bringing. Add YouTube2 subscribers and put it on family groups. Although people will say that you have put this message, then we understand that you can see it, put it in any way.  If you can then it's fine then first of all you will say why do you have to go there the basic thing is to save money so to save your money because today there is Dharamshala of every rate I used the word from Dharamshala I used five star hotel.  No, he said, Oyo, the hotel rooms are two star, three star, everything is ready, you only have one day 's work, why do you have to go to the exam, yes, we had an exam, so the exam is tomorrow, so we have come at night, now you will say, yes, we are  You have come only once, what is the problem that the old man is now living in Delhi, his relative is coming to Delhi, he is being treated in AIIMS, he is being treated in Ganga Ram, brother, your treatment will be fine, come for a few days. Gaya, there are few days for you, we have 50 relatives, some are coming for one day, some are coming for one and a half day, some are coming for two days, children have to study, she travels, there are fights between husband and wife, he cannot help the wife.  One husband had to roam around wearing a nightie, the other man had to roam around in a raw vest, the other man, depending on the gender, who is coming, you are feeling uncomfortable, otherwise this was the case earlier also, earlier brother, tolerance powers were more.  There were issues of cloth house, now we are not that poor, now these are the issues, these days children need their own space, small property is becoming so expensive, from where can you give a room and if someone gives you a room, then that room is  I may not have a TV, so you get angry that I have n't got a TV person, then the biggest problem that is happening these days is the issue of food, the youngsters who are new, there are marriages etc., brother, that is in the evening. do your homework  Or did he sleep after eating Maggi or did he eat too heavy today, eat khichdi, whatever his diet is, the husband and wife will decide or the family will decide. Here I want to tell you one more thing, your only son is from BH in Pune.  If one is living on rent in BH or one of your cousins ​​is going then there is no problem because that energy will match and that one will wait from my Bihar to my UP. Well, that is a different thing, he is living alone, there is no issue of living alone, a sister has gone and came back living with her brother, okay, parents have come, a son is living in a big city, he has no issues.  You can also go with a friend, if he is living alone then he is most welcome but here I am telling the setup where it is a married setup where your wife will not have to cook food for that relative of yours and will also have to keep the bathroom clean.  there will be a little fight If you stay at someone's house for three days, you will know all the secrets of his house, at what time, who comes, how many maids are kept, what is the standard, what is the food, all that and that.  There are a lot of judgmental people, it is not that look, whoever's house you are going to, you are also not comfortable. I am also addressing you people who have a habit of staying in the houses of relatives, you too are not comfortable and the next one too.  It is not comfortable and it is a thankless job, neither you are clapping him nor he is clapping you and there are many issues in everyone's house which were not there before, mental issues, fighting, quarreling, coming late, coming early and right now I am in that domain.  I am not going to know whether this man is coming, does he seem to be in a relationship or is it a woman and those aspects which you can understand, I am not going to go, I am just dealing superficially.  I am fine in this, brother, whatever is yours, fold your hands and say brother, stay in the hotel, here is the money, you are showing me money, my wicked brother, I cannot keep you at home, sorry very, very sorry, very, very sorry.  No, no, I can't keep you in my house, straight forward. Okay, sometimes what will happen is that some people will come and threaten you. Whenever someone threatens you, then tell him at that time that this is Ube Rola and this is a hotel and this is yours.  I made you feel bad  Then he will feel bad because tell me you will feel bad, I am feeling bad that you have come to my house unannounced, it is okay and it will remain like this here, I am never talking about blood relations, if a real brother comes to his real brother 's house.  He is going if he has a day's work, so he will stay, that is why it is not an issue, I am telling you that close relations are very few, first of all, there are two, three, four and they will not come and sit every day, but  Normally, if we leave it loose, the villagers will also come and stay, some friend will also come and stay, father's friend will also come and stay, he is such a domineering father-in-law or he is also mine, he is coming, take our son's stay, hey, his wife will say hey.  Hey hello, who is that father-in- law, the one who is my mother-in-law's husband, the one who tells me every day, who is on the phone, her husband's i.e. a friend of your father, I am not here, please do not do it.  If Papa will feel bad, then women have made it so much that Papa will feel bad, they say, they say, we will feel so bad that you will not understand what to do, so be practical in today's times and do not be so shameless that you tell your friend's son.  Or you are going to your daughter's or someone 's house, brother, you will carry the money on your chest, all these hotels are open, go and stay in them, no, we don't like outside food like this, brother, if it is so much trouble, then sit in your house, it is okay there too. He did not prepare the dishes like the one to whom you are going, then you will ask there to judge, how come the towel was not given? People are like this, they do not bring all their luggage with them, they will use slippers only, otherwise they will get only this, this and this, I will get this.  I bring these things to the society at great cost, you think, am I not a judge, am I not a judge, my opinion came out of my mouth, you forwarded the video, then you became a judge, that is why my channel has such explosive growth. Although I am doing very good work, although I have got about 1.25 lakh subscribers, it is not decreasing but you have to subscribe to this channel, all these awkward situations, awkward issues and all these issues affecting the society, given by youtube0, you can listen to it.  You can do it because there is no end to it because if the husband comes, then the wife will also come and when the husband's relatives come, the wife does not like it, but when the wife's come, the husband is the husband who doesn't like anything.  You don't have to do this, you do n't give a glass of water, it becomes like this is my house, brother, the house belongs to both of us, when you enter into this competition, it will become like this and when the children grow up, then there will be more issues.  Let's go, your child should talk rudely with you, he is your child alone, it is not a big deal, Karli, okay, okay, I will take water myself, okay, I will turn off the light, this is the one in the fridge, some relative from outside came here  has happened  In front of him, the child is still a child, he has to change a bit, it is okay, then he will feel bigger to you, then he will go and say, his children, that means you are exposing your household in today's time for everything, it was an issue years back also but years.  Back, no one had the courage, there was no Guruji like me who could come and put a stamp on this through video. I am putting a stamp because I am a marital consultant. Family. I am a dispute consultant. I deal with property issues. I deal with people's indifference issues. Happiness is my course. You will find all these comments in the comment section. I have told you things from Happiness Course OneToPractical, that too in small quantity, buy them. Or take membership of the channel, I am spreading this awareness through workshops and webinars, these changes will have to come in the society, if the one I had created in the hospital  Someone is gone, how to help him, how much was that video liked, how practical was that brother, why are you going to show, if you want to help someone genuinely, then this is the way, this is the same thing, this is your exam, do you have any paper work?  Do you have your registry, do you have any work, so brother, stay where there is work to work, many people are changing like a train, so go ahead and stay there, wash your hands and face, eat food, do this.  I will take it all, brother!  These days the facility is available at the railway stations. The railway station may not be available anywhere else, so there are parking places everywhere within half a kilometer of the railway station, which means there are good hotels of every price range, you can come and go in them and then there are also there.  If we go to his house, we will not go empty handed. Why do we bother about anything? I will buy something for him, then I will go, then I will give him this and this, this and this Haryana, and there are many more things in this, do n't you know, I will give this to him and will come back after giving Sagan.  I will come after doing something, why are you going through the hoops, my friend, why are you wasting your time in such useless things, you are doing someone else's, these days brother, friendship is not on phones, as much as Nimani is, he is not talking about blood relations because he  No one can have 100 Hajj relations, but anyway, once you have done well, once you have made it such that if you do not refuse me once, then it will not happen next time too, once it did not happen to one and all the relatives are like you have three maternal uncles.  Two  If you have an aunt, then you have kept one, then you will not keep the other one, then brother, it will be very difficult, then she is there, her child is also coming, then he is also coming, then sister-in- law is also coming, then he is also coming, brother, tell me no.  Our small and at many places you see this, work from home is going on, I am giving so many logical reasons, work from home is going on, your wife is working from home, now this issue there is a practical issue and  Lo brother, maybe your family likes quiet and the relative who comes may be a gossiper, then there will be a problem or vice versa. If the relative comes who is a relaxed type and you have a chatterbox system, it happens in homes and something else.  Otherwise, the child is crying, you just can't become exactly like the way your relative is, you can't become someone like this, neither are those issues, he is getting angry, that's it  He did not become silent, either he was very silent, he had kept his face, brother, I went, so-and-so's daughter-in-law did not talk, so-and-so's son did not talk, brother, his children did not come to say hello, not this, he, he is like that, brother, that.  No one comes for their life, it's just another day, there is nothing special that you came, you are not a very special person in their life, they kept you one day, you were a very big thing, there are 50 shortcomings in that too.  If you take it out, will Gabbar be happy next time? When you come again, you have to see whether his wife will be happy, that is, I am saying wife, I am here because as soon as you go, you will tell me that the tadka in the dal was not right, it was not like that.  These earlier issues had always been there before, but earlier I did not have the courage to speak, to tell father, where father sent someone from the village, some uncle came, someone's distant relatives came.  She did n't have the courage, friend, don't do it to save your four paisa, you live in such a place that you call that relative and tell him that today we will eat here and talk, why don't you do this so that the lady also gets changed that friend, that uncle ji. When they come, they stay in a nice hotel and feed us very good food. Why can't this happen? The relationship is also established, you took them out on an outing, even took their photo, they happily drank mocktail and also ate food.  His children will also be happy and all of them will wait. When are you coming again? You can maintain such a relationship, you will have to spend money, you will not get votes like this, even votes are being voted, elections are going on with votes, nowadays, you can get votes for free.  If you go, you will have to tell some stories, if not a good one, you will get it just like that, so what is this matter now, my audience is very defined in my mind for whom I am giving the messaging, so this message is not for every section of the society.  The class for whom this is my core audience, if you are not there, then enjoy some other videos, but this is a special one of mine, it is for the middle class and a little towards the upper middle class, the messaging for them is that brother, learn to say no and your Send this video to your relatives by pressing the button so that everyone understands and everyone says, this is a very good idea, why can't we go and give a break in relations? Apart from this, I have another video which I will tell later.  That is a very amazing idea. There will be talk about blood relations and mother-in-law and father-in-law, what to do in it, it will be a lot of fun and as the month of 2017 is coming, it will be applicable for that too. What video will it be? You guess and tell me, okay in the comment section.  Now like it, share it and these are practical things of the society, listen and don't feel guilty. If you are that woman, there is no need to worry madam, this video is not going to give husbands to their husbands, I know them. Because it has to be done but if the wife is listening, if you are that wife, if you agree because there is never an end, one day, two days, just two days, brother, today you have to get treated, many people in the hospital, brother, three months.  Even if you have to get treatment, why are you staying in our house, friend, you have to get treatment for three months, you have to get treatment for two months, you have to get it done, you make some other arrangements, friend, get a rent next door, the system is working everywhere now.  There is Medanta Hospital in Gurgaon, opposite Sector 38 39. Which one is there? The entire ecosystem is built there. The money for accommodation will be spent. It is just to save our money. No, we have to do this. Sometimes what happens is that I will explain in more examples. Now I am a girl, someone's daughter, now she has got a job, just like she got it in Gurgaon, in a big city, in a small town, now she has a relative with her, he will say that you should go and live with him. Why don't you do a job here brother? You will be safe. Your daughter's safety is important. We believe that it is better that the girl does not get spoiled and stays there. Man, how much breath will that girl suffocate in that house and whether that girl is a young girl or a young man these days.  Leave the girl, take the young boy, who wants to take responsibility, tell me where she is going, whom she is meeting, when she is coming, you are not able to control your children, you should not even control them, use of color words is fine, but you know about your children.  I am not sure as to how to guide them, you keep other people's children and if something happens, that clapping should not be yours. If she has to do a job, she will live in a PG, she will live in a flat, she will live in a society, then it is the law of the country.  Yes, and if this is all happening, then that girl's mother or someone else should shift with her and they will get her a one BH room on rent for Rs. 12, 15, 20, 25, fully furnished or what type of house do you want?  Tell me why are you living in his house? Why are you staying in his house or not? You just have to do an internship for three months. Why are you snatching away the life of a family for 90 days in a three month internship because in 90 days you have to give brokerage to someone to rent the house. Paying that security of one month means a lot for you, then you will be worried that if you have spent so much, then what is the point of a job, its salary is exactly this much.  There is a problem of employment of youth, this is also an issue, but it does not mean that any other house will solve your problem by staying in their house, this model will have to be broken, society does not have to live as a rule because times have changed.  Even before, no one had stayed happily but did not have the courage to say no, so not to mention, those times were very good, so ask all those women who are now in their 60s and 70s, give them good wishes.  Extremely happy, what did they have to do? Nowadays, they still eat two rotis, earlier they used to eat 810, it is fine, and three-three-four-four used to stay ahead, had to make 25-25 rotis at a time, it would cost them their lives. Nowadays, a woman cannot cook 25 chapattis in 4 days. It is okay to bring small things in life. This is expertise, not the knowledge obtained from a book, this is the knowledge seen in the society. Subscribe to the channel, many people are getting great relief in their lives from every kind of sorrow and pain and are getting complete clarity and also go and watch the old videos in the playlist and they will keep coming like this in future also and you will enjoy a lot. Thank you very much