Hello friends, today is a very simple and very relevant topic which will be very beneficial for you and will give you a lot of clarity because many people have confusion. It is a simple topic. Should one buy a house in a big city or a small city? Here by big city I mean India.  Top 10 cities which are called Tier One cities, your Delhi NCR system, your Mumbai, Calcutta, Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune and two or four more cities of that level. If we are talking about big cities, are they among the top 10 cities? If you are a South Indian then you should buy a house in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Kochi, Chennai, if you are in the West side, then Ahmedabad, Mumbai, Pune, if you are in North India, then all these questions above are there or should you live in your small town, here is the question I am asking.  Whatever this discussion is, it is for those people who have the capacity to buy it in these big cities. If your grapes are already sour, you cannot buy them and you do not have the money, then please do not give your opinion on this because then  So Off course, if you say whatever becomes the topic of discussion in it, I am going to give you very good knowledge of real estate with the example of Panchkula, a city. I used to have a lot of real estate topics, now I have few social topics.  If you have seen the original channel then it was started from real estate, real estate is very important, I would like to visit the real estate state again for education, if you people are interested then please click below.  Must write Real Estate Education is fine, if you write RE DN also then I will understand because it is linked to happiness, life, happiness and progress. It is fine and I will tell you the example of small towns with the example of Panchkula, when people say hi small town.  It is very good because there is no pollution there, it is open, it is good, there is a laid back, big cities are full of garbage, this is a dialogue, only this is the one we will address, this is the one we will catch, I am here.  I want to tell you that in a big city, this problem has happened earlier, in a small city it will happen after 10, 20, 30 years and before you die. Panchkula is the perfect example. Many retired people go to Panchkula. There are as many retired people in the government government.  Their paradise is Panchkula. Panchkula is a colocated city with Chandigarh. You people know in Chandigarh that now the ruling Supreme Court's Chandigarh turned out to be like this, it will not have a separate floor, we will keep it like this, we will keep it very good, Chandigarh has won, by the way, it is fine, but there is nothing like this in Panchkula, Panchkula is in Haryana, Sector 6, 7 in Panchkula, all these posts  There are sectors here, now all the floors are being built, four floors each and many people who have become elders there, who were bureaucrats, government employees, defence, police, whatever means officers, guns.  It is said that those who wanted a peaceful life in their life and they had taken the decision that not in the big city, they would like to stay here, we will play our golf here and we will have our gentry and elite and now their elite is coming to an end.  Because what happens there, you are within 500 yards, you are elite, you have one and a half floor built, there is a lawn, there is a servant quarter, the lot is old, all that has fallen Babu, you can understand.  Sari has now made one stilt plus four in 500 yards next door, so now he can see your garden too. Now those four people who are living separately, who have bought the floor for two and a half to two crores, do not seem that rich to you, Gentry.  Because you are the owner of 500 acres, although you might have bought a plot for 5 lakhs sometime 30 years ago but you don't even have that earned income. There is a period of time but if you have that in your life.  You have to see that this phenomenon is playing out in all the small cities. I want to say that the auto that runs and smokes as Vikram says, the black one, it is as if the electrical vehicles are being banned in Gurgaon.  They are coming to be closed in big cities, they are never going to be closed in small cities, they have yet to create garbage and pollution, the story there is yet to be played out, they have densely populated, that is the difference of that time because Economic activity is in big cities. If children live in India, they will work in these big cities only. If, like you, he is a government servant and he is a wanderer, then it is a different matter. Others are even in their case.  Also, all the big institutions of the government and all the different departments of the government have their head quarters in these big cities and after achieving a seniority there, all the jobs are done in those cities only. These are the cities that I have mentioned in the names of the cities.  For this, in a small town, no senior officer remains there, no matter which department he may be in. And if for some reason he goes here and there, then his family, not the one going, will remain the same. This is also a fact for the education of the children, so I do this.  What I want to say is that after selling a property in a big city, you can buy it in a small city at any time, you can go there, buy it in a big city, you can live in a big property in a small city by renting a property in a big city, a fact of 200 yards.  To If you are in a big city then you can exchange it on rent within 500 yards of a small city. In fact, even more than this, this means a lot. I have given a little example in favor of a small city. Otherwise, the price of a builder floor here will come.  You can easily buy a two storey house there or a three storey house in Dehradun. For example, after selling a thousand yards in Dehradun, you cannot buy 200 yards in Gurgaon and vice versa. You can do this true inheritance, today when you have the chance, many people are trapped in so much wrong, they will live in big cities for the whole life and will have to suffer the so called pollution here, everything so called, whatever pain they feel, it is very big.  They will live in the city and will have dreams of going to a small town and will not buy anything in a big city. They will work in the next 10 15 20 30 years while they are alive. 20, 30, early 40 and even late 40, by the time you retire in the next 10, 15, 20 years, those small towns will have become garbage and everything will have become fine in the big cities. Oh, someday it will be fine, it will be fine brother, Dwarka Expressway will be built.  Kundli Maneshwar Palwar has been built, DMIC is being built for you, it is being built from outside, this is being built, that is being built, metro is being built here and metro is being built. Electrical vehicles are being built underground, pot taxis, taxis are coming, whatever futuristic things will come, they will come in big cities, they will not come in your small towns, they will not come in Hisar, they will not come in Rohtak, they will not come in Kota, they will not come in your Deradun.  She will not come to your Jammu, she will not come to your Ambale, she will not come to your Panchkula, the one whom you find very charming, if you destroy even that charm, there will be no charm left in India.  The charm of Shimla is over, the charm of Mussoorie is over, there is pollution everywhere, there is garbage, garbage, garbage is already ready and in the future, we leave it, if we see any good thing, we will turn it into garbage once and then it will turn it into garbage again.  Right, if you happen to be on a big cycle again then that is what I am telling you guys, you tell yourself whether it seems logical to you or not, I believe that when you are at a young age, you are in your 30s.  You are in your 40s and the decision making has to happen after 60, so your current mind state is a bit stressful, there is stress because of the job, there is stress because of where the children will settle down and every stress of living in this age.  There are the stresses of pollution, traffic jams of big cities, so you imagine your world one by one, but you do not imagine that when you will live in that world and when you go to that city, then you will  You may have grown old and you may not have a job, you may not even have children, and you may not have anywhere to go, so when you have nowhere to go, then what kind of jam will you get into and where do you have to go?  What is it to you and the medical facilities are good in all the big cities. Even today, your top political leaders, ex-chief ministers, ministers, presidents, ex-presidents, all of them come to Medanta, brother, Medanta City or any big city.  When you come to hospitals, why do you want to give up that option, whether you are government, private, insurance, or your CGHS, or those who roam around with card wads, this treatment will be like this, how will you get treatment from a small town?  And if your children are living in your big city then no one will feel like meeting your grandchildren or you have to live in a small town and you are going to the small town on the strength of the relative.  You are going on the basis of friendship, who knows that when you go there and retire, he might have shifted to a big city, brother, we will go, we will live in a small town for the rest of our life, brother, there is nothing special about me.  If you want to go to a big city, brother, I would love to see that, see the mall, see this, see the food, see the drink, see this, this is how it is there, this is how it is in food, this is how they roam, this is how they roam, these tequila shots seem to be everyone's hobby.  You can be fulfilled in some way, maybe at 60 you will have such tequila shots, who want to enjoy with youngsters, go to the pub, anything is possible in life, life will be fine in a small town, you have something to do.  No, the departure there is a shame of God, it is like it goes after check-in, a man is not able to go somewhere, you must have seen in the airport, once the security check-in is done, the departure gets stuck like this. He is lazy, he just gets stuck there like this, you wait, you don't come, you do n't come to meet him, he won't come, it takes life to go from Delhi to Rohtak, why didn't he buy a child by the teeth on Dwarka Expressway in Gurgaon, immediately 5 minutes and 8 minutes  In 9 minutes, dad and mom are eating at mom and dad's house. Why are you staying in Hisar? It feels good, it feels good, then we don't come because the distance is not covered. We get down at 2.30 in the night.  It is a fact that after taking the flight at 2 o'clock, why did not you keep the house or live there, now all the daughters-in-law have to do jobs and should do them, where will the children come from, who will look after the mother-in-law and father-in- law, they seem to be the elders in the house.  If the girl's mother and son-in-law live like this, when will she go? If the boy's mother does not like the girl, then brother, if we stay in the city, we will take care of our grandson and granddaughter. Keep her in a nearby society. Yes, the boy will come from school at 2 o'clock.  Mummy please receive it, yes, we will take you at 5:00 o'clock, the child is with you, your grandson has come, son, you have come, daughter, all the grandsons and granddaughters are all equally lovely, whatever has come, daughter, come son, let's eat, grandmother said.  Today I prepared something for you and then grandfather is telling him some stories and feeding him for three hours quality time with his own child and then he is ok ok ok dada ok papa ok I am going my don't  You don't want this, we do n't want to live in a small city, there is pollution, life expectancy in Delhi is the highest in India, 76, this is a different story of pollution, and this 76 is also true, and check the life expectancy in your mountains, where else, check in other small cities.  Do it because there are many other problems there and the Prime Minister, the President, all the MPs, all the Supreme Court judges live in Delhi and they are doing something or the other.  Including Nitin Gadkari ji too and if he has sorted out 60 70 80 thousand crores in the next 5 years, I am telling only here, other places too are being spent in big cities, everything is being reduced by spending this.  When stubble is burnt, wind comes to small towns because if it is burnt then maximum pollution is occurring inside the village where the stubble is burning. If the wind comes here then it would not burn there first.  There is no problem there and inside that village, earlier they used to make phukni and roti, what was its system, as explained and explained, it is not so bad, I am disappointed, one thing is done by doing one yawai in 365 days, which is the quality index, you can  See for how many days it is bad, no, make it a standard, and on those days which are very bad, disappear, brother, it snows in New York too, Mumbai also gets flooded, there are floods somewhere, there are fires in Australian cities.  There are forest fires in every part of Canada. Toronto was also showing photos. New York Canada Toronto Ottawa. He is not moving. Those vehicles are slipping on the road. There is snow and ice. If you want to take your car inside Canada, it takes one and a half hour here.  It takes one and a half hour to get out of the car in India. I agree, I am not saying that pollution should not be reduced, but you cannot replace property because economic activity of big cities. Now the big cities will keep becoming bigger. Delhi.  NCR will cross Tokyo in two-four years. Mumbai is already at second place in population. Kolkata also comes in the top 10. These are our top 10 cities. Six cities will come in the top 10 of the world. Something very strong is happening here, so take care of yourself quickly, otherwise you will not be able to survive, and I am saying this brother, in your small town, your grandparents, your father, mother have already done something, so you have to live in that small town.  What is the need to buy more, buy it in a big city and live in a small one because there will come a stage when 60 to 70 rupees will be deducted in a small city, then maybe 70 to 80 rupees will have to be deducted in a big city. Hey, you should have some arrangement in your house.  If you have to shift the house then the question is whether you want to buy it, buy it big or small, adjust somewhere and live in your parents' house and in his house and sometimes here and there.  On the other hand, go on a tour here and there in a year, if you have become old then you can go on a tour anywhere for one and a half or two months, whether you should go on a tour or not, then go on a tour on those days when you are in trouble, you already know about those days. When will the air move less here, will the stubble burn, will firecrackers be burst or something else, will there be some program, every year the pattern of dates is the same and the government is trying very hard to ban NGT here and there.  Ban on one side, water on the other side, water on the other side, they are trying their best and it is improving. At what pace is it improving? Is it satisfactory? I don't think so. Should the pace increase? Should it increase? Will it increase? Will it increase? Will it be better in five, seven or 10 years?  Relief will be seen if off course is seen then the decision making that you are doing especially if today you are in your 20s and 30s then you are in your 60s.  What are you saying brother, you will never be able to buy here, just as no one can buy again in London, who cannot buy in NYC, the one who has sat on the assets is a game of monopoly, he has sat and will only eat the rent, so buy property as per your choice in the big city.  A small property will be bought, it is also possible that sometimes it is not bought, brother, you can live in a big property in a small town and give it on rent and here you can give yourself on rent and at some stage it will come to a stage that even a small one will be fine and  if still fresh  Investing is for the children, it is for me, it is for me, what is the biggest problem and what I am seeing is that you are living like an elder among the younger ones, senior citizens, those elders are not even allowing their children to buy, they are saying that  What we are saying is that if you buy it then you will go away from us, you are not drunk that he will buy the property and he will also retire and he will shift to it and you are just going to live.  we are going to live  You are already going, your program is not happening, do whatever this child is doing, you all have reached 60-70, now he is buying property somewhere, let him buy it, it will take four-five years to get the property, then I don't know when he will get it.  The rent will remain on rent, the property rates will become like this. Had anyone ever heard and thought that the property rates in Delhi will be like this today? Had anyone ever thought that 25-30 years ago, the rates will be like this? Where did they go? You see.  Small flats in Janakpuri used to cost two to two and a half lakhs. How much did the public eat their rent? How much would be the costing? If you try the calculation in Excel, the verdict is very, very clear. The verdict is clear. If you have the capacity, as much as you can. Buy in a big city. If you have to make any new investment, you also have to make a small investment and you are buying something small in a big city. 500 carpets of BH for two. 600 square feet carpet is available 700 sq ft carpet is available 3 BHK is available 800 carpet please take it because that too will not be bought The Big Cities Will Out Prize You Then You Can't Get Into It And Your Next Generation Will Always Way  Be on Rent They Can Never Ever Buy Because Every Generation Gets an Opportunity What That Generation Does in Its Peak Time  When they give, there is a peak of 10 years when you earn money and then after that your expenses increase and then the liability increases and then you cannot buy anything. You get a window of 10-12 years in that window which you  The decisions you take will tell you in the future what status you as a family have reached. I hope you have understood this. Please share this with your families. Make the video a topic of discussion. I have given some of my points. You guys counter points, pause, pro points, anti point, this point, that point and put it on your family group. Say, He has said all useless things, these are useful things, we will live in a small town, SL World. I will stay here, I will not go to the big city, I will not write but at least convince, bring up the topic, at least awaken the eyes of talking about real things which affect us, forget all the rest. Things TV's News Channel Fu Channel Elections will be held every five years, someone will keep coming, someone will go, these cricket matches will sometimes win, sometimes India will lose, it will keep going on like this, someone will come to the team and then IPL will start. Crore 15 Crore 20 Crore, you take care of your one and a half or two crore, okay, they keep discussing the same, okay then put this video on group pay and below as they say, not points, four points against me or pro discussion so that your  The conclusion reached on the family group was that yes, you are saying the right thing, you are saying the wrong thing, thank you very much.