Hello friends, today's topic is should you delay having kids because of inflation, now inflation and you are not on financial debts, so this topic is because it seems like a topic of discussion to me, people ask and people say no, sir, Guruji, it will be settled now. Just 2 years ago I had an NRI lady, her husband is roaming from here to there, he is not getting settled, he is not getting a job, he is delaying the child. Age has passed a lot, so I am asking that we will talk appropriately. It is your routine to have a child, but you are not doing well financially, so you have to ask one thing, whether the child will go to first class today and who will go to first class after 5 years. And no one will leave it after 6 years from now, I have time and money, so you have to see whether these expenses are rising, are you able to beat them, are you increasing your salary, if you are earning lakhs of rupees today, then do you think?  u bill  Be able to delay this much on Flex, the flood is there, it will increase in a very terrible way, so you have to see what is your increase in the last 4 years, according to me, it is time you do a particular think about having a child, also like date there.  There is no point delay because of that, don't consider it as an expense, let the child go as per the demands of the people, one is our glory, one is our karma, one is less, it is okay and it can be done on time. Give you so much clarity in life that maybe you do n't have to run so much, maybe not that much and in this video itself I will reply that because of shooting and notes, a lot of people are asking, yes you should have, it's okay.  No, there is only one from us because we can give the best one, first let me tell you the mathematics that if the expense of one child is ₹ 60, I am telling on the example because there is variation in the money.  Defending on what is the time in your society, then we will talk about the units. Okay, so if the cost of one child is 60 units, then when you have two children, it is not 120, but when you have only one, then it is 60 units.  If this is the only expense, then you don't even do 60 units. You make 8590 units. If you take the elder one, you have only one child, and if you do two, it would still be 1995. Let me tell you, it is six, tell me, it is six.  The second thing is that you do not have a second child for yourself, it is not so selfish, they do not want even a single child, now I will tell you from the middle of this video that elder child and younger child are two children, it is okay and if you want to get married also.  If you are married to someone then let me tell you one interesting thing about that, okay, there are two-three combinations, right now you have two children or one child, okay and is the person you are marrying is an elder brother or a younger brother or  Is he the only one, is he the elder sister, is he the younger one or is he the only one? I have not seen anyone brushing like this, but there is a lot of research on this. There are many roller coasters in marrying an only child. The emotions of the one who is the only child are all linked.  This is you sir, don't think this is a different topic, this is all on LinkedIn, children are being discussed, those who are single, those with children, those who have married, see Rakhi, sometimes the roller coaster of emotions is more for them.  To validate, sometimes they become insecure, sometimes they become euphoric, sometimes pay attention to them. Single child is his default setting, attention will be more after retirement, this is a fact that you should also see, please comment in such combination. In the field of giving pulses, two brothers, sisters, two brothers and two children, they become a little crazy with each other. After a certain stage, the parents do not pay that much attention and in the case of a single child, the parents  I also know that Ram D is only one and that is a feeling and being a single child, he gets validation from outside people, I have seen a lot of toys, I have a lot of experience in this, it is okay, I have been noticing since childhood that  I used to feel that since childhood, maybe I will have to make this video, sometimes maybe I was noticing that whatever child sees, the lonely child has to buy a friend from a toy, it is okay, he will always bring the matter to him, you see, not today but  people who are now Above 35, we will identify these from your state of society, level, remember who was the only boy or girl or tell from the example of a boy, his bed came first, kit came first because he was the only one, so he had better things, this is a fact.  The vector was a little too much, it was okay, two people used to break up with each other, they used to come late or something, whatever happens, I really do n't know the dynamic, made it 35  Years Back 40 Years Back If you remember, you remember this year 25 years ago too, then his sense of entitlement is relief and there is something or the other, something or the other, something from a sample, the child is gone, the child will remain in life, his parents are gone.  There is no original Shivling, now his original Shivling is not there and he will marry some girl, he has one, so now Mama ji thinks very important about Vikam in his life because  Brother-in-law is no uncle and brother-in-law, you have to observe with great concentration that this is how the story is being played out, then you will have to lean towards the girls because you have done your own thing, yes then you have.  If you do one of yours, then you also find a girl who is the only one, then there are other relationships gone, then you also do one of yours, do only one, the stories of the concept are being heard, impeachment is fine, it means its full power. Our  There is nothing to keep you alive, if we give birth to one more child, then why should you also be born? Now someone does research on this side also, someone does research on this side too, if 10 times the population.  Even if it happens, there is space, resources tell you no, if he speaks like this then we will destroy him. Hey, it is very complicated. In 1960, research used to say that the earth will end right now, but it has not happened yet. Now they are saying that Doomsday will happen in the future. It has to end with your own child, hey, live responsibly, you do so much with your Swiggy, Zomato, you have such a best flat, travel vehicles in ships are so expensive, everywhere, why do n't you sleep there? Install your solar panel on yourself.  Become on the roof, whatever footprint of the child you feel, whatever carbon footprint you think, don't do anything from now onwards, so let's find 1.5 crore visions of not having children, there is no point in anything because whatever you do will create a party.  No  She will tell him that she is doing it, it is not great, like if you are not getting married then all the married people will say no, then you will shoot arrows from those who are doing it, and from those who are not doing it, you will say, which mother did you take, yes, no one hit anything.  Take it, do it, do it, do it, don't even do one, there is no greatness, there is no question of reasoning, stop fooling yourself, do n't do it, no, you are a sentence, I am not settled yet, I will never be settled.  Settlement happens only once in life, once I am fully settled, I get programmed, Ram Ram becomes yours, only then the man gets settled and he also gets settled. If you see, that too does not remain settled for long, it just burns and becomes dust.  If there is less uncertainty, then there is settlement in life and the opinion behind that is that life is very long, life is very long, try reducing everything, try reducing everything, many people will say, don't do this, what if I will not be able to give the best to the child?  gone into everything  You are definitely not selling food, clothes, house, if you can give education then you cannot give education and I will not be able to send the best to NASA, I will send one to NASA, dog, if you are doing one, tell me, what have all the children of those who have become, become? You gave birth to one child instead of two and earlier those who had six-six-seven children, I was not able to help, but as they left the population, this is done by checking the parents, isn't it? If you are seeing the condition of marriages these days, what is happening then the second child.  What is there to do?  Even his Shivling will remain, the original relationship of sorrow and pain does not happen there, an emotional support system is needed because the marriage may not work, many times it may not work further. If you know in which direction you are heading, then an emotional support is needed, isn't it the original family?  Because after a stage, parents become like this, brother, you see, you do, you don't understand anything, they have no purpose in life, with whom you can do some purposeful couplets with Shivling.  Can do something, do something, help, take forward, help each other, think, understand, see, it is okay, a topic for discussion, but tell me how you liked it, okay, me, body, me, don't keep it in your mind, Ladies, Indian late 30s are having pregnancy and they are having challenge.  By doing this in door pregnancy please do it early, your lady's body will be healthy till 22 23 24 25 26 27 years, that means a lot whatever.  There is a system according to which whatever we see and the lot of doctors are also fine, but nowadays even the doctors come as doctors are of today's generation and do not need the knowledge of today's generation who are 40-45 years old.  They are the ones to tell, yes, I am a doctor, I came to mine, I am a doctor, strange living relationship, you are talking nonsense, I don't know anything, no one is like this, what do they say, contraceptive, good one, do it, enjoy life.  Do this to him, I don't think he sent the message, that person is a doctor because I don't think a doctor would write so passionately, okay and I really do n't know, things like this have started happening these days, everything new is going on, okay.  So everyone knows what is the correct time and age, it happens even at 42, many heroines do it but no one tells openly what are its complications, no one tells, everyone says that we will settle down first like Girls say, we don't look first, if you do n't settle then how can you settle? Friend, how does one settle in a job worth Rs 40,000? He gets fired from the job in 2 minutes. You took the job, who is going to wait for the receptionist worth Rs 30,40,000?  Type A: You are somewhere, so what job did you do? If you are capable then you will be settled by 23-24. If you are not settled by 23-24 then you are not actually capable.  Now you have to study ahead of life but go ahead to reduce it. When you answer the question paper here, when there is an exam of life, it is taken in 3 hours. It is not that I will know history now, I will not write any more about life, you will always get that much time.  She only gives time, she never gets much, the city has its stress, so she will have to take the stress of life, this is this, many people will come and say no, you people are not the only ones, because DJ Strong, you relax everything, there is someone to do something.  I don't want to do it, it feels very good, I do n't want to explain the periods a little, I am not able to explain, I am just saying, I have told you, I have told you, now you do it, this generation will not do it like this, slowly, slowly, with love.  I will have to explain that I am doing this through videos, that is why there is a reaction. I am telling people who do not want to get married, do not want to have children, why do they feel that after watching my video, don't do it, neither have you taken the decision nor are you suffering from the problem.  looks like  Because there is a doubt whether I have taken a decision, whether it will be right or not, but I did it and then Guruji came and made a video and told the story to the society, by the time my wife and children get married in December, then we will become laptops, so it will be late.  Stop da native till date is nonsense narrative, nowadays the world will change, you don't know anything, do something only then you will have peace because you tell me you are 30-32 years old, you don't have any friendship with whom you drink alcohol.  If you can have fun, if you can go out for a walk, if you can live like that, then you will think, what should I do? Sir, by the time one generation starts looking like we were 20 friends at 8:00 and did not get married, three of them were getting divorced.  We are struggling and three are crying, it's fun now we 12 can laugh at each other and they are the majority and we 12 are there for each other If the type of movie is right then it wants the feeling of war but it is not happening, you will not be able to be there in 12, out of 20 you will remain only two and someone or the other will come to add chilli in the society Video Uncle ji  Aunty ji ba ji uncle ji will keep doing that, they will not keep you in peace for 40 years, then once you got down on your knees and you bill release's water test of de race care, you are on some great path which is some great.  It is not on the text because it is not actually a great thing, what we claim is a new great text, no, it is not a great thing, many politicians have become Prime Ministers and Presidents even after getting married, not many have become even if they have achieved as many as till date.  If that happens and voting happens then you will find the bill. 90% of the time I too was married. If you watch the video then how did you like it? Share the video and comment with people.