Hello friends, my job series has been launched on my discount channel Clarity for Youth, a video on it is very good, whoever is preparing for a government job, is going to get clarity on a government job, my request is that many children should do it.  Your parents who are listening must be doing this, some are in government jobs, some want to know, some are doing preparation. Please do it as per my request. I have made that video with a lot of effort. Watch it. I am posting it on the channel because of that. younted channel is  There are youth oriented topics that could have been included here also but what is there here is also the reason for creating a channel that the bandwidth here will already be enough. When your food shop becomes very big and there is no space to keep those plates in it, then one more  You have to buy it, okay, gram bhature is also available, your veg biryani is also available, samosas are also available, then if you want to do something sweet, if you want to do kulfi, then you keep saying, take it to another place. Now something was happening very fast here, so it is you, it is the same YouTube, it is the same audience, whereas I am the creator, there is a slight difference in the name, so I am discussing it a little bit here, on my own channel, my own channel. Clarity for you.  It has launched a job series on it. In the job series, the first government employee is starting from the job. After that, the rest of the jobs will also come. How to reduce the salary on the job, how to make a deal on the job, if we have a boss, then this is a big thing, job for us.  What is it that doesn't work?  If I don't like the one, if I don't get it, brother, how should I do it, or if the boss is this, then job is a big part of every life, it is ok and you can se mani making opportunity, which is called ok, so please share that channel in the comment section and in the description.  There is a link to this video and there is a link to this video, please go and watch it, please subscribe and all your dependents who want to play this game of government job, please forward it to me.  This is the longest video of mine till date. In terms of time duration, I have made a good video but I feel that I have tried my best to give a different perspective in it. Thank you very much.