Hello friends, today's very practical question is, should you drink in front of your kids and should your kids' children, okay, you are 8 years old, 12 years old, 14 years old, should you drink alcohol in front of them or not, this is a question for many people.  Because of this, many women had a question that this happens in our house, I feel very bad, this should not be done and this is a very bad effect, this is a story by doing it like this, I will tell my take on it. Because I have a lot of experience on this, okay, I have a lot of experience on this particular thing and these are my topics, you guys feel relved to tell, it feels good because this topic of discussion is very important in your family, if you are a woman, your husband.  Drink alcohol, someone's grandfather or uncle drinks or anything else, your husband does not drink but you have to go to some parties, there is police, there are friends, there is the circle, you know it is okay.  So, is it okay to do in front of children, is it bad, the answer is this, you will get contrary advice but it is okay for you to listen carefully, children, I will also add extreme meanings and situations for you in this, first of all, you should look carefully at something like this.  Don't look at it from the perspective of 'ho' or from the perspective of 'that' because somewhere or the other, the small town people who now come here, inside Gurgaon and in Cyber ​​Hub, are facing problems, so they find it very difficult.  It seems cool, it is not a total thing, it is not, but why do you think it is all due to the upbringing of children? You have to see that if I take astrology from children, they say Mercury, they say it because of curiosity, they associate it, how? I teach basically that children have curiosity about everything, whether you talk about it or see it, what kind of alcohol is there, I have also seen in many cases that when I am totally  Is it okay, is it beer or liquor, like this, home, family, relatives, acquaintances, friends circle, everything is fine, childhood is fine for the child, if you give him dry food, then no child can drink on the default setting, I am not at all asking the child to drink, but  If he has the exposure of what a friend is because the things which you see once in childhood and reject, then your chances of becoming an animal due to those things reduce in your adult stage. You have seen what a human being has been doing since childhood.  roaming around  She is very old, her life has been very comfortable, she has grown up and she doesn't even have the desire for a motorcycle, she must be very tired, this is psychology playing, secondly, if someone is misbehaving after drinking alcohol, is it okay in marriage or is there that thing?  The child must be shown that any misbehavior is happening anywhere, even chilling is happening, we get scared child, I am not talking about a two year old child here, I am not talking about a three year old child, a little older child will understand.  Correct And how much is the making product? It is a joke in a city like Gurgaon, that is, every 400-500 meters means you don't get anything here, it means liquor, you know what a wonderful arrangement it is, okay, rest of the things, tell me where is the arrangement in your cities. So the government also has a lot of revenue in alcohol and nothing very bad is being seen right now, but there is something that means you do not need to hide that it is a phenomenon.  And there is one thing like old, when many years ago, when this girl used to add, it used to be like this, that girl is adding something like this and the children did not know, do you ask by typing, I mean, what is the example, tell me what is menstrual cycle. What happens to a sister, what happens to someone, what happens to a mother, what happens to a lady, don't get emotional about these things because she will not understand what this is, then that curiosity, curiosity, you have heard a lot about these things anyway.  will be different  Have heard different types of jokes, heard different types of things, whatever is happening, let it happen politely because how long will you avoid being involved in everything, don't tell him that this is a very good thing, don't even tell him that This is a very dirty thing. Let the child discover what happens after drinking this. Sometimes what happens is different. Hey, when dad applies it, he becomes very happy, that means our dad is very good.  go when  This interpretation also happens many a times, it is okay that brother, my father is irritable all day long, okay mom and dad, this is how they live, this father is addicted, so papa is elder and son, what do you want, it is like this.  Sometimes it may seem to the child that by doing this PK, you can become a good person, it is okay, the child can interpret it in any way, do not take any wrong take from us, he should tell that no one is good, this will help you in every way.  The situation has to be covered up. If you are a mother and you feel that your son is doing such things then you have to tell him the truth and what is the matter to you if he sees this. If such a parent is telling you that this is  So this is a big stress booster, this is why I am sad, that's why I am a father, this uncle is sad, that's why he drinks, if you are giving such a thing, then there is reasoning, then he is taking that thing and it is going into his subconscious. When he is sad, he doesn't even know, so he has to tell you things that friend, this thing is soil, soil is a dying thing, okay and these people are killing and our soil is killing, it is not such a great thing, okay. So, there is nothing like this, by doing this, when you satisfy his curiosity, you keep calming him, keep calming him, and he keeps watching and watching, like I am giving you some extreme examples. Yes, you can do it a little bit, but this is the fact, it is okay, just like in fashion shows, with many ladies, they change their clothes, okay, in that situation, they become so professional, they do it every day, now what?  For them, that sense of excitement or sense of something new is not like that, they are easily attracted to girls in front of them. I have definitely come without you, meaning you have also associated people who like me like this.  Those things which have been told, understand that what we are discussing is that it becomes so normal, which is a great excitement for a normal man, it is my lap and all and it can be normal, can other girl and someone else change the person of someone, everybody. What's the date but it becomes so easy, you understand, you can give more examples like this, there can be many in your life now like your Gini doctors are fine.  In the same way, children are It is not very something you should be proud of it Disadvantages Yes if you drink too much It always not she comes from telling If there is any example in your family, there is someone in your acquaintance who has harmed his body due to alcohol consumption  If it is destroyed then there is no need to hide the thing from the child, in a way it is a very good example that brother, this is what happens, see it, it is the same thing.  That we should teach our children because look, it is like this, there are videos in the future also, children are not scoundrels, how to deal with them, deal with them politely, keep people away, you will not expose them, like this, then that is that brother, I live.  Gave the mouth that the cat let me see and ate Neeti Something Never Give Personal Example More About Alcohol Types of Alcohol Kaun Kaise Karate Hoti More About Wines Okay give more information than them  I have been seeing it since I was two years old. Okay, so it is not a new thing for us. Okay, so if you have it at home, then do n't get so upset that I have to keep it hidden from my children, that's how it is.  If I keep it hidden then the child will never know. In today's era of social media and so many networks and such things, these things happen. According to me, this should not be done at all. It is fine and it does not mean that you are advertising it.  Yes and you are telling him this is a very good thing  And this is to be easy on him, tell him that this is a habit, I can also say that it is not a very good habit but this is one thing, it is okay, it is something like, so there is a need to add it to the parents and there is no need to panic, children most. Whatever my personal experience is, I have a lot of experience in these things, which children have seen a lot of these things in their childhood, their places are like this, they do not have to prove any point, the answer is when their [ __ ] spears something.  Remarks do do are very comfortable but handle the situation where this is the message then expose the child then there is nothing wrong if you expose him. In the exposure are you seeing from him what impressions he is making.  Is there anything wrong with the explorer? Is it okay? Is something wrong somewhere? You have to monitor it because if it does not take care then it has an operating software for the child and it will react in a situation.  Now you have to see what is the reaction of your 14 year old self, if you get to know soon, in 20 years you will not even get to know or even tell, right now it is happening in front of you in a controlled environment, you can see something like easy feeling.  He is doing a program somewhere in the hostel, you don't even know about it, you don't even know about it, he will not drink in front of you again, you don't even know about the emotions he is going through, so if this is the exposure.  Don't be in a panic, just monitor the situation, just let it happen and if you have any questions related to this, you can ask in the comment section. Thank you.