That Hello friends, today we will discuss whether you should buy such a plot in Gurgaon, I will take a particularly good one for example and we will discuss something on it, Prakash is going wherever it is being told, do this, I am bringing in some aspects.  I do n't care about them at all. Whenever something is sold, its historic returns are praised and they wonder whether there was a shrinking system in these returns.  Was there any pomp and show, what was that group's profile, what was the demography of the city, what was that group of population, it would be difficult for anyone to understand that not appointing a woman is easy, it is difficult to explain, so we talk about this note that to make a Maulvi  Now I was just making people pay for it, do all the pomp and fuss, the back is too expensive to maintain, the best thing is to do black money, brother, sell all the land, then by folding it like this, we become a girl of 3 lakh rupees, 2.5 lakh rupees, a girl of 4 lakh rupees and a yard.  She was standing at a distance of ₹ 3 yards, thinking that it would be the third, so you have reaction limit, that is why my charity is a free channel, I am teaching mental models in a very good way, please subscribe, there is clarity for youth mental models, after doing research in it, I will tell you.  You will understand, okay, now I have gone to basic investment, music, stars, subscribe to this, money is made in Bitcoin, money is made in feature options, money is made in buying lottery tickets, Mamta in betting on anything like this.  It will be on cricket, on gambling, on all those things, but we are investors and we have to play the game of long likes, so let us see the process, there are glitches in this process, I will discuss it, I will try to explain with full force, if you understand somewhere.  If you don't understand, then put it in the comment section and if you understand, then write. Mom, it's fun. It means you will enjoy only if you understand. And if you do n't understand, please write, what don't you understand? Let me start on this matter.  I am clear  Now let us talk about these U plots that if you look at the history of our Gurus of Haryana, like look at the HUDA sectors, the first thing we see is the mature HUDA sectors, there is a lot of vibrancy here and there is no cross anywhere.  There are only a few sectors where you can understand the money in the shady plot, like I would say Shiv is the market of Sector-14 or you can say Sector-10 market where the rates are very high etc. but on this.  When the population of properties increased from 34 lakhs in 2004 to 12 lakhs by 2012, there was a pull in commercials like that, hence it increased. Now Gurgaon itself has spread so much, its circulation is 22 lakhs. Yes, the population is increasing to around 40 lakhs.  This will also happen for the next 10 years, I am the one who came up with it without you, meaning the government has put a tax on it and Google will come to know about it, so these  Government took out from the agencies, Haryana Government asked whether there will be a group profile, then the features came out and the tip and rights of one etc. had said that 4284 is another organization, so I am telling three-four alarms in that too, I am making that also a cricketer.  I am telling you that grossly and supplied the population of 40 lakhs that will come in our condition is more commercial than that and I do not listen to you, even today I try to intersect with it. So, if you look at such a plot, you will find it interesting on the ground floor only. On the first floor, you will find a barber shop. Okay, and the second and third floor above will be normally empty or there will be a gold gym somewhere or there is some such system that you can go yourself and physically.  There is not even a board to see, no one climbs up crying, a narrow lane has been made, you know how to climb it by 3 feet, everything is given and you do the accounts, make money and there are some shops running in the basement where these tellers etc. sit.  Are  There is some such system like stationery etc. or some ladies have it and it is running but now in such plots which are coming, I would like to tell you that at 11:00 you can issue product in any HUDA sector or anywhere.  The system is working now, go to the wicket at 11:00, Big Dipper. 11:00, you will not get customers. Not so many people come to shop early in the morning, because the milkmaids and the likes come at eight-nine o'clock. By 11:00 time, all the shops had opened and how many vehicles would you see? 11:00 and yet because the government had created at least two to three drops of space left for vehicles and now how many schools are there? How many, how many, how many, how many will be appointed, it will be me, the person who will use the car, there will be 24 Chunnu Munnu, he will also keep the car in the coming time, but put his bike, just calculate how many.  Cards will be given then the customer will pass here Cons Shopping experience will not be maintained there it is a big fat and this test got this parameter checked which I got used less inside the residential Everyone should know but if the village  In the market, I first said, first brother, whenever you check something at 10:30, this is my subscriber, this is my platinum member, this is whatever depends on my viewers, he also goes directly to it.  All the books are gone, Aamir Khan hears that too as soon as he forgets, Tasty is gone, so the left brochure payment is fine, how many men will remain in this letter, how many policemen, earlier no one used to ask, it is difficult, so s.no, the milk taker is thinking that he will take it further.  The one who will take it at a higher price will take it at a higher price and the one who will take it further at a higher price will take it at a higher price than you can think but at the text time stage in this whole journey somebody will have to make it make for say in all business has to  Happen because you can cut it like this in March and cut it on the moon. If you don't want to use it physically because you can't use it right now, keep cutting it and sending it like this, but ultimately it is skin, use it, so I will tell you a deeper thing about it here.  Stay connected because subscribing here will either understand the thing or you will miss it, as the poet says, brother, now here in the city it is completely useless, the line is coming, this is the line, you have to do reverse engineering, what is reverse engineering?  Have to do the reverse question, this much has been taken, it will be developed in 2 years, how much will be my charge to make, your interest in making, I want to make the investment, so here I am one more, if on that, I will get cent rental on Friday, take this 6 7 8 0  Come to 0 0 4, okay, if you want four percent rental yield, how many will she translate, but the rent is monthly and if you mix the above, the last one is translating late.  1.5 lakh and whoever is translating, how much sales will this person have to do to pay that much rent? If we take it, his profit will be 20 cents. 20% of the sales is less than it is not that much.  It happens because the salary has to be paid, it has to be run like this and the solution is also there and that too, so what kind of work will they do there, there is work here, it was understood that the car showroom will come, so will all the cars in one SDO? What else is there after the start of the car? Showroom is good, salon is good and tell exactly. Is the exam clear? What will not happen? Will the office be presented? Even if you sell the basement in Deendayal, then tell me by doing the office. There will be last matches and the office is already prepared so much for you and  In the future, if you want to build an office, don't call it like this. Well, if you do anything here, it will either be yours or your office, your restaurant will also be done, this will also happen, that will also happen because you have to do it. I have seen that almost every time I get sold in small places and go there or I go within 15 days, I see how many vehicles there go to the crazy West Indies but still I go and it is such a flower and only one pleasure.  The biggest thing is that it is full of money, but look at the help there, everything is available there, if you want to get my child done, there are some fitting items to feed the children, there are some video games type, and if you want to watch a movie too, then check it out in every way.  Of Do branded shopping but at the lowest there is all kind of food, expensive and cheap, from Magnet to Find Any, I know ₹ 100 bill, ₹ 500 bill, introduction of thousand, buying clothes, everything is a choice, it is fine there, home decor, aircraft, it has to be bought.  I am not doing publicity but I set the time that it is air conditioned and well maintained. People want to do everything at once because when Chahat 's family goes, the children also need something, the wife also needs something, the husband. She has to manage everything, but she doesn't want to, but she says, once I parked the car, I did it here, get it done in three-four hours, and the biggest thing is that it started raining, you will not feel cold in winter, you will not feel hot in summer.  You will not feel this still sticky heat, when you go there, you get a good feeling, there is a fragrance, everything feels special, you feel well protected, that is the shopping experience that people would like and now the stand of the people of Gurgaon has increased a lot.  Now in this country, you can get it from one shop to the second to the second to the third Avot Galleria Market. Sorry, I heard that there also the matter is cool and it is the best, the gallery or a gallery or a room is run in its name. 30 inches is one.  Holding the tail of one of the 29, one of them walks a little, then holds the tail of 1520 and the remaining fourth, what is the condition of 1528, no one can tell how many Nil Batte Sannata people have gone, this is the builder 's mistake.  Hey, let me tell you, if there is a record then five percent is not better than this, feature option is better than this, then take a Nagaland Lottery ticket, if that is why you have to go, then this is from one percent, but I am Akshay Kumar, which picture's picture is on the path?  If I move then I die, the policy is that if it is not done in that birth itself, then the matter is over. One thing in relationships, you will find the cars parked. Subscribe. Let me tell you just one thing, the cars are parked here because that is the job and the plot is being made.  But if there is a car, then they will not keep the car and will not park it on the road. Gadkari ji has said that I have removed the roll in such a way that I will have to drive it for ₹ 2000, the car cannot be parked somewhere like this, if there is no space, I will take public transport while standing.  Do you know the calculations of our system, this is something which needs to be looked out and if you understand the special thing which I have done by doing reverse engineering, then tell me, calculate that at how much, I have taken at how much, then you  You are told that you friend, I will remind you, this prayer will be given, I am this rock, I am explaining it to this idiot right now and if it does not come again, then you will become an idiot here, you understand that this person is being given the opportunity to become an idiot. This person will be fooled here, this person will be fooled as to who has come and if he asks, then this person has come here and you have to give him this good, you have to give him this exit, this lock went home, he got stuck and it takes a lot of time for the end user to come.  Yes, and when everything is completed, it will be stuck, still the commission will decide. I have explained it to you. Thank you, A.