Hello friends, there is a question against marriage and it is a very relevant question that in the house of husband and wife in a marital home or in a big city, should any young relative of the boy or girl be kept there on a sustained basis? To some uncle as a boy or something because in big cities it has been seen that he is coming now, will stay for 2 months, will stay for 4 months, will stay for 6 months. In the exam, someone is looking for a job in an exam, someone has just come, first I want a boy, this is enough, then the answer is very simple, I am not telling you very clearly, then the answer is no, no living.  I do n't want to live, your maternal uncle is getting angry, your uncle is getting angry, your father is getting angry, your mother is getting angry, your aunt is getting angry, father-in-law and mother-in-law are getting angry, any wish is happening.  You should not keep anyone in your marital home because he respects all your privacy. On this date, all the secrets of your house are revealed to others. You have no benefit in this. No, brothers, four more relatives, his father will be nearby.  You can help me by visiting four times a month, you can check on him, you can go once or twice a week and see if he needs anything, you can help him with anything, but you do not have to keep your SIM in the household, even if it is a boy's.  Be it real brother, girl's real sister or brothers, whoever they are, normally, if there are any relatives, then she will learn to cry by calling everyone, 'Hey, I have killed you.' So, it is not right in myself too, just accept the dust that is in me as a man, for a few days, 15 days, one month, two months, three months, now even in exams, these are interesting exams, aren't they?  Do n't go to homes because what happens in big cities, some couples are living here, how is their life hell? One relative A came for four days and stayed for five days. He is sleeping for his exams, then another relative A went, then the third one came.  Everything is revealed, then if this one's family is not accepted, then this one's family cannot be accepted, then this one's family cannot be accepted, you do your account, that day is 44 days in the year, then his father's mother, then why his father's mother cannot be accepted like that? so just you  Then you remain in that PG house there, there is a lot of inflation going on, there is very little privacy, anyway, there is a lot of fighting between husband and wife, because living is a must, it should be under your control or someone from outside.  A relative has come. If we fight now, if we don't fight then we will be insulted, that too is okay. Tell me in Roast Oriya, it is okay because those store fights will be over in two-four-eight hours and then  It will also become normal, a lot of things are broadcasted, they only go out, otherwise, if you do it like this, then you will not be anywhere, there is no benefit, there is no benefit, and you will have to do the things in which you are not benefited. Keep it, you too, you also go, live in the city, you also take it on rent, are there any houses on rent in big cities, are the hotels closed down, have to hang out on uni and spread too much, that is what I did in the consultation.  I have seen a lot of this is not  Working direct answer when the call comes, maybe your mother's call comes and every relative is a relative of your mother's side or father's side, whereas the answer is no and this is me making a video with a gun on my shoulder and asking her to step, how liberate.  I am doing it, I hope you all will appreciate it. Okay, those who want to call me selfish should say which Sarpanch election or MP MLA election should I contest? I am speaking clearly.  There is no benefit to the society, no benefit to the people [Music] Sister-in-law, your system will sit like WhatsApp and you will be filled with anxiety, then you will not know what to expect from your husband, I am telling the husbands, do not invite your relatives to the house.  I don't know, your wife will not mind taking you around, then one of her relatives will have to tolerate you unnecessarily. You are very rude and selfish, tell me, come and live in a big city, there are big challenges here, everyone becomes like this, father, mother, this did not happen in our time, so now the time has changed, you will come, we will not say this to you, but we will tell this to your relatives.  It's okay, I won't ask you to say this but if you don't continue it too much, then your number will also be called, and then that's a little bit, so don't turn it into emotional blackmail, it is becoming very difficult. My desires are not being fulfilled, my boss is not listening to me and I keep spreading someone else's strug that he will come and there his life goes up and down, then the responsibility comes from you to the relatives, not to the body but to the people.  You don't have control over your tongue. You ca n't control your kinship. You can take the responsibility of your relatives. You will get a house here by making any relation with them. You can stay with your children in a small town so that I can become their vehicle here and I am doing this to be their vehicle.  Wherever there is coercion in society I am a social reformer, consider myself a social scientist or some other English Chhath, tell me, I am just trying to get rid of the pain, it has penetrated everywhere so that I can think. All of you are like this.  But I am not able to speak, I am just shy, I am giving those words, so this is a video, spread it like this, tell them, if it is not your opinion, then I am telling my opinion, but this is the message.  You will start receiving messages, send it indirectly, okay, it will automatically appear in Google feed somewhere, send something to someone, don't send this one, send another one, I will put this in his end screen so that this one can also be seen by the person to whom you are sending it at night.  There is no message, otherwise you will say, hey friend, sending another direct will be insulting and he will find it old, so don't send this one, I will send it to someone else, it's okay to send something else from me based on numerology.  If it is okay to send, then subscribe and by no means get your relatives to subscribe, get your father to do it, get it done with Rs. 700, get your sister to do it with brother, then all your sorrows will go away. Property of our Indian Great Indian Family under the carpet.  They have groups, they exist, they torment everyone, they tell them that they are coming out slowly, I have started a campaign to completely clean them, please help me, it is okay in this new year. So we will make it a little more tempo, avoid relatives on a sustained basis, then two days become four days, four days become six days, today the relative was ill, today he is fine, today it is like in big cities, within big cities Keep giving abuses, it's okay and then if you have to come back and hang yourself, then get treatment in a big city, take an exam in a big city, get a job in a big city, if a relative's wedding is in an even bigger city, then he should stay ahead of you because he is his relative, it's okay.  Is  So all these are decreasing, okay and this will continue to happen in big cities, we live in our own home, we feel the pollution, we just stay with a relative for 15-20 days in a year, sometimes we, sometimes our child, sometimes someone else.  We don't live in our small town, you live in your small town or in a comfortable attitude, and the poor guy who is sitting tight in a small room in a big city, go and keep tightening it, it's okay, raw Venus, no heat in winter, it's okay.  Isn't it  The clothes don't dry and the relatives sit and take care of their expenses. Okay, thank you.