Hello friends, two questions are being asked a lot, it is necessary to discuss them. The first question is should you buy m3m 113, should you not buy non-state? The answer will have to be explained in half to quarter of an hour. For those of you who are interested, I am doing a free webinar. I am doing it for subscribers only on Wednesday 16th February at 1 pm and 7:00 pm and for those who are employed at 1 pm and 7:00 pm.  If you can give time then you have to WhatsApp me We gave you E and Tasty a Wednesday WhatsApp me then I will understand that you want to join this business and in this I will tell you two more things, the second question which is being asked the most is Dwarka Expressway.  Do some West Midland stories, a lot is going on, a lot of left and right is going on in this place and here some information is being given to you, I also tell you that there is an English saying that haters create reverse flowers, spread them and gents team India.  A lot of things go on in me, be it politics, be it things based on religion, be it any information, be it stock market, be it anything, okay then it's false, I don't believe that I am an alien, I am very intelligent and certainly not an idiot, so I  I want to do this only for my subscribers and audience, many people will say that you make this on YouTube and we will also watch it, it cannot be understood in 5 minutes or 10 minutes, people will board the moving bus, half the spoon will go, half will not understand.  Life will remain existing railway throw. This is a free webinar. This second question should also be told and if you have bought the third question somewhere, then the answers to that will also be told as to where and what calculations are going on and I have told this earlier also in my destruction.  I am staying but I don't want to take road Kun in private but now he was Vince in the tree so now I want to tell the meat to people for free, I will tell within half an hour, I will not drag it too long till your 40 minutes that is possible if Question MP remained hair clock Wednesday 16th February and those children who cannot come in the afternoon, that is 7:00 and after that, do not ask me these two questions on YouTube. Maximum people can join. No one has such precious time.  That it does not connect even in two time slots, if anyone who has the curiosity to know this, who knows the Vedas, he can understand that it is fine for him and for those who are facing questions, it is fine, then this thing should be covered for them.  It will be taken, find out how many flights are coming within one tax, the question you are asking is correct, find out whether they have taken it from you, if they have taken it, then write in the comment section and how many wetlands  The misconceptions that are being spread are very good, because if misconceptions are being spread, then this character at number eight is fine, then it is fine, so I will tell something about it and will also tell a big secret that those who pay attention to this one, this one  Some projects are taking some reports every day even after something or the other and this actually will not be bad in the field but because of that people will get information about the rest of the project and otherwise this is very sensitive information on public platform.  This mother has the potential to go viral, so those who are interested, those who have a lot of curiosity, can WhatsApp me on Venice. Those who are connected with me will most likely get it, but those who are new.  are people  One of my request is that if you are a subscriber of the channel, then it is my right to ask for this much victory. Subscriber of the channel, if you are a subscriber of my channel, then please subscribe. If not, then please subscribe. It takes 1 second to do so.  Please do it then we will meet on Wednesday 1pm afternoon and 7pm in the evening and will settle this issue at least for me subscribe  Attendance Once and For All So whatever your don't be, whatever your sources are, who are telling you things, take all the information from them as much as they have to give and it can come in the form of my questions, it will not be needed when I will reveal everything to you from my side, connect it dot to toe one by one and tell you everything very clearly, then be very very clear in this, just thank you very much.