Hello friends, my case studies have been very famous. Go to the playlist and see. There are seven or eight case studies. Today I have brought a new case study for you. I am giving you the gist of my consultation. Today's case study is 'Should a Boy'.  Should a boy join his father's business? Here I am not talking about the business like Mukesh Ambani and Akash. I am not talking about the level of Anant Ambani ji like a normal normal business.  I am talking about whether a boy should join his father's business or not. I am telling it as a case study. It is very important and is a matter of pain in the lives of many people. The answer cannot be yes or no. Many of my cases are the essence of many characters, I am telling you what happens, the parents asked the boy that after a stage, what kind of job is he doing? He released him while doing so many jobs or did not even hire him and asked him to work with his father.  Do it, he started working with his father, here I am saying it again and again because look, the business can be of 20 lakh income, it can be of 2 crores per year, it can be of 200 thousand crores, it can be of even 2000 crores.  So here I am talking about the level of business of the common middle class audience or you can take it a little to the upper class, I am not talking about the companies listed here worth Rs 500 thousand crores.  If you are doing it, then this is a disclaimer, otherwise you will miss it, okay, the biggest problem is that when father works there, there is no defined work, there is no defined ownership, there is no defined money, they only give scholarships. Dad, take one lakh, take one lakh, take one and a half, take two, and sometimes what happens is that here the child, who is a boy, may also feel exploited. In this situation, the result is  I am telling you that in any other situation, he can foolishly extrapolate that all the earnings of the business are his, he does not know when the capital will go back to the capital, it is the working capital of any business which earns so much.  But then and again he went into something like inventory cost and he takes care of a lot of the expenses. After marriage, there is a lot of discord. It has been seen a lot in such situations that the girl's family feels that  This is a business, if this is working then all the girls think that only their girl will get this, she will not get anything, that is the message of yours, I have seen in many cases, the boy is treated like a servant and the daughter-in-law is treated like a maid. You will say, friend, how can you do such things, how can parents be like this, there are many narcissist parents in this country, I am being like this, I am with full consciousness, I am telling this to the youngsters and also to this society.  I want to show a mirror, many parents are cunning, these are the old ones, they are masks, I am removing them, 2024 has come, don't say this, they are crying, they pay me a very high fee, my consultation is like this. I am not making this pain, many people are struggling with this pain, I give clarity to the pain but then I make a case study on the issues that come up a lot so that we can know what is happening in the society because  Those who are not in a business family, those who are employed don't even know what is happening, those who are able to relate don't know. I have seen many cases on daily basis. This father is so controlling, he just uses his son as an actual servant. Even if he has been an actual servant, at some stage he would say that this is the salary I get, I will not do this, here son, everything is yours, after us everything is yours, that will happen after us.  30 35 years, he is not able to go on honeymoon, Switzerland, what is Switzerland, go to Goa, take this car, this one, and we will give you what you want, you have to ask every day, when you do a job with someone, you have a  There is a salary of one and a half lakh rupees, that is a defined task, you know that the salary is defined, you have got it, you have to take EMI in that salary, you have to buy a house, you have to buy a car, you have to roam around.  You have to buy clothes, you have to buy jewellery, you have to go out to eat, you have to go to watch a movie, you do budgeting and live your life, you don't have to go every day and ask for money, here you have to ask literally, where are you going, take it, hey, you had gone there last time too. Hey, you go a lot, these accounts and check balances are kept, in this the child's son has to see that in the beginning it is better if he does his own work because many times I have seen that the father is still in his 50s, he can easily work for 10 years.  can but he has to  I have to put my son in the business and enjoy it on auto mode but I don't want to give away the business, I do n't want to pay the full amount and then I have settled and then what is the twist in the story here, how does the story get complicated if there is a boy.  So still there is a variable in the same equation which has to be solved, two boys have become one, the boy has become a girl, then there is another twist in the story, two boys have become one, one is married to the daughter-in-law of one, one is not married to another, these are different issues.  And there is a lot of crying and where there are two sons, one works more, the other works less, both are nothing much but one feels that I am doing more because he sits too much and one sits less. But by the way, it is Shehna and by doing networking it increases it. Now father likes the one who sits more and roams around more. He is saying that I am doing more work practically. He just keeps sitting and chatting with her.  business is  If you are not able to handle the father's business in life, if you have one son or two sons, more than two, then there are many issues. These issues are very common. Is there any immediate solution to them? There can be an immediate solution if the father is wise. Yes, but where the father is controlling and where the father is wise, there will be no issue there because 99% of the time it is the father's fault. He is a narcissist and has a controlling nature. Chaudhary has to be removed, daughters-in-law have to be greeted with greetings, and what about grandchildren, grandchildren have to be greeted with greetings, they have to remain very relevant and powerful in the family and here mother-in-law also becomes very worried that hey, don't let me. All my nuisances are at home because you have a business and I am your wife and these businesses, even after earning a lot of money, are neither able to expand nor are they able to support the family.  There is fun in me, there is happiness and what happens in one stage is that the youth said, what will you do, what will you do, what will you do, in 23 years, I have started my business in 22 years and this is how he  I wanted to study something or get MBA or some other higher qualification like hey, what will I do if I work, at this stage, where are the relations of a man bad? 23-24 year old children are very obedient or dreamy.  Ideas can be anything, you can easily stick anything on them and narrate the story. Then comes the daughter-in- law, she also does not bring much intelligence but the fact is that when a man becomes a father, he is about 27-28 years old and becomes a husband.  It also includes one's own wisdom. It is okay that wives and mothers think that sister has taught them, it is okay and then they say something like I should get a defined money, I should get something in a defined structure, my property should be accounted for, wealth should be accounted for.  yes  My assets, my savings, those who work in the business with their parents, I am using it again and again as a boy, but there will be a girl too, but it is very rare, okay, so that's why the word boy is coming out, and girl too.  It may be possible, but I am telling about most of the boys, they do not have any savings of their own and they say, son, everything we have is yours, why do you have to save, come work and take money, ask every time, do this like this.  come home with sweets I keep doing it like this, I have to keep it up till the end, and what happens till the boy 's patience breaks, he turns 33-34 years old, he has never worked outside, he has not done any MBA, there is no skill course.  He hasn't upgraded any of his skills, he doesn't know how to do any work beyond that business, nor does he have any experience. Now who will give a job to such a 33 year old? If someone comes to you, I am in selection etc. How can I get a job in the interviews of the companies? You did that till now, I was doing my father's work for 11 years, now it is my father's work, it is the Delhi work, yours is the one in Chawri Bazaar, this kind of work does not suit here in the corporate.  So how will you get a job and even if you get it, you will get the same Rs. 40, 50, 60, 70, 800 thousand. You are not like that, you were doing your father's work for 10 years, then you will be appointed VP directly.  If you don't invest anything in any company then he is neither from here nor from there, that's why you are listening to me, or are you smart, brother, do your normal business for the first 1012 years, if father has someone like this, it is worth 10000 crores.  There is no business and tell father that brother, do as much as you can, sometimes we will come to understand, we will see Saturday Sunday, we will understand a little, but earn your respect yourself by doing this in front of father.  If you beg like this, you will be treated like this because many times the father will feel that the child is not working because he feels that I am working and he works with me. Now this does not come because father, you have become an employer. No father, only father looks good, as employee and boss do not look good, because now what is he? If he did not come on Saturday, if he did not come on Sunday, then go there, no, he is married, I have seen people sent here, boy sent there.  They have given their power politics in the house, the mother-in-law does not get along with the daughter-in-law, they are moving the boy from here to there, the girl who is a daughter-in-law, she is not a daughter-in-law, they are trying to take her towards a maid, I am making her sound a little harsh.  But there are case studies, it doesn't happen like this, it's not all like this, parents, so I didn't say, nothing, they do more than a few, not all are like this, not all are in this business, but there are many, there are so many that they can be made as a case study. falling and this is what i talk about  I am telling you that I am taking this to the end, you will get variety in it, if this is a very idealistic situation and this is a very past situation, then many people are working here in this zone, not all reach here gradually.  Patience fills the pot of anything, so these things have to be seen, power and what will be there in it. I have seen many places that a girl would be working, a daughter would be working and the family would be fine, there would be a car and everything.  Is that girl's job worth Rs. 60, 70, 800 thousand? We do not want our daughter-in-law to work because complete control will come only then because even in a job worth Rs. 80,000, the daughter-in-law can free her son from the clutches at some stage. Even if you stay on rent, get some work done, get him released, many times we will tell him too, son, join us, this is disguised unemployment, only if genuinely needed.  You have to join the business, you don't have to give it so soon and then that special person, the way you have created him, he cannot draw so much blood in it, as much as you are thinking, he will get a new marriage, he will also enjoy, travel and also win the hearts of many parents.  But the snakes return when the children are enjoying and they are busy in the business. This is also true that you take it every time and go there for a walk, especially if you have to take the money from the business or earn income from it, only if it is his.  Had the income been Rs 2.5 lakh or Rs 2 lakh and the girl's income would have been Rs 1 lakh, perhaps a brother who earns Rs 3.5 lakh can go on a trip three to four times in a year, he has to go somewhere, gets 10 days off, one day off, this, but this business.  If you are not able to go, then there will be trouble if you go for one year. If you will not be able to go the next year, then there is no happiness. I am saying that business should be done only after clearing the terms and conditions and the child should be brought on board and the child who is listening. He should also be very clear that brother, what are the terms and conditions, how many rights do I have, can I take business decisions, I have seen that Delhi is no longer taking its name, then no one is hurting anyone's privacy. There is a case of Delhi.  Some of the computer work was related to hardware etc., the good system was for the clients and the main business was controlled by the father and the hard work was for the peripherals. Whatever business is necessary at the age of 20 because it becomes a concentration risk, that's all the boy does, he goes again and again and he is crying in front of me. What would Guruji say? Father doesn't even teach me the whole thing. He just says this.  Do this, where is it coming from, where is it coming from, what is the account, what is the margin, what is the voucher, how is GST, where is whose account, what is the account, a business has a soul, it is something like that I know the dish.  You know the recipe but you don't tell the other person. You just tell. Cut the vegetable, wash it, plate it, plate it, do n't tell me what spices to add, what vegetable to make, how is the base curry, if you don't want to tell anything.  If that person is being used like Chhotu then it is very Chhotu, you understand that it is a word which is like a driver, he has a Chhotu, there is a Chhotu at the shop, there is a Chhotu at the dhaba.  By doing this, he is like this and you are using him like Chhotu. Like him, you are not empowering him anywhere. Look at the fathers who are empowering their children and those who are taking them along, I will say yes rarely. 5 is only on 10, this is the best. If you are in this category, then many congratulations to your father. If your father is in this category, then many congratulations on 90. If you are in the same category. What I told in the beginning and its variety will be found, some will be more extreme, some will be found a little in the middle and this is a matter of great pain and the society has to discuss this thing because look, one fact has come that today there is a shortage of jobs.  Now, jobs are not available easily and those who are children of employed people will do jobs only. Where will they get business from? If they are mature so quickly, otherwise if the son of a businessman does business and is developed, then on paper it is a very good situation.  Is it that son, if you give Rs 40,000 to someone for Rs 80,000, you will do that to him, he will be sad and he will do it to you and he will do it to you, you do it like this right here and but the fact is that he is getting one lakh rupees.  If he is getting a big thing, then the biggest issue is this. I hope you will register this issue as such. The solution is not one, it will have to be specific. So if you are facing true problems then I hope you will register this issue.  B I can do your consult, you can connect with me B. There is no single solution to this because this is a very tight situation, it is made according to the different varieties of everyone, but we should not get trapped in this and should not be sad, this is the message.  So all of you who are suffering from this and you know Sambeet, if you have seen then my request in the comment section is you have to write a word ID what to write ID ID What does Identify with the Situation mean, its short form is So I would feel that yes, people agree with my case study. Share it on your groups. Here I just want to plead with folded hands, Don't do this what you with dad.  What we are doing is that the family does not go ahead for its power politics, we have to take the family on board, we have to give clarity to the boy, we have to give him a fair amount and also his working.  You have to define and gradually increase his power and knowledge. If you are using your son like Chhotu, then his reactions will also be the same. If you also do bad things, this is also a fact, then it is a tricky situation of the society. Because once you come and paint one side black and paint the other white, that too is not necessary, the truth is not the same. Truth between is always grey. Okay, so I hope you guys liked this one. You can take membership of this channel. If you have any other question, sir, you can write related in the comment section. After many days, I did the case study, do you want me like this?  You tell me if I should keep doing case studies and I will try to include the six or seven case studies already in the playlist in the comment section, please watch them because you will definitely be able to help someone. It is important.  It is not that you are in that situation because my work here is also to make consultants and many people are associated with me. Those who are associated in platinum membership are also becoming so, so if you people want platinum membership then you can also take platinum membership. Thank you very much for the channel