That Hello friends, today we will discuss the commercial and that too specifically on Dwarka Expressway. In a commercial on commercial property, normally hard, very hard earned money does not go. Advani, earned by sweat in the sun is normal. Yes, sometimes inheritance money is definitely used now.  It may be someone else's hard earned money. Okay, that is a thing in this dam and vice versa, it is at Chennai level. Entry is talked about as united and now we will get united.  Will get entry Before talking about the commercial of Dwarka Expressway, let me give you a message to you guys Why should normal retail Musaddi Lal Investor provides a great tool Smart Great S Investors are my very good likes and DSP but in this thing  I want to tell you that now this party is not going to go ahead, now listen very carefully, let's talk about the commercial, which is the Gurgaon portion of Dwarka Expressway, from where it starts. Delhi is the border, let's discuss a little about the commercial from there. By pressing in 113 sector, you know what is right in it, whatever residential will be built there, commercial will also come in it because of that mix land use of deaths and that kind of transit corridor should be tight you dare.  It is mixed at the Sakae level and it is very easy there also, there will be no need for commercial, so many commercials come on everyone, so much so here.  Something great is coming, so great is coming, no one was talking about the numbers, so stay Rekha, even in my society, I will not watch the movie now, let's talk about it, the movie is definitely going to be in the ad plot, this is a shot, okay mother.  So, it is not being seen even in the shops of the society. Let us move ahead, the whole front of Dwarka Expressway. Let's come to the commercial area, it does not take more than a year to be built or sold because there is no such thing in it that 50  make floor Building 30 floors has to be built in between, two, three, four floors have to be built, they are removed very quickly, especially when such a plant has been set up that it can be searched for 12% 22% 24 at will for four years and then built and handed over in 2 years.  It becomes an incentive because many people do not realize that the money they are giving to you is yours, that is, if they could have fitted the pricing for ₹ 3000, then they would have been robbed of 45 thousand rupees.  If you get a suit for Rs. 8000, then in actual you get Rs. 3720, the valuation of Vaishya Thirty Thousand comes out, that is a lot, but it is 21, there are many more supplies which are hair masks, which now people will say that the government has created the government. No, it would compete with the dream and what difference does the middling government make, will anyone build a commercial space within two acres and someone will buy it?  Someone else will make it and some prince will also go but all of them have to see how much are the footfalls. To get out of rental inn, those who say that in commercial you get 67 cents, they also say 89 and those who give returns are 9-10-  2018 also give 24, I say come to four percent, come to four percent and do the reverse calculation that if it is a shop then its four percent rental sleep will be that much.  That is, if the monthly income will be so much, then how much will be the monthly run, then how much money will the person doing the activity have to earn, that is sustainable profit, no person will sit in a shop for Rs 10,20,30,000 per month. You become this delivery boy of yours. 30 4042 How much money do they earn? When a man sits, when you reverse engineer him, you will get a figure like I did, X plus Y plus. Z plus only total to CA calculate to find out the cost of residential. By the way, there is a question, I did not tell that also, it is okay so soon, but I am asking you guys to do the homework by train that today I edited teacher tell me something.  Hand, there is a very big thing that I am going to tell you, how many people agree with it right now, so write this, degree and the second one will be disbelief, which green, how many people feel dip, I am open, more people gave.  Do it because if people, then here I have not told such a breaking news thing that it is possible for the first time in the history of real estate that commercial goes at low rates and residential gets sold at low rates. It's like nonsense, I am not saying that the 30-40,000 person  It is not 30-40,000 rupees, I am saying that this shop is charging so much extra, I am talking about those in society shops, that even if this bill  Surprised why in both directions because you can't sleep on Ultimate's commission by going to Ultimate, it has no end use if no one comes here, there is a very big player and there are many, all their goods are sold, they always get good returns.  They make a promise and they give it, okay they promised for 3-4 years, get it done in 2 years, you can't hold them responsible for that, someone even writes in it that it 's good, fry it till it's ready.  And the upper limit of this minimum is the neck first, then I don't care about it, so you have to put your mind anywhere that ultimately this much was taken for me, ultimately subscribe and request people to go through this business. If so many people, then you tell me if they are ready to eat, then the maid will go. If one more opens, then now these 10 people who cannot be in the radio should come and go there, but they are divided and  So and then even if the samosa seller comes tomorrow, I am a human being, I will also come one day, then the quote was 10 soft, at that first Golgappa vendor, that place will be shared, if you go to Dwarka Expressway, which will be the next  The number of five years is this you week numbers which I just did my research by the front care government and the document figure is that eight lakh people eight lakh people in the next five-six years okay so that eight lakh people in the next five  Calculate in a year, I should also calculate in the same way, do society suicide, add all the SDO, add the office, add mom, dad all and watch a commercial on this because of the key and risky, online shows cannot be shown like commercials online.  You can buy and you can buy residential because online show cannot be done, then in Dwarka Express there is no clarity as to how terrible the commercial and supplier terrible means 5 to 6.  In 7 times, 5 to 6, 7 times and supply for which can be created with meaning, how is the prediction going on, the maximum population for the next six-seven years and the line of next six years which is looking commercial, which is looking no commercial in future.  If we look at the supply that we have, then even if there is an absolute, we can say that it is the highest, Back for Your Love Calculator in Kurnool lies behind it.  Even after doing the rough calculation method, she is getting out six times or five times that even after doing double cover envelope calculations, there would have been a lot more supply, if I do it brother, it is 65, then he will argue a lot, so when I go to the pit.  I will tell you my formula data and all that the government has not kept, how many licenses have been issued and the government has not told, if there are so many people, then what will be the population in the next 40 years if it is staged today.  Even if you have taken a commercial, it will stagnate again. Please do not do anything with the existing commercials. You can also buy residential and conversion. You keep roaming around all the commercial Gurgaon and I go to any BK and go on a weekend, just go to 11th Maths. Roam around one wicket of individual products that if you want, let me tell you again what programs will be there inside such a plot and why it will not work so well because there is no one in the sun.  Doesn't like to do anything, does n't like to crop in the rain, does n't like to wash in the educated season, doesn't like to wash in the winter, so those people are like that, they stay in their house till the button is pressed, they won't go out to eat, test.  Changes will be made but Khasara should eat everything and everything I will do and in the end member's example of ready and samosas on blood group. You cannot account every same person 10 times. I have told you that he is a man otherwise end the story and eight lakhs.  The government of the entire Dwarka Expressway told that now the entire Dwarka Expressway is not more than that till 45 lakh 75, if you calculate it then every person will appreciate it, every person will say, my 5 lakh, this is my mom 5 lakh, my death is 5 lakh.  My death will be 5 lakhs, hey brother, there will be fikki and samosas and papdi lick tomorrow time, lick the papdi, mine will do, his will do, but then it is getting divided among all, then time.  The time is getting divided, which market will be office space, which will be very typed with someone, that company will be a seller of recipes, Google Google and this one who is on top will automatically do some commercial real estate investment.  Will take the trust, then if you understand the Commercial Real Estate Investment Trust, then do not touch the Movie Details Option Swift Excise Dwarka Expressway Commercial Leaves Dwarka Expressway at all, now I will complete the sentences also. I speak only about Gurgaon, but in the rest, you still get the feeling that everything is just a pretense, here brother, retention has not come, the commission is ready first, the village is settled, it is not accepted that the further recovery comes first, in Haryana they talk about villages.  Before the settlement is built, it is fine, that means the residential is ready, it will be built in 5 years. We are making every residential house commercial as well, only people's work will be done inside it.  Day of licking papdi, teaching a lesson, shopping, buying a phone, everyone comes into the house by pressing this button, anyway they are coming into the house, no one is going because today people have become so pointy, not making fun of women, butt is telling and  The number of ladies with fair skin who present themselves in such a manner, let's go to the shop, the shopkeeper will become unconscious, if you show this too, then you are shopping here, some 50, some 34, so much respect is kept in the shop.  The amount of inventory and goods shown online cannot be contained in the shop, and if there is a little bit by mistake, you cannot see that much, you will feel embarrassed, please show me red brother, show me blue also.  When it was seen in two greens, it was seen that it was of smaller size and it was also seen of a bigger size. When I opened it today, it was not there. Brother, this change is so drastic and we all know what I am talking about. Please tell all this to all of us.  who is my audience  Do you do shopping? How are you doing? Even these days, you still go. Brother, you have to go sometimes, and sometimes you get enough of it, I should make a shop, why should I buy? You are me, I sometimes feel like going to the commercial, so I  I will go and if I like it then I will take it from here, there is a need to buy from here, it is not without business, it is good, okay, thank you very much, if you people understand this, thank you, thank you, share it with people and now how much more?  Do you disagree or not, post your comment in whatever way because there is no current supply of registrations, there is a terrible supply of commercials, you will hear all the commercials, with someone saying the same thing all the time, if it is okay to do 136 like this again and again, then it will make people like that.  It starts to seem that yes, this is it, open the newspaper, it is visible there, it is visible, if it's the surrounding's greatest all, Great Friday or all will look good, something like that is fine, on Sona Road.  A commercial was made below and it went above that, it is okay and everyone goes from above, what will happen to their shop, they will be built in SPR also 2 3 Live That commercial came from there, everything is okay above that, once the man climbs up and then climbs down, but  One does not come to the shop like this by climbing up on the left side and then opening it from the front and then doing a U turn from the back. One does not go to such a distressed shop in the mall like that. It is okay either in the mall like Damoh, a homemade small like ours where it is for that only.  Make it for the entry also, how are you, okay is it like this otherwise this is a pick with a pinch of salt of the expressway is a commercial which is being touted as Dwarka Expressway is good neither does it mean buying commercial there at any rate  Don't take anything and that at any rate. Well, now you are ready, take out the avatar rate, identify it as Rs 45,000, the account in which you have 50% Rs. 15000 off.  Will do it for you, if it's ok then the man feels like this, now the rate will increase for me, Edward Vikram Twenty-20, this work is being done there, and will give you every mantra, witch money, every Monday time, Germany is your money only, ultimately, Ireland Vitamin  It looks very good from this but I will have to pay this much for its maintenance every month. I can pay rent for the shop so be it. Verification Oil Gift Sach Land of Midnight  On this award this award like any rate so much if smaller product small budget real things really want to have all this then please wait for it thank you a