Hello friends, today's topic is Bank Bank Distress Properties. The bank has defaulted on the properties that were mortgaged because many people scolded me on this too, so I would like to discuss something on this, first of all I would like to ask some questions.  On this because people are attracted to this default setting but they do not ask themselves 24 questions. Okay, that's the question I will ask you guys. Then I decide, don't tell me on which game did you get the rating or not?  Also, if a property is bought in India then you know that if it is worth ₹ 100 then the bank gives a loan of only rs. 80. We all know this, the work is fine and secondly, we also know the normal list that the one which is ₹  80 out of 100 were taken to the tower registry after a lot of efforts, you know there is another component too so it could be the thing worth Rs 130 on which I was interested, that happened and if Rs.80 was given then that much  The problem is that most of the properties that are mortgaged are built up properties, where someone was living in them, they can be given on rent, so a lot of such properties come in the market, so you have to see that the buyer is willing to buy it.  He defaulted because he could not give the loan, for any reason, it may be due to his compulsion or whatever is right, the bank does all this work in his time, this is the first thing, this is the first toe think, here also there is an option to pledge 130 things to the bank.  increase in level Go and take it. Hey, you ask why that man would open his ₹ 50. If he sells 130 rupees in the market, then he needs 12000 rupees. How much loan does he need for 1 yellow soil? It is possible that the loan price may be less. The loan price may still be worth it.  If it is less then why is he doing it? He sold it in the market and then sold it to Nidhi and by selling this he could have returned the loan. The loan gets transferred and not even reached. My loan is pending with the bank for the 70th time. I want to sell to you and the bail will be of Rs 1 crore, so you will write Rs 30 to me and give Rs 70 lakh to the bank and that procedure is first introduced, you give it to the bank, it is in demand, you all know that properties are sold well in the market even for loans.  There are a lot of transfers, you know it all, so why is this not happening? Is it not that there is a crisis within the property itself that the person is ready to leave? There may be some start in the property or something.  Dignity can start with the fact that I don't know whose name it is, what is it, what is fraud with decision, Manas Patel Rest for Astrological, I will tell you that by taking someone's property under compulsion, you never get happiness and peace anyway. To live on your own, you will take this kind of people.  This is not a blessing, I am telling you this strategically, I am trying to tell you this thing through this video that how is this effect, stop wasting time on this that you can you can all  Together by pass is difficult. Even if you come across some Joshi property by mistake, the knowledge will not reach you. I am a bank una, he is my employee and Kundli Creative is also my employee. If you go astray by mistake, then you will go to the same technology till the time it reaches you in the same way.  Till then the matter remains, you understand my point that brother, if I am very enthusiastic, if you understand, I have just come this far, my aliens are intelligent, so I do n't know openly, I am fine, then this.  Those properties can be returned because of this I will tell you the correct word risk is very less Pearl for the quantity and above all the testing The what is not that much report this product at all It has many properties which was worth 60 crores  And he had taken too much loan from someone and then completely defaulted where collusion can also happen. Properties of reaction value mission 400 crores.  It was Rs 500 crores, it was checked up, Rs 100 crores 700 crores more loan was given and there will be correction and it has become big, something like this has happened in the market, now when that type of property comes in option, it would be very big.  It is okay for someone who has time in a big legal team to check everything by playing NFC off in his own waste, but you and I, the people of Musaddilal category, it is okay, the common man can understand this thing. This property worth Rs 1 crore is worth Rs 1.5 crore. Well, neither do we have a legal team nor we have many good people who are lawyers themselves. Okay, yes, he is a lawyer himself, so now if he is a doctor then he would have understood.  Isn't it Health Medical Science Injection Rock, so they will be different and unwanted to you that you yourself are a lawyer in the panel of that bank in the same system and I have already given such property as NDA, even if anything comes great, it has already been programmed.  You have to see that like this  Common Customer Nitin Just Avoid All Together Yes All In Inner Circle Have Voted Sampann To Time And Again Due To Fit I Do Not Died Due Loot Pradesh People Earn Money In Witch And Option Also People Earn In Bitcoin Also Come Less In Trading Future Har  People come less in this thing but this David Beckham and of the day every body should not be doing a behavior like this, help is quite widespread, understanding it is a normal man's game.  If you still want to play the game then you should have raw footage, it should be someone with confidence because now the question is Lakshmi understood the real state food apply call I am just one number one related clarity and don't thing my  You must have convinced me too in your mind that investors approach me, there is nobility, she remains, so this and this happened, we saw many went inside, okay, understood this thing very well.  And realized that it is not the expertise, it is not the space, I am not the number one care for myself, it is the expertise, for this you need very multifaceted professional expertise. You understand, now you cannot become a lawyer, not even in the form, it is not that in every way.  He is also worth a special team of lawyers, now he is the lawyer who solves and solves divorce cases. If he has the right lever level, he is here, who is the totality here.  Hello, whose is it from the beginning, what is the game, how was the deposit taken on the title development, its inheritance, who has it, brother said that he has set up a mine, the person who leaves his property, he may have put it in six places, I don't know where. Its meaning lies in the fact that a normal man can avoid it. But the players of Khatron Ke Khiladi never say that even if they earn money, it is not so, so you have to see my personal view of my own audience.  There is a recommendation and a clear body and it is said that people are paying money like this, it is just a question that if you like these types of videos, then it is okay because I am doing a lot of things even with my concentration, now at least it gets likes, it is okay. Now everyone will come to know about this, so they will ask me because they will ask real estate questions, I will just rob a kitchen, the questions which have not even arisen in your mind will arise after 6 minutes, the video on them will be ready first.  Because whatever type of person a person can think about real estate, I have already thought about it. I have an undercover request to you all that if you have any questions, please post them. It is possible that if I have not thought, then I will happily think about it and make a video on that too. You are fine because after doing so much Anju, I send them to my son many questions every day. Questions come and I cannot answer them quickly in a few times, so let me tell you through the video that now this type of bank.  If you ever have a question about the properties, then you should look at it thoroughly because whenever there will be a debate, whether a friend is telling or the banker is telling, they will always wash it like this, this does not happen, see and earn in it. I am not denying it myself but I am still saying that this saying is such a system, it is such a thing that a common man can award it. Please like and share. Thank you.