Hello friends, Gurgaon Real Estate Secret Series, you are getting 10 to 12 lakh rupees cheaper in some flats having thirteenth floor. Many people have misconception about thirteenth floor that Edison Astrologer is like Vastu's AS Even Real Estate Guy 1000 Problem by More.  The British are trying to observe the Atishay Trayodashi fast and people are not interested in Thursday and in projects they are 144  If you do this, then if you get any acidity, I have some, it is okay and if you get this, then please don't it is also okay that if she is doing this as a guest of her husband, today I want to tell you clearly, let me tell you this please.  Like, share and if you are ok then we will give it a number. The number is 10 minutes, so what is this eight number, four number unit, people think there is a problem, okay, if you do n't know that eight is required, then the thing to see in this is the energy levels.  Are we at home?  Normally, if you go to sleep and relax, then is it very good for a commercial, this footfall will always be there, the crowd will increase, the energy level will remain the same, but nowadays in work from home, if there is a young couple below 50 years, will I or will I not consider it okay?  If it is a young couple, they have no problem, no problem in taking 4 number 8 unit, yes but want to live till old age, 75 80 years, want more relaxation and fun. This is The Images of Foreign Debt Will Discover With Energy Those people who are number four and eight, they do not last, now I must have seen if you know any number eight and four, who have a lot of energy and always keep working.  Sam Big Sister Sab Big Sister 8006 Do you know anyone all this Badi Born and 3022 and Steven Do you know any combo that works 16 17 18 hours because that's it now this energy many people  If it can be good for then like our dear Prime Minister ji is 17 Taliban is number eight and our dear Amit Shah ji who is 31st date then see if they work with full force then they are images and do not get tired now to work with them.  Do you know what could have been the condition of those people? If you want to sleep, have fun or spend some more time then you have to understand it in this way, if you think it is bad then you would have limelighted anything without complete knowledge and would have said it was good. Thirteen  Flournoy Shishu at Number and Phone Number Unit I quantity him that brother you have to do school of fun not only work but have relaxed energy and if you have to do that then I too you can avoid but if you have to avoid all these things from all over this world  There is a work from home remedy in the home entry corner, so you will keep getting work on one side, the number to send voice mail is 84. If you yourself are 804, then you do not need to worry. 8 9  In 4 months, because your energy levels go like that, does the numerologist know a little bit about Vastu? This is a very tree of please like in astrology, the matter is coming out from the consultation, a little bit, I have kept my mood like that, then there is an obscene year ending, so this is  You are getting to see the videos one after the other, your target is to get 25000 subscribers till 12th March 30th. When you are watching the video, you will be seeing. How much is the subscriber base, there is also a condition that you will do it, it will really really help me and my father, mother and anyone at home, first show them the video and say like, it feels good, it makes me do it forcefully, see, I have confidence in my content but they  He said, I liked it, I understood it, I liked it, there is more material and masala, it is very good, please subscribe, do n't force it, it is okay, don't force it, to whom I am telling all these things.  The use of things is to forward them and request them and if you want to see such forward then do it brother, okay subscribe thank you very much very much more to come in quick succession leaves press the bell icon this is coming out from pet consultation And it won't last long. Okay, I will keep giving you more things like this. If you keep giving 200 likes, I will keep giving you things like this in each one.  No benefit will be seen thank you Remedy