That question comes in Gurgaon commercial space, many people want to strengthen their business or anything, so today the topic will be that if you want to feel ashamed, then if you are thinking of buying something for yourself, then my device will be for those people that if you want to strengthen your business in this Business: Tata Piya, some want to do their professional work, let's go to the restaurant or do hotel management, some want to open some of their own work, some business, some fodder, some typing.  If you want anything, you can start it, it is okay, take it to the barber shop, even if someone wants to open it, then my suggestion is please do not buy, I will tell you the result of the business, it was recommended, let's go or not, we have one of our own in it.  The problem is that if you buy a commercial yourself then that risk and explanation also increases because it is possible that your business may not work at that particular place due to any reason and you decide after some time.  Clear my should go there then middle satellite don't put all eligible and all the money into this your whatever you say sir I will save my front because if I get my thing then you have to see that that money you Commercial Real Estate Investment Trust  You can put it in Takra from there and you will get the application from there also. Now in the coming time, I will tell you very clearly about Real Estate Investment Trust. I had already posted this video of mine, how to buy it.  I just told you that I bought it myself, okay, and you can watch that video, okay, I will also put it in the link section, please leave the WhatsApp video doctor negative things, if milk is available in the market, then there is no need to rear a buffalo or buy a packet of milk.  You will face some useful and associated problems in buffalo rearing, so you have to see this thing, Riso is not in favor of date fixed, whether it should be small, whether it should be commercial, whether it should be commercial or not.  Whether your business works or not, if you keep it, then the white elephant will turn around your neck. If parents want to buy something for their child, then they have all the money. If they have money, then they want to buy it. My child will become commercial.  Do something or you must help your child in the context of the question asked in the context of You Understand You Can Understand Something Call Arbitrage Opportunity Also Very Good Get Into This By Taking This  Thank You Not Been Gifted and Companies Also Cent So if you want more clarity on this then please write in the comment section. If you type 'Give more clarity on readers' or 'RSCIT SP' then I will tell you more about it slowly and gradually.  I will know how it is only, how many tags is patient, how you can put any figure in it, ₹5000, ₹500, thousands of rupees, thousand crores, how much is up to you.  It depends so you can put everything very easily that you can exit from it very very easily and it will be very good for you, to go into it you can do a crush india on edit right now only three are coming Tuesday but which is joint right now  Venture and positioning is happening and from what I see Tata Realty is doing a lot, Godrej also has plans and chances of bigger and bigger places are going.  Forward I feel like I failed with install platform V 2652 6 More Research So the choice will move towards and we have to check that there is also a fund of funds of Ritz in tax and it also has international exposure that is one And there is a new thing, if first I will explain it to you, like first a man learns to ride a bicycle, then he learns to ride by leaving his hands, then he will become a little more high level, then Kotak Mahindra also has it for you.  It is my duty to tell you about this product. Teacher, it is my duty. Return mini easy and products of existing in commercial. Please do not want I want to see the 3 CR in one neck thing. Wah chale na chale angry bird recent visit to exit if you 5 seconds.  If you can make your own profit and take five rupees, then that studio can get into something. Capital appreciation is happening in that too. What are the benefits of them and how are they better than taking the actual ones? I will definitely make them in the videos. If the audience gets interested, if people write in the comment section of this video about 25 to 30 ITS that they understand.  As many people want to understand, it is not difficult, there is no complication, it is very easy, you only need to have a demat account, which I know very much today.  People have Vikas, there is a lot of Demat, it is fine and those who don't have it, it is very easy to open, you can open it easily, you will discuss about it, answer all the questions of yours or please write in the comment section with the people.  Share thank you very much