Hello friends, today's topic is Unique Topics Topics. If you enjoy them, then like them. If you have not subscribed the channel then do it now. I bring 360 degree perspective there are 1000 of practical topics on real estate. This is I think the most important thing and decision in your. Even in life, the decision after marriage is okay. I believe that this decision is important after marriage. I know a lot about it. We should be fine because there is a lot of picnic on this subject. I am being a real estate educator and I think I am the one and only D way. I go in an unstructured manner so I run different topics. Please like this.  You and discuss on 13th floor, avoid 13th floor, it is also okay, knowledge of respect aspects of life, it is also okay, it is 13th Trayodashi when you do this.  You are watching the video, when this video will be released, you can watch it later also, when that video is being released, the date of Trayodashi is ok, the date that says Trayodashi in Sanatan Dharma is a very good thing, it is not a bad thing and floor.  There is no need to worry at all because it is very difficult to prove floor 13th, which 13 people will say, everywhere there is one or two basements, cars are parked sometimes on the ground floor.  So, how are you counting the storeys? What could be your 13 may be my 14, that is why the builders are not even writing 13 and write 12 after 12 or make 14 after 12, then the number of the flat will be 1401.  It goes ok 1201 1401 on top of that and when I am saying this then what is this, I am like this only to listen to the story, I am also telling the disclaimer.  I have bought a flat of 13 floors and it is cheaper. I know there is no problem, it is not a cheap flat. Brother, I don't know. There will be a resale tomorrow. First of all, it does n't make any difference to the property. It doesn't make any difference. There is no practical difference in the flat.  The number 13 has become the specific energy of the floor. 13 has nothing to do with it. There are six flats on one floor, so the floor has no meaning. You don't have any tension. So when it comes with clarity, you understand it. Energy levels remain high, like in a commercial shop it is normally said that if your shop is a shop or an office, if your four numbers or eight numbers are added, then it is good because you do not want to put it there, but many times the man in the house  They need peace and there are elderly people, if they live in your number and number eight then it is possible that they may feel a little restless because of the energy level and if it is a young couple or if you are a little old.  You may be a citizen but you are this party, are you the one who shakes his mouth like this while holding the last one or does style, you understand this is not a big deal, it is not bad, the floor has nothing to do with it, the floor has nothing to do with it like this. How can you disappear among yourselves like this, there is no benefit to me, when the builders talk like this, the G, the van, the three, we don't put the del, let's talk, many people said, hey, we make something else in this, service service, what is it, what is one  By disappearing two flats there are some more  If you make a thing then I have explained that there is no problem, I have also tried to do that, it is a matter of discussion, whatever you call thirteenth, I will call it 14th because you are doing it in Hindi, you are saying G+, first of all, that is the floor, isn't it the ground?  I told you, first of all, you can count from there also and if you want to count in the same way, then count from the basement, then the 13th from the basement will become the 11th, then okay, if you understand, then it is a matter of brainstorming.  There is no need, there is no problem, otherwise it is not that there is an affair with the British, we follow the British so much, it is Friday, so you see who you are, do you see who you are, do you have to follow whom, okay  Good discount is available many times, it is practical, it does not matter and when the thing is ready, if you have not even asked the seller in the region, then if you are taking it openly, take it and I am when I am.  Speaking this I am telling that I also have also gone and I had a choice then I took it because it was cheaper, I am getting 5 6 7 lakhs cheaper, now you will say friend, why am I getting cheaper, if I am getting cheaper then it is a mess.  You can also say that it is okay but now they have stopped being available, you go and check, it is available at a huge discount, now this is the latest, many of them have not even given a discount of ₹ 1. And in that, if you  If you are angry at someone who wanted to take it, then I am responsible. Okay, now you will say that you have taken yours and spoiled our game, then as you can say, but the one who is taking the consultation by taking money will be told the right thing.  No, because it is like this only the common man and the planet take consultation and people also take it. I told them that people believe, people take something else, this video must have been made to change your belief. Change, tell me how many changes have been made, write down the kudos and those that have not, write down the no, then I will also know that yes, I have understood that which is the 13th floor, there is confusion in saying that, it is okay because someone calls it yours.  I say it's not only yours and I am yours, there is nothing wrong with it and the one that is mine and yours is actually 14, so I took the one below that is yours and I am yours, there is no problem in that too.  If yes, then how many do I accept and believe in, or whoever says, have I been successful in changing it, then you write yes, this is mine, if I write yes, then write no, then it is okay for the yes and no people to look at their own values ​​and if  If you are not able to change, no problem, will try again. If there is change, then what happened? Okay, there was a big belief long ago, it is very good to take the lower floors because the gift will stop, now it is changing, it is not happening at high speed.  the elevator is coming up  There is no dust, no mud, no pollution, no sleeping, no alcohol, no privacy, it is also good and it takes 6 to 7 seconds, if you go up and down even 10 times a day, then there is a loss of 1 minute of time. Only one person is valuable in India. I don't care about anyone other than him. It is so important that none of us are doing anything that in 60 seconds you can go up and open your windows and doors. If you want such topics then I am.  And I will bring what to buy in the flats, which one to buy because in Rs. 1.5 thousand, there is promotion, combination and selection because when you reach there, you are offered, sister, which suit to buy, then there are so many suits, you can buy only one.  Then I do n't know the formula according to which it should be at the top, the door should be facing east, the balcony should be east, apply your mind, where does the sunlight come from, it will come from the door, the object is kept in such a way that somewhere in the world, sunlight and air are kept with your eyes.  take a look  This is good, that is not good, how many times have I told you guys on this, I have made a video to see that the people living in the house are different according to their horoscope, so at any time there is only one person in any house.  It will be good for one person and will not be good for others. This is a fact. It means that we will keep changing the house. I will tell you what should be done in it. If you are interested in all these things, if you like this thing then please write because I have  So very practical content  Hey Dad, Mom, there are two children, something is not feeling good, the child's studies are not going well or if mom has stomach ache, what can I do? If we don't change the house, mom will have stomach ache. Dad is needed. Okay, so can we do some cheating in it that we do something like this, we will fill it, so if you want that video, then I will definitely make it for you guys, but I will make you guys the number two real estate clarity of India, all my subscribers.  Do you yourself feel that you are gradually becoming successful by watching the video? Even if it is happening then write like this, okay, I want two of these, then the first app, is it okay? Am I succeeding? It seems that you  Will you say number, what kind of number will you give, then I will be the one, okay, I will definitely make the numbers for all of you and you will become like this on real estate while walking, I know you will enjoy doing all the types, please forward this video to everyone in your relatives or not.  I will do it with knowledge, so please like it. Subscribe and stop requesting for a while, if people stop running away then I and I are requesting that I think I added value through this video. I am asking for my rights from my father, mother, brother and sister, whoever subscribes. I am assuming you have done it ok that you are not seeing the red subscribe button, it is gray, you can see it by subscribing and pressing the bell notification.  Okay, I am going to resume the video of 9:00 pm. Okay, those who come and go, then there will be no Dhaba Rakhi, sister, the notification will not be seen again, then they will say and give it, give it brother, once in the black hole.  It goes from there and then it becomes difficult to get out of there. Like Share Thank You