Hello friends, this is a very popular topic and remains the subject of much discussion, so I will give clarity on this because I bring 360 degree clarity. I do not make things by holding only one side, I give all 360 degree clarity. The topic is yes, you should get it observed.  Chauth Vrat and should you keep it? Do you know that in our Indian culture, at some places, this Chauth fast is observed all over the pan India?  We will discuss beyond this and will try to make it 360 degree. We should put it here in the beginning. We should not start by saying it, but I will try my best to give clarity on this. So you have to send the husbands who are watching to the wives, this must be sent because  Question: For them, husbands should also have clarity and wives should also share whatever they are hearing. So why is Karva Chauth fast kept, how is it kept, those who keep it generally know.  All people are aware and what it is. What I want to bring out is that it was never done and observed in a big way in our country. I will take the example of Haryana and tell you that this culture in Haryana does not belong to Haryana, so women in Haryana.  There was no culture of this, now a period of time has come, why not there was, women of Haryana discuss it even today in their homes.  And earlier agriculture was predominant, there is a lot of work like chopping of wheat flour, fetching water and taking care of animals in the morning and that Kolappan woman gets sick, then there is panic even if only one woman is sick, then there are other women in the family like there used to be joint family systems.  I am discussing it historically but if all the women kept it then in a way the shop would have been closed in those days so it was not in the culture now of course modern era has come to wear suits and sarees like that.  The work of mimosa has also been done and the women observed from those culture where it was not possible that this is a great thing, is there anything to do with it?  Do n't think that I am anti anti, I tell you right in advance that people leave here and run away. Hey brother, I am not anti anti anti, brother, I am not pro pro either. There may be an independent opinion as to where this is coming from. What is there in this now is that it is shown in such a way that the wife is keeping her husband for a longer life, then this also creates misconceptions that even if the wives who do not keep her, their husbands will not have a longer life. Do you understand the sentiment?  Let us come to know why fasting is kept, fast is said in Indian culture, in English it is a well known thing, it is very good for the health, there is also a fast on Ekadashi and also across religion.  It is not that only one community sees and does everything, you know that the whole month is kept, so it is a good thing but it is true and in this there are some fasts in the degree of difficulty which become more difficult which are ours. If you look at the Chhat Puja that is observed in Bihar, there is no celebration of the end of the fast in the sense that one eats a lot and one remains hungry since morning in the evening and it lasts longer.  How many people are there among you who keep Chhatka? Please write in the comment section and tell in the degree of difficulty that it is more difficult, how difficult it is, how many days it is kept for how many hours. Please write in the comment section which one it is.  So here now in the modern era, there are many who don't keep ladies, many like Ratna Pathak Shah is a celebrity, okay Nasruddin Shah's wife and an actress too, she is here.  In this era, you are keeping it like this, one is these people, one is these people and in its extreme one is this one extreme and the other extreme is that mother-in-law who forcefully wants her daughter-in-law to keep her as a mother for the long life of her son.  There is a message for such breaths that there is a fast of Hoi because I am the one who has seen all this, now I am wearing my Tika Lal Tika, I too am a person who does not know about worship and doing all these things. Your  The nearby option is to keep the fast of Hohi for your son, it is kept for the child, the same concept is the same as in Karva Chauth, the name of the husband is taken in Karva Chauth and the name of the children is taken in it, it is okay.  So, for your son and daughter, you keep whatever you want to keep, the mother-in-law whose daughters-in-law don't keep that is one second, these women here, those who are keeping women after doing extreme things, that too is crazy butch, this is one. What is your approach? Why should anyone keep it, but what happens is that people accept it, it is because people feel pressurized that many times these people humiliate them by saying that you are not keeping it i.e. you do not love your husband.  Is anyone a working lady or has come from such a culture? These days, a lot of intercaste marriages are taking place. If not inter religion then it is okay. Inter caste marriages are taking place. Inter region marriages are taking place. It is okay that brother Brahmins will also happen among Brahmins but  One is from our own Bengal and one is from Lately North India, so even if intercaste is not happening, the caste is same but if it is different, then different beliefs are celebrated in it too, it is done in a different way, so it is also for the controlling thing.  It is used, it is wrong, no, there is pressure on the new daughter-in-law, now she is cheating, the husband is cheating or he is acting like this, that is also not very good, she does not want to do the second one, she wants to keep the mother-in-law, that too, to control her.  the third one is wrong  Tell those who don't keep things like this, Hi, why don't you keep them, and one more thing, I am telling all the breaths, the mother is in loss, it is okay, otherwise, the breaths are the ones from the mother-in-law, as long as the song of love will come, it is okay, this mother-in-law is telling me.  I am a mother-in-law, sometimes I am a mother-in-law, so the mother-in-law, she has to see that if she is above 60, then she also has to see all the mother-in-laws that if she has reached her age, then she needs to show them.  No, don't keep most of the ladies.  Those who have crossed 60 are suffering from some element, some have BP issues, some may have heart issues, some may have something due to their daughter, so don't keep yours to show, you also relax and whatever is yours  She is the daughter-in-law, give him the choice that if you want to keep the son, then this is the procedure, this is how it is done and if you want to do it, then you do it, it is your wish, you will have to give this choice and women should repeatedly say that you are doing it for such a husband.  I am doing voluntary work till the evening, his expectation should not be great that I remained hungry for you because the husbands also have to tell the wives that brother, listen, this is how it is for the whole year, by reducing the troubles a little, not by keeping the fast and then in the next  Don't make it so materialistic whether it is day or night or what I got. If you fast today, you will get a saree in the evening. There is no need to keep a fast for the saree. The husband should give the saree to the wife anyway. Gifts should be given to him, there is no need to keep him hungry, do not take him towards this kind of practice because why is it generally catching on, why is it becoming popular that if something is done on this day, then on this day we should do like this.  Maybe we were hungry for you, now what have you done for us, he will call, what did brother-in-law give, okay, what did he give, father-in-law, what did father-in-law give, or whoever, by doing this, there is a pressure on men and  men don't understand this  Many many, what is this? DDLJ had popularized it quite a lot. There was a movie in 95, Ek Dil Wale Dhulia Le Jayenge, Raj and Simran are there in it, so I tell this openly, mostly like the Punjabi culture which is our own, we have a strong influence on it.  It is a good thing that they keep it as they are, but that is their own separate system and not in the rest of the culture. If this is being set then there is no need to set it forcefully. This is the message and the culture that is doing this has full basis for it.  Please, no one has the right to come and be judgmental, why do you do, how do you do, what do you do, you are not judgemental, but I also want to tell you that in the society, when anything becomes suffocating, a lot of people come against it and that too.  No, because if you have an idea of ​​the real purpose behind all our rituals and it is done with good intentions, then there is joy in life and if the original purpose is removed.  By removing the original intention that Fevicol creates a strong bond between husband and wife or something related to the other thing, then it gets diluted and then many rationalists come to question it.  Thinkers Feminist and Female Empowerment, then they get a chance because these actions are happening and then they are not given answers. Now those like us who  They are independent thinkers. They understand the things of both the parties. They understand this completely. They understand this also and they understand psychology very well. They are marital consultants. They also have an idea about the conflict. Mother-in-law also has an idea. Daughter-in-law also knows everything. They know everyone's game.  If it is not this video, then this video is worthy of being whipped, otherwise someone will say, who are you? Whom you keep, keep whomever you don't keep, don't keep. Why are you telling, then tell me that if your  In the family, force is being used in its name, it is wrong and forcefully, some section wants to degrade it, it is a matter of faith to follow someone's customs and traditions, it is right, but it is also wrong, some are cultural, it is dominant, not in many, in some, it is not.  He had a reason, he had a reason, like if I tell you a lot, a channel has been started by doing simple astrology, I forgot to tell that, it has been launched, you will get all the things in detail in it, their history.  You will get to know the background like why Ganesh Puja is done in Mumbai, why is it done in that region, why are people ready to do it in Delhi too, why else we will do it here also, why should not Ganesh be done in Delhi for everything.  Like Durga Puja happens in Bengal, it happens there within the culture of the people there, what is the reasoning of other people, no, we will do national integration, everything does not happen by doing it like this, it is not required, this pressure is not to be taken, every person has his own culture. Tradition is to hold on to our culture, otherwise we will get intercasted with each other, so there is some confusion as to what to do about it, but there are many things like this, what is the reasoning behind them, I will tell you that and Sango simple astrology.  It will be told more openly because there may be a lot of scientists and rational thinkers on this channel, even if the audience is more connected, we cannot tell them all the things, that is why there is a new shop, that is a new shop, there is a new dish in that.  Come beyond and you should also feel all those things and all these things will be explained well and extinguished. Celebrate Karva Chauth. Who ever wants to do it in the way you want to do it. Right now the festival season is happening but inside it like this.  It should not be that because why men do not keep it, why do women keep it for women, it is a rational question, if a man does not want his wife to live longer, then both of them should be kept because love is like this.  Only if it grows, they will take thinking and logic everywhere, yes friend, this also seems very logical, then many husbands also keep it, then it is shown in the movies, right, Raj has also kept it, Didi, do you know Raj has also kept it in the morning.  Oh my God how romantic you have put everything in this activity and then sing the song behind it, then those songs will come, then wear that saree, wear that kind of saree, then wear that too.  Now you have to get ready, then you need all those things to decorate the doll, then they are kept in the locker, then the locker never comes out, then the husband is supposed to get you something, brother, today is your first.  Today is the first Karva Chauth, then is it that simple and what is that word which starts with S? Our women who are experts in this will tell us, it is okay to do that too, you did not do it like this, not like this in the morning.  Got up and then had to do that one in the evening, then had to do it like this, where is this syllabus, many people are following this very undefined syllabus, I am trying to tell you, do it but understand what is the intention behind it, for what purpose it was made, yes  So please tell for what purpose it was made, there is no purpose in many cultures, people have to observe you, you must do Chhath, Chhath festival is more difficult, I would like to tell you today.  I promise that I am culturally developed. I will not have any hobby or interest in all these things. No, no, I am not developed. So, I am coming. All the women who work will have to take leave on that day. They also get jobs at many places, including state governments.  We don't get it at many places, but do husbands also get it? And if the husband gets stuck in a traffic jam and the moon rises late, then the wife's irritation level is increasing.  What you have to see is that if your Karva Chauth increases the irritation level, irritability increases, expectations from your husband increase that if you see I did it for you then you can take a call that this is not in your control and not in your mind, do whatever you feel.  Well, all the mothers in law and all the senior citizen women are requested to keep it on voluntary basis and for those women who do not keep their age, it is also good for the woman to increase the age of her husband.  You do not have to cause trouble to your husband in your life. No amount of rituals will help the husband. If you keep causing trouble in his life in the remaining 364 days, then if you have faith, love and heart, then definitely keep it, but from inside it should be like that I  I have kept it for myself, I have kept it for my husband, not for my husband, I have kept it for my husband, so it is for me, this should be the feeling that it is for me, by me, by my own volition, they say, maybe one in law.  The word is that it is of my own free will, this is for the sake of it, there is no need to put any undue pressure on the husbands that brother, he has come to know of someone, it is two brothers or one brother, one brother, one brother-in-law or someone like this has come at one time.  One took leave, the other did not take it, then that competition is fine inside the houses, one came and gave something, one did not give, one forgot, one was late, one's boss had saved his life because the time of Diwali is also coming when  This happens and before that  It's like Dussehra is over and this is the time. Whoever is in corporate or has his own private business, or it is the time to earn a lot of money, it is the time to work, then everyone's juices are flowing, especially the government employees because they have to work for the same for 365 days.  It happens that if elections come or any other such work comes, if any calamity comes, then we have to wait for another day, then the work which we are doing in private, is done at this time of the year.  I am very busy, okay, so ladies also have to see this aspect, do not take stress, it is not something extremely great thing done by the woman for the husband, do not think that this is not a very great thing happening, you  Those who are upset that their daughter-in-law did not keep it, they can also keep the fast of 'Hoi'. If there is any such armor then they can wear the armor on their children and son by keeping the fast for the son.  I may keep it or I may not keep it and there is no benefit in keeping it without a mind and even husbands whose women have become senior citizens or travel with any kind of medical condition should strictly restrict them.  You have to refuse, don't make a virtue of any sacrifice, don't have any sacrifice type feeling, by the evening women become like this, ' Brother, do n't even call me now, you can't even speak, especially that day'  Why is there so much stress, why is there no love, then showing love should be the last thing, it means that you have shown so much love that you have not eaten food from morning to evening, so if you have so much love then the rest is there.  If you want to see a little even in 364 days, then husbands have to take a call. Here you have to talk to your wife to see what is the intention behind you doing this. My mother is telling you and my sister is keeping.  This and your sister-in-law and sister-in-law are keeping it and this neighbor is keeping it or even if it is checked then the woman who does not keep the fast does not understand and coming is of little use, everyone is on the roof, the moon is not coming out, what has come out, what has come out?  What did it turn out to be? So do n't make it a business of shaming us for those women who don't keep it. It's okay not to put that pressure on you. You have kept it. It's okay it's not something extremely great. So there is no one to condemn.  It does n't make sense that this feminist comes or is it any other kind that why should she keep it like this brother, my husband is someone's woman, keep me not for one day but for 100 days, it is my wish, no one has the right to come and say this, this is not female empowerment.  It is fine here, rituals and traditions enter into everything, and everything is fine in it, the husband also goes and works 365 days, works in the morning and evening, earns money, earns for the family. He can't speak, husband came, I have a headache for my knees, he has to do the work, okay, but women have to do it as per their own wish, I am telling this again and again and they have to keep it Joy Joy at the end of it while eating food.  Everyone eats together, so there should be a joy in it. Now the biggest problem that arises is that who will cook the food, now should the food be ordered from outside, should the husband cook at home or should a maid cook, if the maid has not  If you have kept a fast then what to do if she is from your own community or has got someone from outside done it, then this is also a matter of discussion in the family, that is, the lady who is not eating food herself or drinking water, then from her hand.  Getting it done does n't seem right even on that day that you are not eating and we are having gym three times a day for breakfast, lunch and dinner, water and all. That is a bit sensitive. It is up to the man and woman to see how they should take this thing forward. want but its m  There is love and respect and respect. They say that people are worshiped on this day. However, if there is a round-the-clock type of worship, then the husband has the feeling of God. Okay, God is a little more, but yes, if a woman wants to give someone a feeling of respect.  It is considered a day, the remaining 364 days are of women, you have taken out one dinar for the man, for the husband, 'Come on brother, today is your day, today everyone will be worshipped, it is okay, come at 859 come to the terrace and your walk has gone quickly.  So please give it quickly and then we will leave. I hope you have understood which is my big message. There is no condemnation anywhere in any religion, any ritual, anything that is going on, we have to see this.  That we have to do it with what feeling we are doing it, we should not spoil our intentions in it, if it is within our means, then do it, else if it is not within our means, brother, we will try in some other way, okay, so do not have any high ground in it, which is not  keep a dozen  Meaning, that is a very high ground, they do very great work, if you don't keep it, then it has become great and those who keep you, keep them in faith, then again that also means you are following your calling, it is the inner calling, it is the key.  What is coming out from within you, what is your inner calling, then please do it and become free from it. The woman who does not want to keep me, say yes or no, just end it dozen, make you a lesser wife, a lesser person.  Friend, I don't do that and vice versa, I have kept it but then it has to come from inside for 364 days. Please share it, please subscribe to the channel, which is the kind of things where no one would want to create content, no one would want to go into that space. Because sometimes it seems like a beehive whether you are pro or anti, sometimes something can be said without being too pro and  Too much anti it, I call it giving clarity, so please, for those who are like this, a separate channel has been made, a collection of simple astrology, maybe I will also give it in the link in other wise, search youtube0 and astrology J Y O T I  Sh please type please subscribe, I am teaching very easily, once you learn everything, then you will get clarity and then religious practices in the name of religion in your life.  You will not be able to show narcissistic behavior in the name of religious rituals. This is also with you and it is necessary in our country. Sometimes the new generation does not want to understand anything and the old generation tells them that they know everything.  So you also learn, learn from the expert, learn from the one who knows why half of these tasks are done because the mother-in-law was also a daughter-in-law, she also has that type of guilt, there is such a big guilt that I  In my family, six people have kept it, five have kept it, all the women are gathering and then they are taking photos, they are not keeping it, they will not be able to wear the saree, even then you have not kept it, it is okay, so it becomes a ring.  Othering is a very great concept. It has become a very important word in the present times and is very private. There is a need for a lot of clarity on it. It is not happening, it happens in every way, only in families.  It happens that when someone's photo did not come, it means that he did not keep it, then some aunt was called an aunt. These days, family groups have become big. Okay, my job is to liberate the youth here, to give them clarity that they should not feel that they can come and learn.  Take some of these things and be very vocal about it and there is no need to panic, you should do it, do it when you are in the mood, now I see many people try to do this even during pregnancy.  This is very stupid, it would seem that I know that ladies do it under pressure, this was my first, second is mine, mine is like this, should I keep the third too, she has kept it, she keeps it in medical conditions, no, it is required, don't pressurize everyone, it is  To come from the person himself, every self, sorry, whatever should come from within him and there is a sense of respect, there is no such thing that we are like, hey, you have kept it, it is very good of you.  I have this desire from the heart, but then women above 60 years of age who forcefully want to keep it. No, I have been keeping it for 50 years or so many years. Brother, many times you say Udyapan, like Udyapan is the word, I understand, many times, many. Things should be done for you, yes, we have done a lot, now it is okay, you have proved yourself, you have proved yourself to your husband, you have proved it to the society, now a thought comes that yes, you are number one, now don't vote.  Keep it because now there is a fear of your health deteriorating, then you also have to look after the children whose mothers are taking care of their father and they are of advanced age, otherwise they are afraid of some other complications and come.  And that happens many times in families to show that see, I can keep it even at this age and you and many sons also see, yes my mother is keeping how many, my wife is not keeping me, alas, I have not been worshiped.  it would have happened once  Hi, I am not worth asking, my salary is too high, I am earning too much money, this one is not earning, this one starts having feelings for men, then this syllabus has become very complicated, this video makes it simple.  I had to say it simply through this message that I did not mean to hurt anyone's sentiments, nor did I do it, but in today's times, I have to give a little disclaimer again and again. I absolutely did not hurt anyone's sentiments.  Do n't hurt, I am promoting only that which is stagnation, enjoyment, coolness in the society, please do it, there is no condemnation, I have also taken the example of a woman who had said such a wrong thing about me, thank you very much, share it.