Hello friends, today let's take the relationship series forward. Today's topic is Sibling Ravelry between brothers and sisters, Ravelry between brothers and sisters and sisters. Today we will discuss this relationship, Be Rich Nothing called Haldi Regular. English people have heard this a lot.  This relationship between brothers and sisters and the review of brothers and sisters should be above degree. Where is nothing called ribari? Why does it happen? We will discuss about it and what are the disadvantages?  We will discuss about it, we should not discuss about it, we will discuss about its benefits, it is going to be very interesting, you must share it with your brother, sister, whoever has Shivling, let's start with these things, first of all, why does it cry? Parents are very responsible for setting up the initial frame work. Normally in parenting, this comes out from the young. Mothers and fathers also look at their brother, look at their elder brother, look at their younger one.  Looking at your sister, if you look at your younger sister, she is one, the feeling of relationship starts in childhood, there is a lot of love, we play together, we fight, that is a different gas paste, that is there but the attention and love of the parents in childhood. Alive, who gets more attention from the parents, who gets the love of the parents, even when the parents are children, people say that no, both hands are like both hands, set them like both eyes.  It's like having two hands, so that too  Right hand becomes left, it is okay, people are not equal like this, people say no, both cannot be equal, sometimes the desire to be equal has to be on another stress level, but what do parents usually do for normal, they love both the children.  But they see who is weak and they start knowing from childhood itself, parents come to know who is weak in studies, who is weak in playing and jumping, in such a way who is weak and so on.  There is a special syndrome of equality in the appearance of North Indian parents, now we will always equalize them, it should be equal in giving them means and resources, where does their life sit, after that you should not equalise, when you have to give things by weight, then it is okay.  You gave orange oil lamps, then you gave one kilo to this one, you also gave one kilo to this one, now one went and made his juice, kept it well and is drinking it, and the other one ruined his, dropped it, did not come to snatch it, he took some  If you have done this then don't take its juice and give it to him now, you have given the initial means, the rest is the role of his hard work and luck, this is a very big thing, the seeds of the seeds go here, then in the future, how does the recovery vote, that is of great interest.  Wala, how do you like the series that I am taking in this topic? Please tell me, Acid series, do you want this type of topic, Singh? Please tell me in a very personal cost pack way because when I tell you these things, my love.  Even in recognition, people get to know about my thought process, with baby being good, if not being good, then like is created, so let's move on to that. How does the story play out? When they get married, Shivling's spots go away.  If he is there, then he works as a ghee in the deposit setting in this rally. It is true that at how many levels will she suit the plane, at how many levels will she be in, she has different tractors, so marriage is formed on the basis that he becomes constant, your sister, your brother.  Check it, your parents have battered Bigg Boss, added it, how much influence do you take from him, in the relationship with your Shivling, he will depend on your relationship olive record, it is a very stupid thing to do sibling rivalry.  Both sims, cook it, create it, what is it that you have got your own brother, own brother, own sister, this is what you have got to compete among 800 crore people. Do it with Mukesh Ambani ji, if you want to do it in beauty, then in any case, do it with Katrina Kaif, or do it with Shahrukh Khan, if you want to do it in personality, any name, whatever you are insecure about, get distracted with your Shivling.  If you get jealous or get it done then do it with someone else in that acid, but we also do jewelery and compete with our own people and they have the highest number of wickets remaining with this Shivling.  One has a share, one has a shed share, it is also said that if one is born in the same house, one eats food at home, one does all the work in the house, then it has become like this, then it will remain like this on the other side, because normally there are only two children among the parents.  These days, mostly the parents do not do this like they are sending one child to a very good school, they are not sending the other to a good school, they have to pay for the quotation, the other co-owner parents do the same, okay, so the result is different.  -If different results are coming then  He puts a piece of jewelery and says that its luck is very good, then its hunger is such, its wife, how did its husband come, there is competition in that also, then the next competition comes, among the children, who has a boy, who has a girl, how many boys did he have and how many girls did he have?  Hui boy would still be considered an ad even today, which is very stupid, and I will never explain why it is stupid, okay boy, this is how the planets are set during this time, boy, during these hours, liability is the way things are.  If the going is fine then as if one Shivalinga will have two boys and one will be two girls, brother, this is very good Taurus, one has become a boy and the other one is a girl, it is absolutely equal, then the next thing will be how are mine in studies, how are these ones.  How are their people being taught, then it is us because we need a benchmark in life. If in the meantime, I feel lost as to how I am raising my children, I am adding 100 grams of bread to my good children.  If there are bad moments, then Neeraj should know the way, how are my brother's and my sister's speaking S. Long S. He is also studying like me, he is at level 19, so I am very very comfortable with this, when I talk about relatives and further.  If I cover relationships, I will tell about this in the end before blood, but with Shivling, we get to see this thing very clearly. We get to compete, after that comes wealth creation.  The story of how many wills you created in Shivling, how close you both may be, the way of living may be different, the world outlook may be different because yours was that she was 300 but you will be married to someone, I will marry him to someone now.  If you get married, it will not affect it, whether it is good or bad, then it will change the world, so normally, I have seen what is the result of this, when I do counseling and consultation, this is the Reena people who come to me.  So let me tell you one thing, a very good way to award it, whenever you do any competition or gallery or comparison with your Shivling, then never compare your waist with its waist. You understand my point, in the life of every person.  Something good might happen, something bad might happen in your life too, something good might happen, something bad might happen, maybe there are two girls, one girl is employed, one is not, then the married life of one girl is good and that of the other.  A little less, do the children of less well-off children bother you or do they bother you less? One who troubles you less, does a good job, is more troubled, but the one who troubles you more and does a good job, troubles you less. If he is not able to do the job, then Cardamom Journey.  Yes, please, yogi, you will keep moving like this on your own, but you have your best, you like to roam late, and your Shivlinga does not rotate, okay, if it does not rotate now, then because of roaming, it has got some benefits in life. his money will also be there  If you will survive or something else happens, then you are living your life very fully, he is living less according to you, then be happy about this, but tomorrow we will answer the comparison whether he or she was able to do something which you could not do.  So you have given the experience, then now you do not need to be worried about this and if you feel that I will be worried or will be, then brother, reduce your program, view account is the best of all the worlds, no kit also.  My heart is also my habit  It's father's, how come the work is not done, okay, so you are a small Shivling, there are four big Shivlings, look here, each one is a shadow part of the other, your parents will go away from life, there is no one to whom nectar has passed, all are not going to go, okay  If yes, then your original family will remain the same. The original family which knows your DNA since childhood and your memories from one year to 22, 23, 24 years till you get married for 25 years will remain the same.  Put it near him, who can never know your sports, he knows your Shivling, Shivling is also aware of every vein of yours, okay, that too is your love, that today I am seeing a lot of marriages breaking.  And you cannot give divorce to Shivling because there is a provision that the relationship cannot be broken. Only one husband and wife can break the relationship. The rest of the relationship cannot be broken, so when the relationship of Shivling cannot be broken then keep it and cherish it, it may not be yours.  have a husband If your wife leaves you, then how can you help her in a practical way, if Shivlinga is not doing well then how can you help her practically?  You should know that your Shivling is doing better than you. The understanding is fine. Soap and good means this is the definition. Well, no human being can do better than anyone else in everything. Life has never been made in such a way that your Shivling is more beautiful than you to look at, whether it is a husband or a wife. good meeting you  His job is better than yours, his children are also better than yours, his life is better than yours, Jhingalala, everything is good for you, everything is bad for you, it is not normal, and believe me, even if it happens, then today I am giving you all a very big astrological tip.  I will take the knowledge which is linked till now in the video and I will also tell it in the part pending newspaper. The stones are there, they are within one to two minutes, they look like they are born at the same time, just like the clothes.  What makes their journey different is that when they are born with an old balance, it is possible that you are born with a negative balance and he is born with a positive balance, so instead of getting jealous, learn something from him and give him your feelings. Those people who are positive to give negative impact, at this time Shivling and Shivling also play a role in which process, which Shivling is protecting more money and air, whether it is a boy or a girl, whoever will pass by it, husband or wife, they will be like this.  You will see that he will slide your Shivling because we have become very rich, we don't know what he will ask from the poor or we don't know what the parents will do in order to equalize, then this goes on, we are not talking Indian Hit Specific  Parents Need to Involve Themselves Parents also enjoy themselves very selfishly, there will be exams, it is giving them a couple feeling, this is how to start a relationship in every Indian family. Politics is played within the family, power play is played, let me tell you, it does n't happen at the national level or even at the international level, do you agree with this thing, do n't you? The series is seeming like a bit of fun, but not.  We will tell you the summary - do not compete with your brother or sister, he is your team, he is your blood and blood relation is very big, never do anything to him, you cannot help him, that is why because all of us  of In life, there is open talk on Twitter, even if it is not worth killing, but even just for a while, there should be emotion on the phone, there should be good emotion, listen to him because in our life, we are so far apart and running our own different agendas.  Different job, different city. Practically, we can't be there even if we want to. He had fallen ill, we can't do anything, that is, unless there is a big scandal, you ca n't help us in a big way. It's okay, but even during the day, we can always appear to talk.  For this Shivalinga  Should be the second person who speaks to after your spouse, but the place is different, I will tell you when I will report, that Siblings Pattinson 2% go to because children become small, okay then Shivling 22% whenever you are in need it  Needs of thinking and wherever you all subscribe. Whatever childhood is, it does not come again. Childhood memories. Look at childhood photographs sometimes. Is it okay?  How about you do something out of it, you shared it, you shared it, you did homework, you set a project alarm, or you lied to your parents, you have very good memories, everyone has them, okay, remember those memories, family relationships.  To improve, to show the mirror to the society, that is the time for the relationship series, and I am able to bring tears in my eyes, you all must write in the comment section, this time, you are investing in this series.  After birth it, this is my promise to you, I will keep bringing different relationships as well, how long will my relationships last, how much trouble will I have to go through, it will depend on the audience, it will depend on your reaction, please like, share and post these things on your family group.  India needs to discuss this also thank you very much