Hello friends, the topic is parenting and Shivlinga comes to me in very high concentration. I am seeing a trend in India right now that these Shivlinga of brothers and sisters are not being made for them and the parents who are in this.  They have churches, even small children, I am going to give you a tip, okay and I am also going to tell those whose brothers and sisters themselves came on the stage, what is its phenomenon, what is wrong in this, when you say consultation to many parents.  Yes, we have seen both of them as sour, we have been the same parents, now one child does this, the other child does this, we are you, you remember, this is where the problem is, I catch it if the child is exactly 10 months old.  If there is a gap of 12 months and 1 year, then on different things, wherever the gap is 2 years, 2 and a half years, 3 years, 4 years, 5 years, if there is more gap then parents are not, what are you talking about period?  So they are the same father and mother, I and my wife are the parents of my elder child and the younger one is different. We have to understand carefully that what you give at 30 may not be what you give at 35.  You are not at 40, you are the one at 40, you are not the one at 45, you are not at 45, you married one person in 2017 and are marrying another, now in 2023 it is 6 years old.  There is a difference and there is a difference between a boy and a girl. There is a difference in your economic condition in six years, there is a difference in your liability, there is a difference in other things, so actually you behave it is a very different thing. Parents are also changing all.  D time and whenever we say that we are small, let me give you an example: When you pick up a 6 month old child in your lap, even a 4 year old child sees me. Why are you not raising him, he is not that hungry as you were, he too was raised, he was loved equally and he was loved in such a way for 4 years that nothing could be shared with anyone because another child does not come.  The child will not understand on his own that you have to lift him, I am telling him under the example, he has to be lifted in one hand and the other one, it becomes a little heavy to lift the four-handed one, it takes force and he has to be lifted too, he also has to be filled, that is a. He has gone further, hasn't he?  Nothing has diminished for you in this, you will get additional love, now you have a brother from two people, there is also a third one, this is how you have to do it, you have always been there, what do we do when someone two years or three years older gets a Shivalinga?  It is said that you become very wise, I don't know how wise you become, I will make a video on this too someday. Kars of being elder sibling, this is also Kars for my Curs of a Good Boy, many people have liked it, it is okay if not that.  Well, you guys see, it is okay that the elder sibling and the younger one also have tantrums because the parents actually feel from inside that the truth is that as much love is given to the elder one, people are less care free for the younger one.  If it happens then the parents always remain in constant guilt or not, if we are not doing enough for it, then more is being given to it in the outer world, not that much is being given in the inner world. You are understanding that there is an inner world that it happens from within.  And one is from outside. Now the small children are children, they cannot understand this, they have not yet reached that much maturity, when their own elder children become smaller then perhaps they will understand what a chittha is and  What is small and the child who is small, he knows this thing constantly, he reaches there, he knows that there is something about you, the first child is sleeping, he is falling, his prime is coming, this is coming to the second one.  so many times second hand  If he has to reduce the second hand things of the elder one, then he also gets the feeling from inside that I will not take my new one or not, then his newnations remain, Newton of the younger one is always there, you must have also seen what is the end in the family. Many times parents also go on trips and think that if the elder one gets settled then we will take care of the younger one and inside, let me tell you one more thing, I am fine with one of them, we are going for consultation etc.  I mean, we were talking more about astrology, I will not make it about astrology because sometimes people become like this, they do n't understand things, but I will tell you an example. Okay parents, first of all there are two children, first there are three or four punches. In the old times, you know the periods, wishing from within that the king was worthless, if he stays with us, everyone will go out, become doctors, become engineers, it is wrong brother, the big one is set, you have got desires from the big one, the big one It has gone somewhere, it has become a set, in many cases the reverse also happens that if the bigger one is not working for some reason, then it becomes the smaller one, then it turns towards the bigger one, it is not going to make the smaller one, but on the parents' default setting, I  It has been seen that the child who is more of a sub-servant, like the one who marries in the community as per your wish, automatically starts looking a little lovable, and the child who is a little rebellious type, I have my mind set on the one who does well, so he is good in life.  success too Sometimes it is not necessary that it means there is no direct correlation. One who does not listen to the parents is the one who is successful. I know it is not such a thing. The opposite can also happen. It is okay but sometimes parents say what am I trying to say to the parents.  That parents are human beings, we call them like that, they should be given the status of God, according to me, parents should also be seen as human beings like parents, they should be seen as friends, okay, parents also have Pikachu.  It becomes dependent and brother speaks these sweet words in a day, whatever sweet words the parents need, what do they mean by sweet words, if you want a video, I will make it too, okay, you guys know what I have on YouTube.  The content is from my topic, it is not even searchable, he is not even thinking, leave alone creating that topic, it means even the viewers are not thinking, even the creators are not thinking, the same thoughts do not come in their views because in the search results.  If you people like the original content then please write sweet words of parents syndrome. Okay, what do they need in words and how many sweet words can they give to you and why do n't they give and why is it needed, it will be done okay so come here again.  It is the fault of the parents only if brothers and sisters do not become brothers and sisters do not become brothers and sisters do not become parents. Parents cannot run away from the responsibility of how they were sown, they are born in childhood and then it can be corrected.  You and father have the biggest role in this, where father goes away, then the story becomes difficult to recover because mother is batting from a position of fair, so I do not tell mother here that mother cannot do this. Father can solve the problem here, there are two brothers, one's daughter-in-law doesn't get along with him, so the one who doesn't get along with her, what is the fault of the boy, his wife doesn't get along with him, what to do, she doesn't want to become his wife.  So, he is your son, how can you give him away, it doesn't work out, it also doesn't become a matter of pain, so you have to see that both of you are absolutely equal, we give is equal, making equal is next impossible and this is what I am saying.  If you keep it inside me too, then it remains theirs, but when we 37 2018 This is what is happening inside the vaginas, it is property among brothers too, sisters are also among brothers, there is property inside sisters too, meaning someone then they say then  Money is only wasting money. Hey, it is not wasting money brother. Your lock of understanding about Mani, you are lock of communication skills and understanding Mani and discussing Mani, it is a de issue Mani, it is not a de issue. Well, money etc. is above relationship, I did not understand, idiot. Hey brother, everyone likes money. Even if there is a property worth ₹ 10 crores, you should get 55 crores. No, I  You took a lot of care of your parents, you were not there, you were missing, so brother, take 5:30, give 4:30 crores to me, have you taken care of more than one crore, hey, just to take care of that.  If someone has a monthly allowance of Rs 10-20 thousand, his expenses are worth Rs 2 lakh per year and no one has taken his tax for 10 years, fed him, provided him clothes, taken him to the hospital, how much treatment should he get? a man will go  Well, please tell me this, it was her news, it was in the street, let her also understand that she was living with a mother-in-law and used to tolerate her and put a price on her too, settle it at 6-4 crores.  Take two crores extra, I am taking the example of 10 crores, this can be very, you can do it in the High Court, you can make one crore, one crore, do that, you can't be so greedy, it means to take possession of the property, basically it is considered as someone's share, okay one  Brother is worthless, a sister is worthless. If the daughter is worthless, she stays away. Oh daughter, she is worthless and stays away. She never helps. Son, because this is not how the narratives have been made. Only the son will watch. If only the son watches, then everything will go. This link is to do that. If  Similarly, your relationship is so bad, sell your property, keep it in the bank, keep your own condition, then you can do true things about Indian periods, I want you to tell them, you are not doing. Anything you patch up Amantes de Siblings, in fact, they are making their bread by creating a gap in it, on such a big platform that on YouTube, even I get disturbed while speaking from them, because after saying some things, I cannot speak against them in India.  You cannot speak against the farmer, you cannot forget, but everyone is working silently, and I am speaking because I am not able to dream, I am a consultant for the people, different people.  I do this thing, I see this problem that parents are hurting their children for their own selfishness. Please write in the comment section. Is it okay? Otherwise, please write whether what I am talking about is happening or not. I am saying that anywhere, if they say something now, it is science, if you prove it then a man does not go into that zone, but you tell me this, will you or will you not have to go through this world again, after cutting it, you will come back again, okay, then I do n't know which vagina.  People  Don't do less like this friend, then for your greed, don't do it for your greed, you don't want to talk to me, you do n't want to understand, you give something to the one who will be good, then it is natural here, isn't it, to give something to the one who will be bad.  The role of a father comes, there is a difference between a father and a father, it is very easy to become a father, you do not have to do anything, everyone knows it, everyone knows it, there is no effort in becoming a father, it is okay, someone's father means father, the Supreme Father also says as  You will know the difference between father and father. You are leaving behind what you owe, you are in conflict, you are in conflict, what name have you earned, if you have earned some money, this person has earned whatever, your children are busy in court, there can be nothing more shameful than this. You tell me which one, then what values ​​did you give him? No, yes, his daughter-in-law is very simple, his daughter-in-law has made him greedy, his son-in-law has made him greedy, we have raised him very well, it was not like this, yes, it was not true that if you love, it should be done like this. baby you  Why don't you accept that your child is greedy or stupid or wrong or you are the one in the wrong? Why don't you accept that it is so easy to blame that we are the four who are the original family, we love each other very much, the children's marriage is ruined.  Further, they have spoiled what a good narrative it is, is n't it? Many people are living with it to make themselves good. Till date, if you have seen any daughter-in-law's mother-in-law and father-in-law spending twenty rupees, then tell this to any son-in-law till date.  If your mother-in-law and father-in-law see even a penny, then tell them whether they give it to their daughter or give it to their son, but they give the favor throughout their life as if they do n't know what will happen to them then if you give it away, then you will give it to yourself and then give it to someone else. You don't have the option and if you have the option then do the exercise but it seems that you should not do it like this and there is a lot of power politics in it. I will make another video on this, but today I will make one on part dynamics.  The phenomenon plays out and in this only the parents are guilty and no one else. It is very easy to blame the next generation. How did you treat your children in childhood and what do you remember about them? You feel that you had done something from your side. I did equal but you can't do equal because you are not on full time salary, not due to your economic condition, you were a big child then you were poor or something else may be the other way around, alist accepta if you can't  Rectify because of acceptance, 50% of the solution will be there, people don't even accept this thing openly, give it to your children, it looks more cute, its children look more cute, it has been accepted a lot, my heart is for it.  It's beating less for you, what should I do, friend, tell me the truth and it's beating more for him, tell the truth, I tell the truth, if the next person will feel bad, then let him.  Don't be interested in how he behaved and did it, either tell openly that brother, I am grandfather, whoever will serve me more, my love will give me feeling, will do good to me, make a chart list of yours and then give it.  You have no heart, you have already told that Tulsi gives tea in her old age, I like it, I will give it to you, tell me separately, there should be no fight between us, then you have told, then you have told that of Bigg Boss. home is  Big Boss wants this, Big Boss wants this, Big Boss has told now that, then that is participation and competition, one son is good, father, oh God, you do nothing and you tell us, father, I love all of you equally, but this is for everyone.  I have done a competition, so what will happen in it? Siblings will not think that to whom did one give more, it was because of love, say, love is equal but this one is a competition, it is a game, now you Like, we play games on birthdays, we play Tambola, we play passing parcels, what is that music thing, different games come, some win in it, some win, some don't cry in it, this was a game, you made the rules, you made it according to the rules.  Now according to the calculations, gifts worth Rs 10000 to Rs 10000 are given on the birthday. In real life, they can be worth Rs 10-20 lakh, so just tell me that and both of them are ready to give it to you. Give equal amount to both of them and give it to the other too. Don't give participation price to the one who didn't play the game at all. Friend consolation, divide some of the price now, don't leave it in rough distribution. Okay, only the one who comes on my birthday will get the return gift. True.  The thing is, brother, it's your birthday, you are elderly, if someone comes on your birthday, you will have to come to get the return gift, you are busy, so just sit, whoever came, the return gift depends on iPhone 40, father.  If Grandfather is rich then it is okay, then this should be you should be transparent, this is some part within yourself, do not keep playing dynamics and politics, this is the message, this is okay, I hope people will apply this video pragmatically, then they will get great peace in life. You people will get happiness. Okay, the new year has started. I think about doing something new. When we think that it is a new year, what new should we do, then it should be a new thing even at the thought level, otherwise it will be new.  What is yours, year after year will keep coming, life will go on, from morning to evening, you don't want to do something like this, you have to think at a new level, and those youngsters, send your father to watch the video, father, watch the video, I don't give importance to your age like this.  It hurts a lot, you are not worthy of expressing your feelings with Latin, because you gave me pain there, late date, increase communication, be spontaneous, I speak spontaneity, tell it as you say it.