Hello friends, the result of Signature Imperial Sector 8 is out. If you had applied and do not know the result, you can connect me on the WhatsApp number given below. You will know the result. Those who have passed, I will congratulate them. What to do? Top  The floor is gone, a little here is gone, a little is gone there, the home loan is on the waiting list, what is the procedure, now what to do next, so watch the video till the end, it is going to be a very short video anyway, so those who have passed, those Congratulations to the people who had applied and they don't even know that the result is out. If you want to know the result then you can write me the result on WhatsApp. You can give the result on the number given below, then I will give you the winner list of the result if your top  The floor has come out, please keep it with you, if anything has come out anywhere, don't think of surrendering, I am telling you this clearly, it is not going to be so affordable in the future, don't throw so many tantrums, I will be on the top floor first.  Have also made a video, there is no difference of 19, the one on the top floor will do better, according to Vaastu it is also better, solar panels will be installed above, it does not matter whether the house or the house should tell me that it will not work on the 12th floor, at least on the top floor. Electricity consumption will also have to be controlled for this reason. I told you that three to four percent extra is the maximum and that is not too much. I do not work out that much, so there is no need to worry so much about it. I salute the education and  There is no energy exchange, the quality of the roof is also different, solar panels will also be installed on top, it does not matter, those of you who want a loan, get ready to give 20% now, do not wait for some letter to come, then I will take action because then more. Whatever penalty run will start at 15 cents, it is also prepaid, all it is something like admission that you have to pay school college fees, you have to pay, meaning do not wait for it now, email will come, it will take time, that is you.  You can set up the loan process. Those who want a loan can do so on WhatsApp given below, it will help you in that. You will get the facility sitting at home, then WhatsApp the loan for those who have exhausted it and those who want 20% of the money.  You will also have to pay around Rs 5 lakh 65 thousand per middle, so that is around Rs 5.5 lakh, you also have to pay if you get the loan at 90%, then at 5 cents, if people had the status of their application, then at 5 cents off,  You will have to repay the country, the rest of the loan will be taken care of, it will be yours who are wait-listed, brothers and sisters, all the children among you, whatever big or small you are, stay for a month, don't be so hasty, now the money will be withdrawn that it will not be remembered so much. If your 1.25 lakh rupees remain for one more month then there is a charge of ₹ 500, then people will ask again and again, my weight distance is 80, mine is 2538 months, the one who has to come out, will come out thick.  If the list is not clear then it will be done. If it is not then take action. Every 5 days, three days, two days. Now when will that record come? The refund will come from the government. Some of your milk gets delivered sooner or later but someone else's.  It does not stop those who have made payment through credit card. I have heard that there was a slight delay and the payment was made through that. I have heard that because I did not apply through credit card, I did not like the experience but I have heard from people. proactive and  He did not come out alive, he will come soon, the procedure of wait-listed has also been changed twice, earlier they used to say that the builder will give it, now they say that you will write a mail to the builder, thank you, I am not a Vedist, the builder will pick it up and give it to the TCP department and then from there.  This is the latest I have heard that we will make money and keep changing at every two to three months, so there is a little lack in clarity, sugar is fine but this month ego test  So you are a very good thing, many congratulations, you have turned out to be a very good builder, no matter what the reason, no alum talks any more after the result is out, so I thought tell me about this also, do the handwriting and whoever is having more doubts,  Brother, now it's been four days, there will be six more days, my letter has not come even by mail, I did not know, please visit the builder's office, Google your address, go to the exit office, tell me, then I will tell you the result.  Two, this is a lethargy of people, if you go from one property in a year, then probably no one, Sarita said, is the average and this is an exaggeration and the newbies whose first property was to buy a car, you go home, you get the registration insurance policy here. So this is also a good thing that should be done with the builder that he should collect all the house numbers of whoever is sitting there so that next time he does not have to go again after calling and return from there. This is my builder, he will build it, this is his office.  This is this girl sitting at the reception in the waiting room, that boy is in charge and he is Rohit, this is Mohit, this is Amit, so everyone has different names, this recharge is ahead with everything and then you will be in the middle of them, that one is back.  So she goes, you live in Delhi, you live in Gurgaon, Sector-47 is torn, I have left, I do n't know what to do, still I went, so go and meet her, find time in a week, what is the problem, you will get allotment.  Letter Rock, ask how it will come and when it will come. You should start the loan process early because the loan is inevitable. The one who has to take it should know what is there in the loan. The documents required in the beginning will come within 10 days, but till 10 days, your work will be done. Your Aadhaar PAN will be activated, your decisions, account statement for 2 years, ITR form 6, that takes time, sages and saints, don't waste your time, otherwise Anas Ali fifteen.  There is a penalty of percentage, if many people also have to give their time, then the builder will react. How much percentage will the person pass? The one with 20% percentage, the other one under 131, there was good competition, it does not mean that yes, it was very easy, okay, so from which you are hearing.  Please bill notification with why some things in my videos will come out, if there is mental tension in it then you will know because it will be for half an hour, in half an hour there will be some such videos and some such videos.  There is no expense, press the bell on the right side, then all the best, all the best, all the best videos will be appointed at night. You can see that the youth is not well, so some such videos, no matter how much I press the notification, you will get  Some such things, okay, so those of you who are subscribers, who press the bell notification, get the benefit. Okay, knowledge is also relative for many years, which is known to everyone, so I must subscribe to you, so please do it for the sake of the Sangh.  If you subscribe for the notification then subscribe and subscribe is the first and if you do not press the notification then those videos are worth my money and some are such that only very old people will talk about children, so you can see me in the video.  If you do the notification in your mind, it will come like this and you will easily know that there will be enough time to watch, it is not that it will take 10 minutes to an hour, see your end internal in it. Thank you very much for President.  If it turns out or not, then more will still come, thank you.