Hello friends, today's topic is the significance of 36. If you are listening to me and after crossing 36 then verify and tell if you are reaching towards 36 or are about to reach then see that the wife is about to reach, the husband is about to reach which. Is also going to reach and those who are less than that will also benefit, so listen carefully to this powerful golden one is ahead 36 36 What happens in this ahead D moment of hit D moment 35 years should be completed  Gaya 36 has started, it will happen from then onwards and it will happen after 36 is completed, then 6 months ahead, you will get these changes. This is the time when D is ahead of Shani. This will be the time when you will remove the shadows of parents. These are the shadows of parents.  I am telling this thing more to the boys here because it is the girls who do not reduce because Saturn is with Karma, one day I will also tell you about the cycle of Karma, do the girls not reduce, do the girls work and earn money.  Committees are applicable for those who are housewives, but not applicable for those who are housewives. Housewives find it very big, one day I will explain to them too that what is less is not what is less, you understand that after 36, you get to live your life as per your wish.  To find out according to the calculations, before that, ask dad, ask dad, ask dad, ask mom, ask your dad, dad, a person does this, not you after that, but people do it as soon as possible.  That much butter is at least you hit 30 Start Coming out of the Shadows 36 When suddenly many people come who are not prepaid, they think that we have taken out from the sap of some tree, how should I take the decision, they are still confused. Because many people when I do consultation or talk, I incidentally learn Astro courses on If you want to join Astros where I talk about astrology and all these things very much.  As I understand in detail, you can take platinum membership of the channel and my Astroclass is held on Sunday at 10:00 am, so you will get the recording of two-three classes which will be on date courses and if you join the fresh classes then please do so.  Take this for those who find such interest, very good, 2 hours, I understand it well, okay, then at the age of 36, you should understand that there is something, okay, when you are going from 30.  So start finding out little by little, start applying your mind because at 36 you have to find out, maybe father starts telling you to understand or some such story gets played out, then the person will not be able to understand the sudden decision.  How to take it and for that, I also have a separate series for decision making. My mental model is there in the youth on clarity. A little knowledge from book also, a little knowledge from our Jason, this kind of knowledge will have to be taken because there is what in absolutely everything. Now my parents have made me believe that there is some zero error syndrome. Just by asking myself, I have never seen a boy below 36 years of age who can take care of the house without a father. The money is his ITM, the tax is ₹ 5 crores.  Can take three but I can't take it, I don't want to ask an elder, you shouldn't ask a parent, but date money is your life, it's your ultimate decision should be yours because Papa Bill style comment  Tel something like no-no friend then why don't you lay the plot when you can't take the plot because you don't have cash, they don't understand, it is worth that much, this one is taking this much, but I can take this much for 20-80.  I have only 10% of the dr payment, I need 50% cash to buy a plot, I don't have that, neither you nor I, nor the bank will give it. This is the whole chemistry of taking a loan from the bank. The registration is done as per the bank.  If he gives only 70%, then I cannot take it. People are not able to explain this thing to their father because he has not yet turned 36. This is what I am explaining to him, but even after turning 36, if you do not understand and are dependent.  If you live, then your life story is not going, this one is yours, as they say, this one is your marker, we are going in life, now 36 has come forward, now I am the mother of me, if I have not come on, then you are going you  get you going  Tu b linking aur jin jin ki 36 ki has been removed which is 38's 40's 45 50 which I am listening please recollect what think happened round 36 suppose your born in late from 1985 to 36 from 1985 if you do it then kitna aata hai 2021 aata  So 2021 is yours, so many of you, what happened around 21, look at all your  Calculate anyone's 82, 83, 84, whoever is 36 or 45, just recall date air around or till next year, 36 year old, what changed in bill release lot, anything changed please write in the comment area. thing so that other people also feel that yes man, this is something like Momo Jumbo, he did not go away by saying no, what is this, it was 36, this is a magical  There are two-three remaining edges, I will make a video on them, how did this one appear for free, the one I will tell next is 42 and the third match I will tell is 60, 36, one stage is 42, the second is lying, the third is 60, if you like the video of that 42 and 60  If you want then please participate openly in this, especially the life which has crossed 42 and has become 36, do that also because 42 would like to hear what is happening in 42.  So please, if you do, then please I will tell you after 36, I will tell another very very significant person in whose life, luck is not rising, he is crying, nothing is happening, everything of 36, whatever gets deducted from you, everything after that.  What is this, marriage is not happening, it is not happening, it will happen after 36, if it is not happening yet, then I am not getting a job, I am not getting settled, it will happen at 36, illiterate people, why am I telling you because people are very  Everyone goes 36, no one is young, is ahead, has prepared well for UPSC, has not passed 10 attempts, has not passed so many attempts, marriage, did not get a girl, did not get a boy, nothing has happened, life is 34 years old and is going on from there.  And you have given up then be happy 36 This D Guruji further told me to wait for two more years, after that the treatment will happen on its own, it is difficult if there is no one to tell them it's time because 36 like acid. Face test is far ahead, caste is there, I feel like this at 36 and have taken out some life, so where am I from? If not very little of your life has been made, still not getting a house due to any reason, relationship is not stable, age is not getting married.  Trouble is going on, there is no settlement in life, parents don't agree, do n't listen or there is too much control of periods, you can't do anything, I know there are many such relationships, so brother, wait till 36 today in 26.  This is creating a ruckus and 36 is going too far so first decision should be taken but now if you have reached 32-3- then remember it is only till 36, after that it will not have any effect on you, nothing has to be done.  Do it till you are 36 but try to understand that the mental bondage of parents is a bondage, father has enough of it and mother and father too, and God forbid we treat you like this, no no, give you tax from our property. I have to do my own thing, we will pay the taxes, we will take care of the property too, okay, do n't be so hero against the parents, I am Guruji, neither am I in the parents' team, nor am I in the children's team, nor in the mother's team, nor in the daughter-in-law's team. I am Varu Jyotish of Clarity, I am shining the light, I am shining the torch, this is what is happening in that person, at the age of 36, everyone has gone through Chhath, after that there is no relief in the skull, everyone comes to know everything, but you have seen him for 10 years.  The one who kept suffering when he could do something openly, then old age will be bad for you, I am giving this advice to the parents, he is 36, this is the correct gender because when the child is 36, you will have crossed 60, so when will I make him 60.  So I will link up with him because when a child is 36 years old, usually the father has already crossed 60, in 24 only those above 24 become fathers. Normally, it is normal.  I am telling the average, it is possible that out of 20-22, if someone becomes 22, then one half may be that. Women are also about to touch 60 or have already done so. When you are doing Chhattisgarh, that is why they are 36 and 60 also.  I will explain, okay, so do not keep your children terrorized and under control by this D message because at 36 they did not listen to you anyway, okay and if you give them too much wrong advice then it is for your own benefit. Advice for greed: If you have given advice as per your own, then debt karma bill come, you hunt you, this is what I am telling the parents. Now you will see that I have made some such videos which were not made earlier.  It was sitting in this knowledge, I used to tell it in the tree, it is okay, but now I am telling it here openly, but there is a lot more, learning to tell this, defending on the energy maturity of that audience, because what is there in the general media.  astrology and  By saying such things, I am saying that it is quite wrong, why have I written it, please prove it, I am telling you something further, listen to you as to how you want to learn the activity, then to hear the answer to learn it, whenever you look at astrology or anyone.  It goes to me, what is this answer to me, if you are curious, if you want to learn, then you will have to spend time, money and energy, then satisfy your curiosity. No one can prove to you in one line how it happens, but this is the problem, so that's why.  Those who have the velocity, who want to learn, want to understand, want to live their life easily, are spending time and money here and there, please take platinum membership of the channel. For some reason, many people are not able to get platinum, so I have asked you to do so.  Is it also made or many people do not want to give the knowledge of every monastery, they want to give one salvation, brother, there is one course, so take it, you have two choices, so I am always reaching out to you.  If you understand the answer, take it, it will be interesting, you will become a human being, energy will be gathered in the family, you get relaxed like this, if you understand a thing, then everything will be fine in your life in every way, and when you do not know this, this is the basic thing.  The thing is, I don't know what is happening, why is it happening, so you want to fix it, it will happen, wait for 36 years, wait till 34, I am late, it is done, now reduce the money, get more work, the rest is less.  It is okay to do it because everyone's train is about to leave, which I have to learn, there are some other changes too, 28 24, but what I will tell publicly is what I 36 have told, I want to tell in the next 42 and 60 comfortably here.  Well, please, whoever is interested, write in the 42 and 60 boxes that I want you no 4260, then some people will write, then it will look like yes, you people want, okay then you people want.  If yes then it will be a thank you very match