Hello friends, I will answer all the questions that are there on the flower of the word learning, Dimple Housing Sector 8 project. People prepare them long ago, I bring the report card after the first day, Prediction Ali and all your questions will also be answered.  Which one should be taken? Priority 324 will be the answer so that when someone is forced to forcefully exchange money, first of all we understand that Arzoo is a human being who has Haryana National Capital Territory.  And you will not have registered any kind of property in the residential colony in Chandigarh in your name, if you have then pretty pretty and if you have then do n't sign 3.22 and have been subscribed, this project is the first day today, 2010 questions have been done. When it was started at night, the first application number that I came to know was the serial number of around 5 and 60, if anyone has it before this.  You can put in the comment section if it was approximately then the figure of almost 2000 applications has been crossed. There are 1141 flights. 3BHK is of two types, both are 30 and 1BHK is Playstore, that is 295 and 1BHK is only 1BHK. 8 minutes to discuss them.  There is more benefit in doing so, the builder has useless units, you all know it, the location is very good, apply the type form. Don't waste your time because if total flight is 1141 and each type is 395 397 then if you put in Jha 319 513 1953 then you will put your priority for the application in the middle, you will keep the money stuck for 1 minute, don't tell me anything. I have repeatedly told you this at different times that there is nothing difficult in such popular projects as Priority for You guys.  It is not only difficult to catch the don but it is also impossible. Okay, so understand this thing. Now let's come to the types. Type One Type Two of Three BHK Type. As soon as you enter the phone, there is a kitchen on the left side which looks a little more like Type-2 anger. Okay.  It seems but in Type Phone, the master bedroom has come out to be very big. It has come out to be 12 4 inches * 10, so it is quite big. In affordable housing, the master bedroom is not that big. Size of the room in Type-2.  When you sleep, it depends on you and what do you give more importance to, which one do you like, the one which was type-2 in the morning and if the subscription was done earlier, then mostly the first one which reflects the trend, I bring the exit poll, I like it a bit.  Like, after that there is an exit poll, then something like that first day project, this and subscribe 2X, okay everyone is applying who can do P3, okay, join this on the blog.  The one that is good is the best one, whether it is 2BHK or 350, this is the difference, okay, if it is 3BHK, then 3BHK is 3BHK, so apply wherever you are, if you do not get here then we would not have applied, people keep asking me a lot.  Should I do it here? Yes, I should also do it. It is a job. Just like you have applied at one place and given an interview, there is one place to get employed through another medium. Suppose there is some loss in it too, it will cost you Rs 50,55 thousand, so it is ok.  I have increased my chances that if there is one like here then this one also seems to be oversubscribed like Which End 102 MRG 106 because the thing which has been subscribed on the first day itself, will be subscribed a lot in the future as well. There is support in the beginning.  If you are not able to fill the application in the next few days, then all the people who react on the first day are filled, after that, there is no support system. Although it is not rocket science, but yes, a little, those who were there earlier.  All that has to be done is that you all have to apply. Those who have children above 18 years of age and have PAN and Aadhaar leaves who drink ginger juice, you apply for it. The thing about car parking is that there is a provision for car parking. I made a video first.  I can also make the provision of rates etc. for car parking which I had made, although there will not be as many flights as there are, but later on, the ones which will be sold as per the policy will be sold, this is the provision of car parking.  Exit is a good builder, good location, this builder will also go on IPO route, so Brinjal is your Pataudi Highway, it is only 1 minute away from Dwarka Expressway, where it is of eight and it is having six laning, earlier Pataudi was facing problems.  Now it will be up to Rewari also, those people have to apply on the next day, please go ahead and here and at Red Flags at Wharton School, there is a question on anti-venom side.  There will be no paper check, that is, it will not be done even with the exam given, so it is not wasted time. 1BHK may be a little in Play Store because per maximum is going in it, but the unit is also 20 in it, so it is there, don't have any data on it.  10's Type One Two Three BHK Definitely Comment Subscribe Multiple Times Nine and E Three There is no chance of that, there is something else too, you guys want to live in the house Pretty ones, I will tell them  If I stay then you can WhatsApp me. I need a loan from someone. I have come first and will overtake then his quiz is slow for this this project is my mic closed construction horse minute is good location and a is not very affordable that fruit  They keep coming every month. One person says, oh they are saying, brother, there are not many, not very many, meaning if 72 have come now, then no more devotees will come, okay, that means 10-12-13 will come and then after that.  Deendayal's chances will be the same, Pathans leave in Deendayal also in the same size, you get very strong car parking in this, you take ₹ 50 to pass the BMW and often a little caustic soda is okay, so people also like it.  Whatever goods will be sold and the same will come and when it comes then they will praise it because this chain said that it was very important to the people here that how is it small, has it taken every day, is the festival very choosy, if I tell them that brother if  Yours is in a backward area of ​​Vidya Vihar, inside some forest. Such a thing is available in the backward areas of Jharkhand. If you will not get it of this size at this rate, then it is an Etah Innova Crysta vehicle. Its on road price is insurance registration sir product.  By selling the product, if you are getting a 3BHK in Gurgaon itself for less than that price and it is at a distance of 60 seconds from Dwarka Expressway and there are bad qualities in it too, if people are asking.  How is it, then stop completely and ask, it is always ok, then the day work loan will be 90%, I request those who have not applied, definitely do so, increase the competition a lot, the application should cross the figure of five to six thousand, okay and a  How much will it be, we will see who has just updated or who is doing the video, while if we see what happens to the applicative and WhatsApp number, that is the serial number, you can also see that this number has been crossed, okay number.  10 Ghumar Ok, Un Nabi Mera Wala Itna Mera Wala, like keeping an account in it, you will also get an idea of ​​where you are going, so everyone can note down the starting number, so that if it is happening to someone now, then you will know.  How many applications are there and who has the city's work like who gets how many votes, like exit poll, whose party will come, you can't do anything about it, but it feels good to know the details, so you should memorize the number 360.  That starting number was this and this one was the first one of the project. How much has been done till now, then you can add in that way. Thank you very much.