Hello friends, live in a small city or live in a big city. This video is going to be very interesting today for those who have to take the decision in their life whether they live in a small city or a big city. What is the thought process behind this? Is that 34 point report which should be taken into consideration in this decision? In this, what is actually happening at subconscious level and in the end I will give you a solution.  That if you have to take a decision on the pictures also, then I will take the best solution from my side, he will grease you on it or not, definitely write three points in the comment section, normally people say that not living in a big city means here a big city which  Along with India, the top cities are Delhi-NCR, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Pune, Hyderabad, Bengaluru. Cities of this level are being talked about here and I will take forward this argument by taking the example of Delhi NCR.  There is no pollution in Delhi-NCR. The question is, people have a region, so you people have to see whether there is pollution in Delhi-NCR, will it always be there today, will it always be like this for so many years, but if someone hypothetically says that if there is pollution or less  Even if it becomes very less, then how is it that it cannot happen? People will say that you have to see in which direction we are going. Here, the Prime Minister, the President, all the MPs, all the judges, the whole world, those who run India are not all those people. He also lives and breathes here, this award is fine, earlier he used to talk about the system in Punjab, people of Delhi used to complain, Kejriwal ji also used to say that Punjab was talked about on hair, now he has his government in Punjab also, it is fine.  So dear brothers and sisters here, we will be able to do better work on this. People of Delhi will be able to look at me as an example. Ok, Kundli-Manesar-Palwal has become like yours, your Eastern Free has become, all this development is happening and These electrical brothers are moving towards making the city jam-free. In Gurgaon, diesel ones and torches are shutting down. Electrical ones are coming. All these things start in big cities and small cities are seeing less garbage there today.  But it seems clear that they have to go through the same process and when you go there in fifty-sixty years, when you are there in 6570, you will feel the same things. Add here and then you cannot come to the big city. Once you leave the big city, right?  so that forever  Whether it is left again or not, you people have seen one thing that pollution is an issue no doubt but as they are sleeping addresses all over the world in big cities, so you have to see that baby in which month is it more 15 20  It happens the most day by day. Is there pollution today? What do they say? Check today and tell me how much is the difference. So you have to look at things. Secondly, they say that the place is filled with rain water.  I will climb on the mud and go in the open, I will go there with milk, small cities will be filled with water after five years because the problems of the cities which develop are being addressed here, the development of those things has happened rapidly here, the government is like you in addressing them, the government is behind you.  If your like is behind then that address is happening, one stage development of CIA will end like you see daily, now there is no copy, infrastructure is more queen's. What is happening because of too much development is that as soon as the likes coming from behind get covered, the valuation of the area and all the other things increases a lot. The second important thing is that jobs of kids are kids, kids are ours.  There are children, their jobs have to be in big cities only. If you go and settle in a small town, you will not be able to come there to help them. They are your daughters, so if they come into the family, their children are born to you.  If your grandchildren are being born Jyoti Jyoti, then you thieves from small houses will not be able to come out of small cities because all your children will be living in small houses, so it is always better data for you.  Now I have the solution, when I come, I will tell you. The third important thing is that big cities have their own vibrancy, brand and fun, which is not there in small cities because there is no pending power, all of them are yours.  Attracts all the retiree crowds. Such cities are becoming like a classic case from Panchkula Sector 21 Chandigarh. Life of Mohanlal Point Way and Up, Greater Noida is like that, all the people are going there. The thing to see you people is you.  For a big purchase, you cannot tell your relatives in a big city that we are holding the tail of pollution or anything else, so you have to do it, I will tell you this in the solution, it is like MP.  There are Members of Parliament, which is their status and then there is their state and then they keep one house in Delhi, the capital of India, in China and also in the state capital for doing politics and the third one is kept in Delhi, okay now we are normally so rich. Cannot be but the middle class can definitely keep it. You can keep it mostly, which is your small town, where your parents lived, that house too, that instead of buying another big house, a handsome pad and something to eat, this capsule hold in.  I am telling these North Indians in Delhi NCR because if you don't do it, then your children will do the job in Delhi. If I have to go and settle in Hisar, bus or Rohtak, then the next generation will have to stay away from Delhi and Gurgaon too. So the garbage and the main can also go that when you live 60 kilometers away or even 300 kilometers away, then there is support, otherwise then Devi also, now they will go anywhere, then yours.  If there will be no incentive then the people who are making decisions these days, the people who are coming to me and are still in net practice and whose children have grown up or who are feeling that they will settle down, I would like to see a lot of them. People are doing programs to go to their small cities like Dehradun, Rohtak, Hisar and say that our friend is fun, you will release when it's time you people to install it.  It is possible that the people you were relying on to stay with your children are themselves thinking of selling or buying the place. This is also a reverse thing happening that the people with whose support you are going leave you.  In 1562, do not take family decisions with the help of relatives and friends. Those relationships are not as important as blood relations and children's relations. Yes, if there are real sisters and brothers, then that too can be a consideration.  And if you are taking the decision according to your parents in this piece, if my parents are alive, then your parents may feel bad. If you have come within the fees, then your parents do not have much work left. And the second is that the girl child.  Even if there is, there will always be a requirement for doctors and medical facilities, which in big cities, you know, these facilities are very good. One of those apps is not the one which is bigger than childhood years, when you say that at that time.  That I myself have actually kept my mind very late, job in mind, decision-making, children, you just want to go in all this, open place, wicket, retention, labels, very high jump, if you are driving, then you are being accused, you are not feeling well.  The retention level depends on the city, the retention level is actually why you are wasting your life in earning money and this is the moment you have just wanted.  To Lord of People, Runaway Late Sixties and Ali 37 How much openness is needed? Does the time pass in your life become so complete that you don't see people at all or you have to remain a potato because a time comes when you feel free to spend time in late fees?  If you work or retire, how much will you travel within the age of 36, how much will you relax, how much time will you spend playing golf, pass the time like this, after that you feel very happy and that emptiness and that which  And that is a big city. There are many good ways to pay the invoice forward. Let me tell you as an example. Yesterday there were Shabari Festivals and Literature Festivals, comedy shows were taking place. Such activities will be more in big cities than in small ones. Now I will review some cities in small cities which have no presence in the cities and will tell you about them thoroughly and this is the aspect of decision-making, I will do it very well, so if you  Can't buy one and a half to two and a half to three crore rupees in a big city Forever Pimples and usually tow something and 1617 How are there options There are a lot of plateaus Understand uprooted Video not have Jugaad days Chances of coming back to the real voltage 084 To the next generation  To see you, he should keep the children in America, when I reach Pati, I feel very scared to go to Hisar, Fatehabad, Sirsa, I feel scared to go to Rohtak.  The person who has to travel such a long distance and thinks that he can reach home by car in fifteen-twenty minutes, I think that option should be there for many people. Otherwise, it is an option. According to me, within two to three years, I will be able to control it very quickly. Manufacturing, big trucks will not go through Delhi and you will not make a difference and women in activities happening sentence from Electrical, so send me your blessings for construction.  There will be a lot less construction space, because there is a limit, if there is no space left for the same video, there will not be much construction, long decisions are to be taken for 40-50 years, don't do it in such a short term, and tell me one more thing.  In the comment section, what will fit on the stubble? This time after the results of Punjab elections, what will fit on the stubble in Delhi and I want to make more in a video. Gurgaon property of the factor result of Punjab elections.  What will be the effect on price? If you want this video then please write Punjab Election Result Effect on Gurgaon. Do this and write something about Gurgaon property after Punjab Election. I will want to make that too if you guys find this topic interesting. Thank you very much, haven't subscribed to the channel? Please subscribe and share. Thank you very much.