Hello friends, today I will review or talk about a project whose name is Smart 129. People will say that now I am reviewing. I don't know when you came today. I am a normal e-chem. We must have seen the project on the public platform. I have also opened it.  Doesn't tell good or bad because normally nothing can be either good or bad only it can't be bad. Dubi someone in between and that still can't be explained through 5 to 10 minutes anyway dat this dam second price  There are historical things and there are different tributes in telling them. Okay, that's why I tell them in a different way, but I am going to explain this one very well. If you have bought Smart 129 then please watch it and if you have not bought then definitely.  You will see, if you did not buy because of a lot of learning, then I am going to tell you in her story, what were the learnings, what mistakes were made by the customers, what could have been done better, what were the issues and her story has become Priya, a lot of learning.  Of these, after watching four to five learning companion videos, it is not going to be very big but it is going to be interesting. If you have taken it then what you have to do will be told now and if you have not taken it then now you will know if more will come in this way. At the very least, if you will be able to fight with this project, then read smart seniors, the location is very good, it is as good as the people, if they don't release, then only release. What do people do today, what is the thing today, according to that, let's see where the road has gone.  on top of that bread is inside  They have gone here and there, but this two commercial buildings opposite to it are also said that tea will come in seven, eight and ten years, but it is fine and this is a connected touching thing, that is the second thing, the best thing in this is the payment plan.  It was very easy, the 399 plan was very easy, it was also the one with tawa ki patti and its price is very gratis, although the pricing was explained very very complicated.  Wait, take this, take this, you will get rental like this, you will get a lot of discussion when I talk to some people, what kind of things do you do, Sita, Sita, why don't you tell me simple speed, people enjoy it, they feel like I am taking it. I mean friends, we have to buy a payment bank, we have to buy a house, we have focused more on the house, those who are talking about the house, what are we getting in it, okay, very excellent layouts for the price points, the rice that is being made by Madhavan Construction, okay, normal.  There is no need to invest in low rise, I say something, low rise normally, your villas worth Rs. 10.8 crores are being built in many places, you have seen the One Dwarka Expressway, big planes are being built in your mind, that too they are good.  If you don't make it, then it is a very big thing. Secondly, after opening that five meter road at the back, Vaastu would have brought them that open at the front, open at the back, direction, doing like this, the house is open in two ways, you will have a lot of choice in it, the mistakes that the youth have made in this.  I tell you and that is their fault in the appointment. If someone explains it to them first then they don't do it. Today I am explaining it to you people so that you can get the projects in future, so I made a video of you, report in decision making. Hey, leave that too, you people are giving headache.  Did you know that he had run a lot of business? So, when allotment was being done, there used to be so much crowd that I do n't know, like Revdi button, it is not there in summers, what is the problem and they make it by adding milk type daily, what is that word called?  What is it that starts with MS, then write that in the comment section, then everyone would have been searching for it, they were drinking water, read such a book, there was a crowd, that strong clay man gets pressurized like that and I am telling you about running for the rights in it.  The customer who used to go there, now tell me, this one has given such money, now he has to take the final decision whether to do it or not, by typing it, it was kept in such a way that at some time he would not have been there in a very crowded temple, like a Pandit.  sincerely  They keep running, they come to have darshan and how do you sit and you keep forgetting that there was that feeling after selecting, then people felt cheated and witness came when I got promoters through this video, senior officials of June. In the marketing team, the sales team has to tell them one thing, this is a psychology, that is the meaning of Europe and there are many psychologists like this, marketing is very good salary, you people also sold the thing that your thing is also good.  Even a good product does not spoil the time, but this method is not right in India. A vital test is fine and it is my personal opinion in brand building. You people will say, 'Toofan hota hota batne wala to match india's number one clarity one playlist'  I am just for you people who will see who will suddenly come forward, so now we will weave it, so watch the video before Googling, don't waste time because you will find out that you went to Google because the rice is cooked, all are true. need to eat  No, I get to know every little thing in 5 minutes and I tell the management and sell it, they will get to know what I want to tell, I am a human being, he was a Jain human being, that when you make a product, your immune system is just a minister and you earn money too.  Even if a shirt has to be made, he will love wearing it. The brand's rally will increase a lot. That person was a little busy in decision-making. He needed a little hand-holding to make him understand that love is this good. Is that good?  Well, she didn't do it because I was also upset but that person happened to many people that in such cases, when 100 people came, the goods were also needed, but those whose decision-making was quick, many people took them two days in advance. Showed airiness and interest and took away the goods from the gentleman who was waiting for them. No, this has not happened. Brothers and sisters, write in the comment section that I am reviewing, is it airiness or have you guys experienced something like this?  That I am making something of my own free will Vikas What happened in these friend times This is the fault of the customers This thing was a mask product This is a very lucrative Lip Rajasthan and with payment plan So this blind buy price is very good And the treatment plant's notification Midland But people  What did he do, this one is that one, all of them are the same, the one that I put in a matchbox, they are all the same, they are all the same, they are open from two sides, they have four directions, North East, West South, so everything was fine according to Vastu.  If two sides of mine are opened then some call North as Kubera, South will have sunlight, there will be an option in it, if it is East and West, then it will be placed in the back, it will be in the front, in today's drawing room, there are two cameras at the back, okay, so one has to put some brain into it. John was not there, we were meeting him on the spot, we were getting along well and whenever you went, you would tell him why many people could not do it earlier because the people who took that site were the ones who did the preparation, then go for the exam only when someone gets some four marks.  got pages to read  That brother, this is your topic, come early in the morning and then there will be 13 tests, the address is being opened there itself, but if you had opened it two days earlier, then you will tell the drop seller that why did you kill our request, then the goods were sent, it is a hundred percent solar project, something. Cancellation unit comes Price in today for this is from zoom 8000 can say Rs.8000 per square feet plus GST on it plus position four things etc on it  Today's usage is approximately if you put it, then you can say obscene rupee unit, you can say Saif Ali, square feet all-inclusive rate is rs.85 today, whoever has to take it, but those who took it from all-inclusive late took 60, 657 people know.  In which the alien knows the rate of the motor because it used to vary a lot, now people know that you will not get the rent in it, you took this offer, now this has also been given and removed, everything was curd in the mind, then you are safe.  Ali can say that the price is around 25 cents, it has fallen to only 25 to 28, it does not mean that you can send resale message, if you go to buy then read the fry, it is not for selling, the gram flour has to be done now, I will tell you that.  You people have taken it, it is not something to be sold at the time of listing gain and position. If you have bought then you should hold on to it. You have a message from Madhavan, what is the result?  It is being built as a very lucrative place, the price point was very cheap and in the coming time, nothing will be built near Tilak like this point 167 11010 was with skits of 2.5 inches and bigger ones. In this segment you will find more  It will be expensive in the coming time, not 19 in this space, in 18 areas, if you say 19, then in 18 areas, MP3 in this area will be around 9 thousand rupees.  But square feet tall inches plus ₹ 2000 per square feet, you understand and to find out the rate as per your wish, there is a little IDC thing in it that you have to subscribe to Pelosi. Okay, so without PLC, if it fits for ₹ 9000, what market will do the job for it?  Will talk, okay, United will go to the builder. Friends, if the minute is queen, then there is no need to build 2000 houses. If it is 200 units at the builder's rate, then 100-125. Minutes pass and only a good rapper is satisfied because when he has a project, it takes two and a half to three years to deliver it, then on the first day he sells all his goods, if 120 out of 200 units are sold at a good rate according to him. Satisfied, others keep calling it expensive, it has nothing to do with it, only the price market, the bullish market has become yours, now let's come again, many people from this smart world, according to me, this is my lesson.  And if it starts further then it will be visible ok here mostly ICC Indore comment prime factors only stand that and living in couple after stop very family oriented in 2.5 hours I am not able to see it seems that style when tomorrow Shab is coming and  In the future and in the coming tax, a whole company will be taken in it, there will be eight rooms in it, there will be eight inquiries, there will be four offices in the basement, they will work there, there will be food parties and  Will keep, this is a business opportunity for my subscribers who have taken, you can manage such and such former. If you manage 10 such houses in one room, then you can make about ₹ 70 for the security and their food and drinks.  Car-wari maid, cleanliness, sir, is a model in itself, starting a startup, taking rent, not being tied to anyone, but giving profit, it is a very good model and those who have Many people I know have taken all four of them, it will be very easy to unite them, it will be very easy and that fun will be youngster there, the rentals will be good from the mall with equipment and see here because this  Is there any kind of product which can earn good money? Subscribe 2535 to this channel, they don't keep the play list in the normal premium side in the affordable house and if they do, then it will be on the roof above whatever is there, okay.  In the morning Maitpur will be his office's, he will be his own at home, there will be no one to take care of him, neither the cost of going anywhere, nor the cost of notice of arrival, nor the cost of commercial, nor the shop, nor sir, nothing, he has lost his rent of 25 thousand rupees, the rent is fine.  I am telling God's thread minimum, I am fine and if there is an extra cost of five to seven thousand for the basement, then whoever can buy it can look forward target about 3230 2018.  This is the minimum I am telling you, this is the minimum Begum, you can make it, whoever is listening, because the rate you have made is the same rate, you just tell everyone what I have told you and they will plug it right here, it comes to Rs 1 lakh. No one will consider it as yours and turn it off and you can earn time and money to eat, it is okay if you subscribe to any channel, you just Google it, whatever it is, you will extend it, next away even life, from many such startups.  There will be many more to come and that multiple 50500 is given to you guys like wash 1212, then directly take 50 60 and so on, we will take this Roli and the type from that company and its price, if you know yes, it doesn't even work.  A bus will be provided for him and till now he has a lot of ideas, Suddh and his opposite, whenever his dream comes, 4578 years, 10 years, whenever it comes, hundred percent will come.  From there it will become very famous. Just think about what all the fuss was about with DLF Phase-3, how much money Pankh would have earned and that destination was built and this is four times better than that. It is legal.  They are big, more than double in size, two and a half times bigger scientists, quality of living is good, car parking could have been more because youngsters are playing, car parking is a very big thing, which these people have done very well, because the caravan will fit two in the front and then two in the back.  After seeing these people, the work they are doing is going to break records. I went and saw, met people, talked to them and the contractor went to the force and saw that the work is going on very fast. The work is going on very fast.  There are some things in these games which they have to set right in their life which is my recommendation for smart people, not the company, the new ones are the boys, not the new ones, the management is new, the best wish is that good people should come and do good work in real estate, this is good. Father sector but in that, this is a bright Jyoti, in this matter, that girl from Delhi, Delhi people don't mind, Manna Dey, that kind of na and what is the world, that kind of work, News one of the very word but too much  Smart boy, 28 years, 307 meetings and this plan is made like this, it gets activated, okay, the wooden pot is not offered again and again, okay and the water fiber capacity is also tested, it means that your product is good. You don't want to see it either, if I have to do it like this then I have to do it everywhere, then if there is a new builder then it will be good to launch further projects, please add one more in the image, which according to me is an unsolicited device till the beginning.  So you take it that way, it's okay, but I am articulating it to someone on behalf of the public and I am telling it very strongly: Products, Good Price, Points, Got Everything, Everything is Gold, you have it, so explain it to me easily.  It is fine to have an army of 50,000 and many people know that there will be video patrolling because it is a big army and they do it there. It is fine. Edison's brand image is fine. Myself, my family has also taken it. I should not like this camera. So why am I okay with it, I mean, why do my relatives take it? Okay, so the products, goodbye and will earn money and mental too is becoming a good thing, very good, okay.  It is just a small thing as they say, if you people remove it then it will be very good, it is present in the market and will be even better. Those who are my subscribers, what do they do that it is not only difficult to understand the meaning of improve, it is also impossible like Don.  Anything with means once and the next time when you are a customer you are creating it in time. Well, one of the big things for the British is that when you have to buy the same thing, there is not much difference in it that  This one, this one, this one, there is not much difference when the train starts and whether the seats are filled, everything is equal in the bus, if that bus was lying empty at the stand, then it was getting bigger in my mind that the people at the back two would get stuck from there. Well, that too will come, time also changes and the thing which is open from one side will get sunlight, if it comes in the morning, it will not come there in the evening, the jhansa will come from somewhere at 10, if it is opened from two places then it is a used light thing. That  You wonder what happened to the rest of the writers with their arrival? Another big player in the market who makes such projects is lagging behind at a very, very slow pace. It means their speed is fast and his speed is slow.  So if this is the expected speed of the garland, then their speed is this and its speed is this, then this much difference is visible to the market, whatever is visible to the market, this difference will also be visible in the pricing in the coming times.  If the market is fine and it will also be reflected in the brand value, then congratulations to those who are doing good work. In August 23rd, I am sure that the position will be filled, work on which is going on, if you rate me, then maybe I will start teaching you in 2030 also.  Give because he has taken these plans like this and kept them on his forehead because he is giving all those accounts to the President and he should give them incentives very quickly and what is the way for me?  According to the related emotional that how much money will I give monthly from the builder and if I give first then I will not just give the money and if I don't give then I will give the money then something like that it's a very interesting Ravi of Doom Kuch aayi hai vaj builder lot of incentives 215 second my  If money is saved then I can do the work every day, the work is being done here, there is more work here even at night, all the lights and whites are on 21 and 22  This happened in 2011, 2025 contractors have been engaged, so the work is going on day and night, so they have incentives, so everyone has incentives in the system, because I have seen their number reduced when these people put out tenders etc. You wrote that if you want to work with us then Working hard is very happy, so I want to say this to the top management of this company and all through you only that when so many places are so good.  If you are showing passion then this is a little interface with the customer and give him a little batter which you will welcome such a great player and you will go ahead and also in the solution Godda blessings are also listed in the market in two three four yes  Okay, so only this one, you have to correct it a little, really, you have kept more rockets inside you, to go up and well-wishers, the demon funding also, I believe, keep the function very well and I love it very much.  Now I am not there, there is information on exam clear which is available in the domain in open space that the funding is Sarathi without the running beginning Mr. Suraj Limited Company, the company gives instructions only then the work is going on fast without it because then how will the work be done on ten percent and not with quality. I am fine so work is going well Everything is Gold This kind of review I will have to do other projects also which ever Bigg Boss Month 8 minutes Six months 12 months ago  These people had come out because they are not at home to tell because when a new thing comes, the sense element of telling about it increases. It is okay that the old one does not tell that a movie came out a year ago and does not talk about it.  Also, who else is benefiting now, as I told you, what is the meaning in this, right now huge amount of goods are sold, people are sitting there, but those who have bought it, do not sell it on the position, like this very very big device, please do not celebrate it. Message, hold, hold, real estate is not like that, there are 1520 people for trading. Okay, if you had invested ten lakhs, then subscribe to it, but then what do you do? Okay, then find that Bigg Boss again, this is gold, whichever way you will go.  With expensive mode, if you earn Rs 1600 then it will have to be like that if this thing becomes Rs 11 thousand, it is okay, if you ask according to the super area below then no.  No no no, if you make profit from it, it will increase, it will increase and it will also increase and it has taken everything but it can make you pass the time this time and can give you that you are earning money from your mind. These people are earning money from their mind, our money, this coat cycle is going on, in this cycle, wherever you are sitting, now keep sitting, it will automatically take you up like this, going here in it, coming out of here, you will go to the other one, there too, it will go up like this.  Is  11 It is not so and it will go like this and then if you keep changing it again and again then when the cycle plants and then goes a little downwards then you will lose out every time. This happens only with the retail because delay is always a big thing. Dark is roaming in the market, brother, take entry, take A grade, will get you entry fluid, will insert a bead, will get it inserted again, united entries, it's entry and exit which is our life.  I am fine, I do n't know when will be accepted from this world, but diet is this lineage, gotra, lift, that is it, both will be the entry of Dhariba, if I liked the thing, I got the chance to not be risky. Cheers Madhavan Sharman but this.  It will go from 1.25 to 2.5. No, the location is big and great, great, great, it will keep getting better. Then what is the problem, why should you sell again and again? The rental yield should be more than four percent of the first five percent.  You will get touching and new investments at 10 cents but you did not pay interest on it. If it is completed in 2 years then do your calculations. I don't know. I bought 2.5 VHP for Rs. 25,000. Furnace is priced at Rs. 67,000 for the basement at Rs. 3233.  If it becomes four lakhs, then the brother who took the total, let's say even 80 lakhs from the net, will have to pay all, let's say, he will also get five percent and the one who  If you take 70, it will be around 6, then rally of five to six percent, defer starting, you should not be a special soldier, thank you, it has been crossed, it will be ten percent in 10 years, it will double, it will be surrendered in 10 years, but every  If it increases by six percent or seven percent in a year, it doubles in 10 years. You started with five percent, but the monthly rental becomes ten percent in 10 years. It becomes ten percent in 20 years.  20 cents have been reached, now we will have to keep our eyes like this, but for those who are impatient, if they feel like going then do M camp and sit down, do n't sell it. If you put whatever faculty and pure judge have in it and have difficulty in understanding then  Please write in the comment section, write in detail, write well, I will organize it very well, okay?