Hello friends, I am thinking of a new thing, people are doing a lot of editions on Sona Road in Gurgaon, many people are a little worried, I made a video for them, the rest of the people will also get to learn that whenever someone starts, they should race it.  What is the method to practically forward this petition online petition on WhatsApp, tick it, give your name, day work in democracy, Samsung in real democracy and I will tell you what to do, first of all we will discuss, Hum Ishq Hai Sona  What is happening on the road Sona What is happening on the road Sona Not in Sona It is okay on the road As we go from Rajiv Chowk, it has been live one, okay one has already been built, the party one ahead of Vatika Chowk is being built now  What is happening is that all his stuff is open, it's something like food is being cooked in the kitchen, so it is spread out, I thought that food is being cooked for 40 people, it is fine in a kitchen for four people and there is uniform spread in it.  this vegetable is somewhere  It is cut in such a way that you love vegetables, you can understand that if you decide that you are overweight, then there is the one appointed in the era, now above, a very good one is being made, now let's come to the step 4 minutes away, that you people here feel cheated.  If you can tell these people what to do then do it rationally Subscribe Revolver Country It is necessary Its root problem The problem is that it is what it is There is encroachment on it That's why it is tight So this problem is encroachment You people faces  On top of that, the government has said that I will give you internet and you go to them and say that we have always given a memorandum that I will put an entry in it, now what else can we do, brother, you can do this, you can remove the encroachment. Because of which it is tight and in removing it, there is vote bank politics, no matter how smart and educated these big, educated people are, who are playing the British competition with the help of technology, what do they have to do, brother?  Sir, lower your level a bit, go to the local councilor of the grassroots leader, go to the MLA sir, your votes are more and those who are benefiting from encroachment, their votes are less, the only problem is that you do not vote.  Vote but at this reader level elections you do n't even know, okay when will Modi ji's reaction be in 2014, everyone should go to invest in it because brother, he has become so aware that he has to give that, but  Local political map has no value, you want it, now tell me, these are thousand votes, all the RW people, video park people, track park people, employees too, all the people go to you on the day that councilor who beats and breaks the vote.  To stop it and they are doing all this work because as I see from vote bank politics, if I break it, my hair will be broken, but if it gets water then it will break. The day he thinks that by breaking it, my hair will be broken.  I don't care because brother, this is a party with petitions, it will not be broken, it is a simple thing, only vote in democracy, remember the time whenever you are beautiful, whenever you go to a politician to get the work done, speak in numbers and clearly, brother.  This is 500 people, is n't it 63 thousand votes in each family, come to you Pratap straight that we have to give this and get work again straight politician Bittu happy that his motivation will come. This rarely happens in a democracy. You are saying, give us a higher place, don't write a tilak that we have put on our life, it is better to be a little higher now and give us a chance to stand higher because below us it will not break. Another thing.  What you can see spread, Sona people, Sona Road people, Sona Road office, you should be 60% patient in making that product, it will not fall in practice by fifteen percent, but by 12 to 14 cents, which is your big pillar, after that all the push.  If you go then the road will be fine but due to encroachment at many places, you should go ahead and take three lanes here 1963 Adeli that fire, many places even have four lanes, this is very funny, gold is gold, the road itself is four times wide, many three  It happens that not 2,000 rupees are left, there is no day left because it becomes narrow by doing this, this is the problem. Underpasses are being made in eight to nine months. This will be your flower in 3 months.  Once it is built, its encroachment will be removed, this will also make a lot of difference, the encroachment will be removed, it will make a lot of difference if the underpass is built, on many occasions, the biggest difference will be made by you, listen to it, it will be built on Dwarka Expressway, take as many covers as you want, fifty percent Dwarka Expressway.  It will go to Sohna Road at 40th St. The commercial property belongs to those who work in paper property. They have to go where Amrit Silai will be empty. Then there will be peace. Commerciality will reduce. Now we will grow it.  There is waist selection, hey, how did the commercial come on Sona Road, the commercial around the small had become so expensive, it is 1.25 dead so rupees per foot and here it was fitted at 30 40 50 at one time, 30 25 40, okay people here.  If you go from here to here then you will not have any problem with the next one. Now she feels cheated. People take more time to go to their own society and less time to go somewhere else.  It takes time and their rate is less, your rate is also ahead, energy was ₹ 2000, gold rate was ₹ 2228, that is 3000 4 6 7 8 9 10 12, okay, now here also the team is great, see, the sun has increased in the north, now you are the one.  Think that the Christmas party will continue or not and many of the Illuminati know how to use it and many times they go like this so that something else seems attractive. He is giving a hidden hand, you all are wise by living a lot, my subscribers, this is also that the kitchen should be better here, somewhere else something else would be better, which is the place from where you go flying away, lala lala o lala do  If we walk, all that happens. Hey brother, it is taking me 20 minutes to cover two kilometers. You will reach somewhere in tea in 16 minutes, 17 minutes. Should we go there? It is important to tell this story to the brothers and sisters for votes also.  There is a petition, according to me, no one listens. In democracy, one has to go for the exam. Okay, efforts have to be taken because by forwarding your WhatsApp, British Shankar. Yes, everyone is afraid these days that there is no WhatsApp in it, some guy from Mumbai has put his in it. Relatives, some from Chennai, some are residents of Real Sona, how will we know actually? There were a hundred-two hundred people standing in front of the councilor, there is a problem and you fix this and this thing is this one.  So remove this shop, it is bad, this bread is bought from here, so wherever dad is going to buy it, delete that dead line, the minimum should be 319 and as the pillar is built within 10-15 meters of the pillar.  There is 10-15 meters of such stuff lying with the mouth open like I told that it remains open in China. If it is lying open like this then it is taking up more space than that. Okay tell them too friend fix it quickly.  If the pillar has been formed, then why is it spreading down? Correct A. If two of my vegetables have been prepared, take out those vegetables and put them in a box and collect whatever cloth and whatever useless honor it has and in 10 minutes. Put it and clean the kitchen one thing, if you understand how it will be prepared for friends, then you should know the solution, don't go for the easy one because this special is going over the top, I would have liked it very much, it was not made for you, people of Sona Road.  Of  The reason is that you should become well established in your society from Rajiv Chowk, your 11-12 thousand rupees, it is time to increase it somewhere else, now if we talk about it like this, then I will blow the astrology torch, right?  No, I am not a problem- creator, I tell you what is happening and if you concentrate on it, then NHI, on the other hand, tell him that we put ours in it, you have put yours, yes, then all these scooters, rickshaws and auto rickshaws will all work on it.  There will be opposition to the action which was built, then they should cheat for those who want toll tax in the future, you want entries in it without paying toll tax, this is practical, it is justified, below is the roll, earlier the road was the same, fix it, you remove the encroachment where there is encroachment. Why don't you go and do that because giving memorandum and running this British invitation is a big activity. Yes, okay, 1942 Quit India Movement, whatever were Gandhiji's elements before that and which are today.  I have to tell you a little bit that you have to work hard, please make them aware that I have written the petition very well but there is logic in it, this one with logic and exit was logical but the problem is ancient, it has been rectified.  Cheer is encroachment and there are deadlines, it causes jams and now the contract is given to the person who is building the underpass below, this media has given him the personal chowk and in the morning so that he can do it in 7  It takes 8 minutes of time, just as in India it takes 10 minutes, so that is 13, they will have to go to the sun, but you think that all this is good and nothing goes from above and the place does not fall and I quickly plant plants where there are many.  It is not like that, money has to go through PEN and this is Japan. Okay, if you go to the school of PEN, then something will be better. Or put logical argument and physically photograph the fans. If you have used all the technology of yours, then people like that.  It may be that this shop is like this, that one is like this, do it like this, come to practicality, if you come to practicality, then people will know how many people are facing this problem, subscribe 16400 Chinese subscribe 10,000, this English speaking politician of ours and C vote bank politics subscribe it fan number number MLA election is not available with Rs 45 thousand auto, you know it is fine, it is fine  If there is any problem here or here and there, please subscribe for them and I ca n't subscribe, up and down, now we want in this, that is, above, we will make it a whole village of liquor shops, fake and real, then how did you feel about sharing or sharing back?  A little appointed, in front of the encroachment of Kashmir and them, get the tractor repaired, it is going on from today, it will continue, now you have nothing else to do down here, since both the sides should fix it immediately, then your  The road will become more visible on your own, your problem will be solved, okay thank you very much.