Solving Equation of Life will be a very deep and interesting topic. Hello friends, this is the first topic of the Happiness Course. A lot of queries have been coming for the Happiness Course. It is starting on Friday, 18th November. Now I will stop at the comment section and give the link in the description.  I am yours, you can go there and take the course, many people have told me the old one, hey, you are promoting this on your channel, hey, should I promote Kuku FM on my channel, should I promote myself a little?  If I get promoted then what is the problem, I have to do a little bit to reach out to you people, then they are saying that there are many happiness courses, are n't there people, you know about trading courses, you will become like this, you will become like that, those who are educated, you already know. Startups have become unicorns, it is okay whether they get a job or not, but they themselves have become a billion dollars. I am happy that many people in our country are trying to increase it, so under that it will be applicable for everyone.  For those above 18 years of age, whether you are employed or not, married or not, whether you are a woman, a man, an elderly, any choice, it is applicable for everyone, it can be viewed once by the entire family, who live together means one house.  If you live in a hostel, then the whole family will see it, it is applicable for everyone and its very nominal fee means that you can go and have a meal once, we are two people, we cannot manage in this much, at least a thousand times more money will be sent to you.  You can have the ability to earn, just watch the consultation, I will get so much knowledge, I am getting so many requests for consultation, do it for someone, do it for him, please do it, my consultation fee is like very high, I myself speak high, I myself do not say low. It is okay and I am saying that brother, learn what kind of magic I can do in 45-50 minutes. Okay, you learn from here. There will be seven classes, one class will be of two hours and it will be held on Friday.  8:00 PM Alternate Friday, Third and First Friday, which starts from 18th, will be the third and first Friday of the month. Okay, first time, do the third and the class will be of two hours. There will be question answers and every expectation will be touched. Someone will call.  If I have joined, then my happiness does not increase, then yes, you bank will become corrupt again, I am charging the poor so many crores of rupees, you check that link, click on it.  If you do, you will know the fee, meaning, if you go to watch the movie Thugs of Hindostan, you had asked Aamir Khan ji that you did not enjoy the food of the movie, then you go to eat the food, let me order the dish, tell me first, will it be fun, won't it, do you go to get your teeth removed, will it hurt a lot, won't it?  It will be fine. You go to the hospital to open the stomach, there is surgery in the hospital, it will be completely fine, there will be no pain. Hey friend, you go everywhere, neither is your lip fake, nor do you sit in the plane, you ask the captain. Oh, you will definitely have a landing smoothie, right? Broom comes, you have understood, I can't do it or it is not applicable in my life, then how will I do it? Happiness can be manufactured. Last time I told you about happiness in the video. Now I am telling you, happiness is like this, you can make it like tea.  Can we make it? Took milk, took water, poured it, poured sugar, sifted it and drank it, then someone gave basil, someone gave ginger, someone made the first tea, who did the cutting?  Make tea, someone made this, made that in the same way, happiness and you have to understand that as much as you have seen the message, it comes at the beginning, right in the top gana, it is a scene, it eats memory, to read them further back. Exploits from Legendary are ok then he goes after them then he says there is a timer of 4 minutes you will remember then he says otherwise he will kill you from the anime then he shows it by doing I am also of memory if you think this then I will do it Okay, a lot of marriages work for you, this is how it is, from good breakfast to bad lunch, everything will be fine, it doesn't depend on the situation, it's okay, job, children, troubles with everything, how come at night the old ads come to you, are n't those like him, are you happy? Want to be? Are you fed up with the likes? Han was really disappointed, then I got Sango ji's sutra, his happiness course and then I did that course, I mean, because of such testimonials, I am saying this course should be legendary.  Maybe you are getting a chance to join live because I have to do it once, I cannot study again and again for 14 hours, you know, okay why would anyone do this, the topics are very good topics, so 14 hours and seven classes, so one more time.  They will be recorded and then we will see the recording only, because Mussoorie will definitely be theirs, we will know because they will come like this, as if they were there, I was completely dejected, all my hair had fallen out, then I found this one.  coating and  I have put it on many years ago, I have left TV for many years, it's okay, but many years ago, when I used to watch it, these kind of ads would come on time after 11:00, if the English people spoke in Hindi, then they would look like that. When the testimonials are posted, you will then go to watch the recording, join live, you will get someone to ask, the energy of life is different, okay, so I hope you are in the mood, there is no need to connect me now, there is no need to connect me, you can use this link.  has given  Join here and whoever takes the happiness course, then WhatsApp him to me that Bhai Saheb is lost, you will get the link etc., you will get it on time, there is no need to worry and all the recordings will be available live, keep watching and Whatever knowledge you acquire, don't distribute it to people for free, only then will there be recovery. What did I say, I have a thousand times capacity, I am carrying the minimum of lifelong retirement, those among you will be talented and will be good.  And that issue is like there are many people who have been sitting for 55-60 years, no one listens to them, hey, no one listens to your talk, that's why maybe they want to listen, like, it is not worth listening to, the next one is not getting the taste, whether it will be beneficial later or not.  Yes, it comes to light later, taste should come later. You are understanding that there is any food, first of all its nutritional value will be seen later, you should enjoy eating it once, otherwise the man will not eat it. It should be fun, so definitely in your life.  It will happen, there will definitely be joy in life  Those who have a doubt whether our happiness will increase or not, then tell me how much guarantee that it will increase, we will have to pay as much as the course fee, it is okay, it has to be done everywhere, in the train when you are sleeping at night. You think that even the driver is not sleeping. Don't you think that if you sleep quietly, then this is not such a dangerous thing happening, this is a fun thing, an enjoyable thing is happening, stress-free. You will reveal a lot by doing this.  I will do a lot  The ancient Indian wisdom which has not been mentioned or heard by people till date, is missing so much, now if I do each topic one by one, it will be very long. If I make a topic of 14 hours of content then it can be a topic of half an hour, but  You will enjoy so much that it is guaranteed, first I told you that the topic is solving equations like that, it will remove 50% of the troubles of your life, there is only one topic because if you can solve the question and life is like that.  First make the equation, you must have seen that when there was 6 in 7th class, the whole game was to make questions. Okay, Rohit father, this is three times ahead and after 7 years only it will be this what is ahead of Rohit and father.  If we do it like this, then what do we do first in it? We do a question and you give it, it was simple, then our quadratic equation is a life question in the same way, I am a master artist.  Make life's equation before solving it because unless you know how to make it then how will you solve it? I will teach you that with this all the sorrows in your life will go away and there will be only joy in life and then you all will make 15 seconds testimonials. Yes, I am. I was very worried, I was very worried, then I attended the course and after doing the course, my perspective changed and I will do like this in my life, and then after seeing you people, after seeing you people, that recording person was also very good.  This is a guarantee that it will work but there is also a chance of going live, after 18th November comes, then I am not going to tell. It is okay that playing 8 at 8 pm on 18th November has a lot of power and strength. Big big things have happened at 8:00 pm. Last time is 8.  What happened at 8:00 o'clock, you are okay, writing at 8:00 in the evening is such a power, at 8:00 o'clock the number eight itself has a huge power, it is very strong, so at 8:00 only then it sucks.  It has been done ok, the fee is very reasonable and good, ok you will always get the recording so keep taking that knowledge again and again, keep taking notes, once you have taken the course, you will get the recording like long axis whenever you go, you will keep watching yours.  Keep making notes and with it you can also open your own lovely consultation shop. A small, cute photo is the maximum, okay, thank you.