Hello friends, today's topic is Kharkhoda, Maruti Plant and Gurgaon, I will link up all three. It is going to be very interesting. Please, you guys also participate and I will also tell you the problem which I have solved and helped me in solving it. There is a lot of popularity and money in it.  Yes, I am writing this from Gurgaon as well. I am a shareholder in my own company of Maruti. Some of you too. Shareholders, I have to ask something in advance, I have to tell you something, if you are interested, Maruti has the capability to defeat 15.5 lakh jobs. The Gurgaon plant which is in Sector-18 and the one in Manesar, both of them have the command of one art.  It is clear that there are 15 lakhs standing on the road, so I want to ask whether this life which is coming to life in Kharkhoda is coming apart from these 15 and a half lakhs or which one?  The factory in Sector-18 Gurgaon is being shifted because whenever you Google and you will see the interview of RC Bhargava Snake who has been the Chairman for many years, he has given shifting to gram flour also in Gurgaon, so is the government like this? Diya is mixing, it seems like a new plant is coming towards us or not, opportunitis is going or is it like that one is shifting, is there a compulsion, Puri? Not giving clarity about money, creative, clarity on everything above, even I have not got it yet, although I am trying to go towards complete security. Many of the audience also have Maruti employees. Please write in the comment section or whatever.  Also let's go to the thing that if the company is shifting then what is there in Gurgaon in 361 and what will happen with it and when is it coming and to Kharkhoda  I will do a review, that is the main topic, the note in Kharkhoda, the place is within 100 acres, there will be auto auxiliary units, Pooja Shiv of Manesar, this question of Hisar is also very important because the employees should not go, Sharad A, who is left behind in Gurgaon.  So the children of its schools are studying there, he will not go to Kharkhoda, so is this a new company, a new plant, what is this Maruti worth Rs 15 lakh to Rs 25 lakh 70 thousand standing there?  The only interesting topic of discussion is that Blind Eye plant has been built in Kharkhoda. Against quad core group, rates will increase. Everyone, this is a very worst thing. Please tell me in a simple way how many years have passed since the first Maruti car was launched in Kharkhoda plant.  The plan is that it will come out in 2 years, 3 years, 4 years, 5 years, 10 years. If the possibility has increased, then comment that the company is shifting, it is setting up a new plant, the esterification will become very thick, separate form.  Many different things are made separately by lights separately and by protecting you, which makes something else in the making of the vehicle and if you add the Maruti one, then their whole eco system is Manesar, so will they do all this inside the eco system by doing a job? You editors talk about asking you people to help me, there will be an effect of running for Kharkhoda plant and in this you will understand a little bit about jewelery also, you will understand the rest of the inactive places too and it is going to be interesting, so you have to see that.  We agreed  That a new company is building a new plant there, if everything is built from scratch, then the note which is being made inside shrinks, then you have got a rule that the company people can make their residential in about ten percent, then if number 1 hour  Maruti made something of its own in the plant there, then what benefit did the outsiders get? Well, in that area they made a plate, they made their own house and were eating and drinking in their purse and the lions.  t1 I made a note, then others are getting so excited, no, don't pour so much cold water on the pan, it is beneficial to create an accident job, it takes four to five minutes, the job is due, always talk about this, so if you are alive God  If we work then there are about 40 to 50 thousand more people, there will be uploads indirectly, they say different names like if it is ok then that eco system will be better, the question is whether I will live in Kharkhoda.  Or if we do it in a small place then we will not be able to do it like in Kharkhoda and there we have to keep in mind that if we are light people, residents of Kharkhoda or those who are special communities who play a big role in suffering and doing this kind of investment.  Please don't pick it up like this and go there because I have a plot of 100 yards, I will make rooms here and I will not get pranked, it will be local economy and local local show, all the same.  They take advantage of the system, wherever they shift in the industry, the local people are always taken advantage of, there is vote bank politics, that is, you go there and do not start a new AP, either you see, you get Rs. 500 crores. Party and you also take some big thing and make some milk plant, do something like this, then it is your habit, most welcome, it will come to you, but if you, my chords have got peace on you, 10 20  There is a program of 50 60 70 80 lakhs, you can go and accept it, nothing is going to happen if you go there to collect the rent and fare, what system will there be or will the rates increase, you do not know which one is raw and which one is the registry.  What is the speed and the time is useless, the problem of such a government has not reduced, why would I kill it, this situation will not work, the system will benefit, those who are local will benefit.  It will happen that the grocery shops will benefit those who are already established there. If their sales, whatever their turnover is, the local turnover is economic, it will increase. If the outsiders are so excited but will go away, then there will be no benefit for them.  The report of something like that is going to happen and vice versa, it is a matter of the world, there will be benefit in it, the recipe in it is small, the second one is present from the add, how much will it take for me to go there afresh, then there is this which  Are the people residents of the village or are there any relations, is there any connection, see, a good person, he did not support, okay, Tuesday will understand the ground reality that yes, the company will come, then it will happen here, I do something like this here for some time, understanding will be revalued side.  Stay connected with this Uninor Tagore People Wear Yes Price Limit for PM, I can go to Karma and change it in the school, the local person there knows what to do, but still my  It is very tight that many people would like to live in Kharkhoda because the people who are engineers and work in Maruti's plant here in Gurgaon and yes, they will be on leave the most, I feel that how much they would like to live there. This will be a topic of discussion for living in Kharkhoda. Advantage. I look at the sectors of Rohtak a little because the distance is less from there. Voltage is also a little, I look at Sector-7 of Sonipat. Depending on where the Employees above to A level are below due to diarrhea. He probably got settled somewhere in the campus. Inside is fine but the employees above him are bill want to shift words. Better education system which is the feeling of 19. If I do it at home then I will cry.  There is an advantage in wishing, technically it comes inside Sonipat but when a person lives there, he gets it as per the address and after seeing which Jogaad is near me, then all this  There will definitely be a contribution of people affect but no such benefit is being seen immediately that there is a smell towards gold rush all of you have called them outsiders ok the deficit in this is the question on the places that the company is shifting no and who will tell about it If the responsibility is shifting, then you are such a generation. [Music] It is okay within the subscribe and within the subscribe, but if nothing can be known yet, then try your best. I am desperate to take out the school pickup 30 blend brothers and sisters that your endowed land is 301 cut prime land in the middle of Old Delhi Road, in whose worship does Maruti company do this, will they take the middle, will it be edited in the transfer of this?  Leave 361 here, we can also like it, people, what is this, has the company done the transaction, this is also a question, the check has been dishonored, whether the company has issued it, but the company has just done several transactions. Like diyas, young women giving checks of two lakhs each to you people, subscribe that it has become so many thousand crores, so once this news was circulated on WhatsApp, subscribe, answering these questions definitely has some level of knowledge, up to my knowledge on this. Till the time it is not done, I try to make 10 videos like 12345 but till now there are not that many, so I call it crowd funding, I am doing it through crowd funding and knowledge.  I have the information that brother, you people are also so beautiful, many people are Mulayam and Azam, tell me about the interesting space of Maruti company, it is also interesting for Kharkhoda but it is always interesting for Gurgaon because if the vehicles are removed from there, then there will be mistakes and Delhi will become Gurgaon.  There is going to be a lot of search tax and a lot of game change on the road and that 361 becomes vacant and on top of that it is going to make a lot of difference to the economy. Gurgaon's and Haryana's Economic Policy is interesting, it is my request to all of you that please, it contains job information, the information is broken, we will try to print it dot and that, please write in the comment section, if you like, friends, then comment.  If you share some pictures with her, please participate in it. Share this video. I have given one of Good Morning District, so please share it. With maximum people and let's see what information and [music] subscribe my I will tell his fan information can be taken out from here so take it out thank you