Hello friends, we will review Sonipat real estate, there is a recent project, we will talk about Sonipat after taking complete information about it and making it the base. You all know Sonipat, the story that is being played out now is Proximity to North Delhi, there is a road there.  Sanction has been done, whoever you go to Chandigarh, you must have seen that the road will be covered initially, if you go beyond Karnal Bypass, then it is a scam, that road is like this, the revenue of the entire road is like this.  It is very good, it will become very smooth within a year, it has been passed, you can check it by Google, second thing, a story of Sonipat which is being played out is Ashok's University and AAP Jindal University, there is a lot of traction there.  This is the reason why builders have come. Right now there is a big builder on his project, so I will discuss the details of what happened in it, how it happened, where to lay the egg, but it is an education thing, people confuse it with horoscope. It is about Sonipat.  has been Kundli If you talk about Sonipat then you are talking about Dharuhera and Gurgaon. Do n't get confused. If you don't know then check it. Date story of Maruti has come in Kharkhoda. Now Kharkhoda is about 20-25 minutes from D area where it is.  All the builders are here, take half an hour, now Kharkhoda itself DOESN'T have an ecosystem of very Great schools, great system, the kind of system that the officers of the company have, they can live there, their children can live there, either their children will also live in Delhi Gurgaon, they will live alone, this is the situation, they will go up and down or they will elect Elite D.  The middle class officers in Maruti, for the working class, will make you a living thing within the plant of ₹ 900 and there may be a little follow up which will be 30 to 35000 rupees. Those who have a salary of less than Rs 40,000 will reduce their salary in Kharkhoda, which may affect them in Maruti. Maybe the benefit is the positive effect of Kharkhoda, the villagers there and the people of Kharkhoda will take it. There will be benefit in the ecosystem, but  The status level of employees who may be in thousands because there are many employees there, their status is not  40000 They are not going to stay there inside the campus because inside the campus facilities for young employees are not married 35 40 thousand hai bhai shift van shift tu shift teri wahi kam karna hai usse kind of person whose salary is above 789000  Will be 1 lakh, 1.5 lakh, ₹2 lakh will also be there, default settings are Sonipat for schools and DPS of all types.  Your institutions have medical facilities, there is a demand for them, I brought plots there, I discussed about them there, I came to Sonipat initially, its rate seemed to be very high and after doing the expression of interest, you got to know about it.  There is a system in which 361 plots have come within 48 acres, the 361 plots which have come now, they will come within their second phase, the initial 360 plots which have come in it. 600 people showed interest, 600 people took $600 and the current information is that the project is completely sold out and that was done within 500 people, if only the last ones were left then they were not even asked, within 500, 360 were sold out, 120.  120 people agreed, I want to tell those who agreed that you made a slight mistake, the reason for agreeing was that it was not for the people of Sonipat.  68000 is expensive, people of Sonipat are feeling ok, some plots are ok and even big plots are priced at 85000. If you can check by pressing the button, it is not that he did not hear but people who are local people have to go there many times.  They don't know what is happening because they are not aware of the stories that are happening recently or about themselves or their city because they have been watching for many years what is happening there and what is not happening now.  I am going to tell you the news in the latest, there is a very big player, another player from Gurgaon which is not listed, okay but it is a very big gem making machine, okay but it is a very big builder, you guys must have made some name gas, there is a plan to come in 4011.  There he has the dialogue of the player and if the player goes, then which is the dialogue of Salman Khan? If someone goes, then the heat comes, the heat comes, the heat comes, now you will get to hear many things, so whoever took it here, it is for them.  Will Turn out very well on launch of second phase these prices are minimum 30% more and they will be left up by 30% more also after 6 to 7 months they will be laptop and should second phase be 30% expensive also should be taken because  What will be 30% expensive? It will be 88000. Today I am telling you the rate. Please note this video. Note the rate.  There is a variation of Rs 88000 but if I talk about the base rate, in this case some discounts were also given, it was not 68, it was around 16, those who have taken it would know that it is around 66 points, I have read that it is all inclusive, 66 points, something else said.  Across the road there is another group which makes steel etc. their plots the end he was saying hey those plots are 58 59's He spent 67 rupees. Hey brother, this plot is small and those plots are big. Moreover, in the last 15 days there has been an increase of ₹ 7000 in both the rates. So what do people say, sometimes I will not buy it because it is cheap.  Take this one at a cheaper price, so I did not buy it. Now this one is a product. One gets to learn about this product that it is in great demand for the brand. Brand debt is not only true for real estate. It is also true.  For Your Domino's Pizza Your Pizza Hurts You Are PVR Cinema All These Things In big cities you will go, all these things are available on such corners but in small towns it is not that much, so there afcoast growth rate will be more it they are like what bade shares  But about 78 10 years ago, there is that much difference but there is a lot of appetite, so the way it has been grabbed is good even now which I have.  Whatever is the trend, there is data, the rough mathematics of 360 plots is that 50% of them have been taken by Sonipat people and 50% have been taken by investors. It is okay that in the next second launch, the number of investors will be less, so right now many people from Sonipat are taking it.  If you are not able to take it, you want to take it, then tell me. If you have taken it, then write in the comment section. You want to take it, you are not able to take it, you did not understand, whatever be your status, please tell me because there is one thing in it, every day.  The allotment started, let me tell you what happened two-four days before that, it was complete, it is very expensive, it is expensive, it is 95000 rupees, it was a complete breeze, it is very expensive, it is not worth it, it is not worth it, it is good, those Sonipat people who buy property in Sonipat. What about people so that they only want to eat laddus, which is okay, which is very good because outside investors never normally know about it, if you  By late tomorrow in Nagpur or Pune, if you want to invest anywhere in North India, you do n't have any idea, what will you do? That funny thing happened, when he heard about it, he called Delhi. Hey brother, let's reduce the loss of property in Sonipat.  Bhai Saheb, he is completely getting away with it. Oh no, there is no need. The person I am talking to has set up 10 plots for his clients. He is telling that he has also set up his own, but he is telling it to someone who is an outside investor. Jagga also checks, as everything should be done, but brother, you ask whom are you asking, now you are feeling that this is his guy, I am asking, this is what he is assuming, oh he is assuming that is why.  He is doing it because brother, he has to sell all his products there, you are not connected with him in the matter of buying from him anyway, he is operating at the local level with his own local clients, so what happened to the ghosts happened to the ghosts and why did they do it to one?  Called two, called one  You did not fill your stomach by doing this, cheated by doing it to three, now if the views come from two-three, then the interest given to you for seven months, he has accepted that brother, I will not take it today, it is good, now you people will say, hey, you are the first, I am the first.  The market gets shaken by making it, now I will tell you first, I will never make another video, I am not taking name in this also, many people will keep asking, brother, which project is this, which project is this, if you do not know, then you are off course. in tu de game you First of all, for the Latin members at dipper level who are not connected with me, what for the rest of the people who are connected with me, as soon as the opportunity comes, if you want to know about this kind of opportunity timely, then please type my  Two on the WhatsApp number given below, because in the city, because in Sonipat, you can buy a plot only, then all those brands are going, in a small town, there will be less fuss, no meaning, on any theme base, there are 2000 trees on the resort base.  The club house is gated, there is three tier security, trees will be planted in front of every house, such 9 meters are good, the sizes of the plots are also small, man lo is up to 180, if you look at them carefully, then their width is normally more than Hooda's plot.  If so, you can make a good two-room house side by side. Even in a small plot, a three BHK can be made a good one, because its shop is like this and now how is the demand coming? Now people have not relaxed one more thing which is In Sonipat, we live in a colony, not in a sector, and have been living in a very old colony for many years. Some are kutcha colonies, some are pucca colonies, as if they will be sold because when this thing is built, because in old houses, everyone has cars.  You must be aware of that old colony which was built now, whose streets are so wide, now there are 30 feet roads here, as if the builders are coming out, the smaller ones in it, in the old times, there were only 15-15 people.  It is 20-20 feet, which means it is not possible for two vehicles of half its size to pass there, if someone has done his parking and they cannot make stilts anywhere because brother, ground plus two, ground plus three have been made, but where 25 years, 30 years, 40  50 years ago, a house was built below, then it was built above, it was built on stilts, if there is not much support for breaking it, then that crowd will also shift a lot and the second phase will be launched in the future.  Would like to sell that one, this way the demand is coming now because when this is built, neither electric poles will be visible here nor any kind of stars will be visible here, this one will be built with a completely new system, if the entire green field of the system will be built then it will be  If the boundary wall will be completed, if the security will be completed, then people will start living like this in every city and like that, you have Jindal University, Ashok University, that story is playing out and I have written it in 400 rupees.  The player who spoke about Acre is a player and he is the biggest in India, he also has interest, so these people are also bringing interest because brother, the story now plotted will play out well in small towns.  Has got an acceptance, below that we are finding first in many cities, I will cover other cities also, I have to cover Rewari also, there is a lot of demand, I will cover that too, but Sonipat's story is good special for this right product.  And which is this kind of product, absolutely both of them are 66.7000, 66.7 I think I rate it D, I am not all inclusive, okay, some plots can be expensive, this is 63 and this is 66.7 and this 63 is cheap, hey brother.  The one with 67 is 66.7, his money is going away in one and a half year, so what will happen in one and a half year and the money will go slowly, his time.  Value of Mani is also there, so take this plot, it is for 1 month, it is good to pay all the money, now the small one, what will be played out here in the future, the MegaP of small cities, let me tell you one more thing, small one, about this separately also.  Maybe I will have to make a video because this has also become long, but I will leave it here by giving a hint that the ticket size is such that people cannot buy a plot because if they buy a plot of 160 yards in Hooda, the rate there is also 8590 in the sector.  I am telling you about sector 15, if there is some other sector 19, then the rate will be Rs 7075000. It is fine there, but I cannot buy a complete plot there. Now who am I talking about, who bought it here and built the floor?  Many times what happens is that 4 meters of cloth is not taken for ₹ 400 and a shirt is taken for ₹ 200. If it is made of one meter, then I am telling it as an example because money is not enough.  Need ₹ 200 more shirt, benefit, he also knows that I should make 4 shirts of four meter kharidun, this is how I should do this, benefit, he doesn't know, if there is no money, then how can he buy, then this is the advice to those people who have bought it yesterday.  It will remain for 1 year, do not sell it at all, do not even send it to the position, when it is the time of registry, then the tech may call, even then there is no need to sell and the date can be kept longer, this is also advice, many people like this.  Those who have entered after paying 20% -30% are thinking that it will be enough. Look at that, if the builder increases the rate by 30% i.e. by Rs 20000 per yard, then if the builder has increased the rate by Rs 20000 then by five-six times.  After a month, you will not get ₹ 20000 for free, you will get ₹ 10-12000 because your payment has gone too much and it has been 5-6 months. Payment plan: We will tell him some story in one and a half years, we will make his payment plan easy, when the rate increases, the builder can have a payment plan, he can do something like this in 2018, because if he increases the rate then what will be the benefit to you always?  The position is that everyone has to be on time, it is okay, almost have to be on time, according to RERA, you have been given one and a half years, so you have to stretch it further, the more you play, the more benefits you will get, date is this D message. Hope you guys understood the video and liked it. Please write in the comment section. What story should come in other cities too in small towns. Cover only those cities where the story is being played out. Just because it is your city, if nothing is happening there then  He came and said that nothing else is happening there Rahasen Sound good Now you tell me should I cover Narnaul What should I cover There are two sectors here, in one sector the rate is Rs 55000 together, so much delay is there and there  What should I cover? What story is the story of Mahendragarh? What should I tell you? Meaning, not only your city, but you want to keep taking it. Where something is happening, it is expected to happen at some place. Line means some activity because big builders going to a particular city is a  It indicates a big thing that their coming there, they do not come in isolation with their faces raised, they also know what is to happen, they have their own inventory, they have to come out at a different rate, which is the initial rate.  And  There is a lot of difference in the final rate that comes out because in the beginning it feels like accepting the market, this is the rate which is accepted in the market, I told you the result brother, 600 interest came, 361 plots are finished, not one plot is tight. So write in the comment section, no sir, there are still 50 plots, maybe channel 358 is 352 out of 361, then you tell me, it is okay, then it is a completely sold out project.  The project should be completely sold out in two or three days. This show's date, great amount means 361 plots, if you don't want to see this plot, it means a waste of around Rs 500 crores. This is a waste of around Rs 500 crores, if two in a small city. Or if it's sold in three days, it's what real estate is in this cycle you have, this is what's happening, what do you want, where are you, what are you seeing, that's what you're seeing in this sky and  I am showing this sky, this sky is visible, you are seeing changes in this, rain is about to come and there is good sunshine in this one, depending on the cash, the sky is different and you have to see where you are, you are seeing that sunshine.  If you are under the rain or what are you trying to see then the weather condition is like I am telling you the latest news of what is happening in the market, I am not telling you what you want to happen or what you are hearing.  In other cities, city specific is a big thing.  I would like to tell one word to my subscribers, there is money in the micro itself, there is money in the micro itself, don't be fooled that this is good, that is good or this is good, but this is the structure, brother, the battery of Switzerland will be less than that of India, most likely you will not.  You all must be aware of Switzerland, put Singapore, put Singapore, put Switzerland, it will be less good than them, but real estate grows here also because not all the people here can come to Switzerland.  It is so good, so good, then go ahead and do the purchasing and perusing. I will also explain it to you guys. Please, it takes a bit of time, but for those who were interested in Sonipat, I think I will decide it for the date, city and especially if  Date a player from gurgaon com mani making machine ok and get 400 acres because if you give then do n't know what will come in it, you know ok and then how are those stories and  Everything is explained to them and how big is their army, how big is the builder's own army, those who listen to things tell the story, call, WhatsApp message, this is the one, so the one who entered here first has the first more advantage because he is a late player.  Come late date player only decide, the price will automatically be the same because this is not even this product, it is from a bigger player, it is from a listed player, it is from a player with a company worth Rs 50,000 crore, it is approx.  Okay, ₹ 40 thousand crores, sorry, okay, even ₹ 50 thousand crores is a lot, okay, it is from such a big company, so this is it, this is it, and those who want to join for opportunities, you can WhatsApp by saying 'O' because whenever  Come tell you guys thank you very much