Hello friends, this teachers give this is a special video, parents also have to watch, there will be a talk about the education system, there will be a talk about teachers too, teachers, whoever is listening, male and female, they have to spread it, yours is an actual good video on the story.  If there is pain then the purpose of giving pain is so that we get a little pain, only that little thing changes in life, I am telling you on the day of giving teachers, great openness, great sensitivity, love, affection, everything.  By posting this I am telling you that I have received a lot of messages Happy teachers day by giving me also I just want you tell me first I am not a teacher I am very low in the society brother forcefully by remembering 5th September you are a teacher bank heart nothing you are fool proud these teachers  Give and you have no respect to listen, don't run away, please listen for teachers, please listen, associate professor above professor, professor above professor, real one, government one, private one. M Guruji and You Should Also and Difference Today, from the middle of this video, I want to tell the difference between teacher and Guru ji, Guru ji's de, ours, Guru Purnima de ji comes in July, defending on date, Guru Purnima hai, Teachers are teachers, every teacher is Guru.  No, every Guru is a teacher and this is the difference to be understood and which way to go. I would like to tell you that thing. Please stay connected and those who are not there also have to include something in it and that is the thing that you have to understand and education.  With this video, I can give ideas to the system, it can also be changed, education is dependent on big people, government will change why, how is tax power, who gives education, NCERT teacher is defined by its syllabus, if he is in 7th and 8th then he is a Mughal. If it is from History, then someone from Chemistry is sitting with the periodic table. If someone is sitting with Math, then he is from some class. He is the one from Math. He is nothing else. Guruji can teach anything.  Guruji, Guruji can also be Guru Ghantaal, Guruji can also be Guruji, you know where you are and how you are, Guruji, that is the risk, that is the risk, the reward is the ratio and all that, but this despite this, nobody wants you, nobody does.  I want you to be associated, my teacher said, Teachers do not respect today's teachers and which teachers do they respect? They give Aman Bhaiya. Who is Aman bhaiya and which of his sisters is it okay or is it the youngster from Physics who gives it and none of them have made a bed for a teacher? What is the biggest thing about a teacher? Teacher means bed is a bed. Yes, Master ji is the most among you.  Of you who are teachers, I go to that, most of you are master, dangerous Chauhan son, you have not earned money, Kamal, but you have earned a lot of respect, are you not in this John, you are ahead, I just need respect and teachers have a lot of respect.  Respect should be there, if it should be there, nothing happens in life. These days, respect is given to the one who is successful. Look at the teacher's face and his story also shows success. There are two types of teachers, one is male and the other is female.  By the way, it is said that this is the best profession, brother, the fees of a child will be waived off, you will get food, this is a school in a big city, there are so many and it is like this and brother, this is the best, not the most money in the morning, poor women in the afternoon. also of  In the future, we have to work hard even in the morning, everyone is working in different parts, we are not getting enough salary and nothing is happening. What is the biggest problem of teachers today? The biggest education system for teachers is that unless the situation of teachers changes, they cannot be teachers.  Is there trust by extracting some knowledge from the teacher service provider information and the children go there and there is a platform relief. Look at any system where there is a middleman system. Arms dollar property life insurance.  All 1% 2% 3% 4% 5% commission is trustee, that work is big money, teacher, nothing works, you are the hero of the movie, teacher is the hero of the movie, if knowledge is being taught, education is being taught, teacher.  Is it a hero or a heroine and does he get the least payment? Now see, the school fees have gone up, parents cannot raise them and the public has been robbed of the fees and the condition of the teachers is also bad. Why is this happening?  What else can we do? The video is for the benefit of you all. You must have warmed up a bit by now. One of your Geography teachers cannot explain this problem. I am telling you the problem as to why his subject should be taught. If a child in the class is standing and  One of the teachers of Geography is Sir, I am you, Madam, why should I study this subject of yours, what will happen to my son in life, General Knowledge is very important, General Knowledge is studied in UPSC and Geography is known as D in UPSC.  The most popular subject, do n't you know, IT people also do Geography, it has limited syllabus, its marks are better, hey madam, I don't want to go to this brother like this and I don't want to do a government job, why should I study your subject and why so much? Read this in Paris, after finding out in detail, how do I know when is my kharif season, this is all I need to know when the boys are sent to India and if I do not become a farmer and get the weather all the way, I would get it as soon as it arrives.  If it is there, then why is it not a vet, brother-in-law, we are not aware of this world, why do we leave it, why do we have to fart, tell us, unless you tell us how you earn money, there is no use of knowledge, you cannot change your life with knowledge.  You can do it immediately, you are sitting with this kind of knowledge because the education system is built like this, it is a simple thing, I am giving the second hand here, listen carefully, teachers can give recharge system, personality is divided after going to school. Well, really, after the second period, third period, fourth period, Tan Tan Ghanti, ate food for 10 minutes and then some more and then sitting in the bus, the children sitting in the bus talk so intelligently, coming and going in the school bus, you cannot think wherever you are.  Leave the children to them and when they are monitored, then what kind of interaction is taking place among themselves? Do people understand this is a big thing? The middle class has made school a big thing. This is what I am talking about in the field of education.  Teachers, please give this to me, it is very important to tell me that you all are enjoying, something is going well, tell me, as many teachers as teachers, who read on the board like this, Divya Kriti ji reads this, Ojha Utsav Eclipse  There is big money there, Amanhattarwal is a physics brand but in the middle he was his program because he was doing a lot of things in the digital space only to release the people who I became teachers to you.  You don't have to make Rs 10,000 crore, you can live a good life by enriching your Rs 100,200,300. Only that much is required for a student and then if you are ahead, you can do organic growth gradually by doing two-four associates. There is a blue ocean opportunity under this.  I myself am spreading awareness, many teachers are associated, they can take platinum membership and there I am listening for this thing, if you want this thing.  To understand that I have done it before also but I will do it again now, maybe it can be done on Saturday or it can be done on Friday, so any teacher who wants to add can write to the teacher on the number given below because now you have to  Now everyone will go to this, government teacher, yes, it is government teacher, we go to small villages and study, we do this anyway, that is, no one comes to study happily, that is, today in government schools, Patna is considered to have a poor mother.  -Father  If a child goes to eat a lot of mid-day meals, then how will the branding be done there, but now you have become that, now you cannot do it. If you are a government servant, then there is no use if you are a government servant. If you are a government servant, then you are a government teacher.  There is no use of teachers who have given their good, now many teachers will say yes, so why do I say this, the one I respect the most is the nursery teacher and the first class teacher.  The child makes the illiterate literate, the child puts the maximum effort in it and he is the biggest tree, that is, he does not know how to do apple on A, he does not know how to say bye on B, he does not even know how to write, there the teacher is starting from there but he has the maximum effort and  Get respect and rest together, after 8th, there is no problem, if you see yourself, if you are listening to my parents too, now friend, in the beginning, your child has to learn more, has to cry or there is patient test or 8th. in new  A well-mannered child has doubts about everything, if you read then he understands, he can follow the instructions, he is studying, he has a bank balance, what is the basic knowledge, did someone teach it to the first ones? I will tell you further.  You have a lot of money because the women who are coming now are the latest mothers who are coming here, it is not in the power of the rich families and money is coming in a lot in India. I will tell her that take a big step and learn how to become a mother in India.  Little  Money has come gradually. You must have seen the pattern that in the houses where money comes, the women of those houses ask for the broom and do the utensils and band it. First the broom is banded, it is okay to put it in the kitchen, later they did not ask, then it became the responsibility of the families.  Then the pot didn't happen, then something else happened and something else happened so now if you can be an associate in the big lions living for the big lions well then there are women out there who are willing to pay big money even to do their child's homework  This is the second story of Project A which  She is a woman, leave aside the spelling and meaning of the mode, she has grown up, she has grown up, she has grown up, she has become very eloquent, she has learned Hindi, she must be of a very poor level, she has not learned even a small level of Hindi, and if Hindi is compulsory then who will teach it, brothers and sisters?  Hindi teacher, Sanskrit teacher, you will also be expelled, everyone will be swallowed, there is no disappointment, this is what I am leaving after giving happy teachers, I am saying that yours is wonderful, isn't it, Happy Diwali Happy. Holi should seem happy and happiness, if you say it with your mouth then it doesn't happen. If you say it with your mouth, then happy is happy, then 6th will come, I want to take those teachers up here, 11th and 12th subject English can be done now.  If Hindi is happening, it is definitely not a Hindi teacher, so listen, if you ever have to pay tuition or earn money, the Hindi teacher remains the most frustrated because she has to meet him even in the parent-teacher meeting.  I don't even know about their pain. You think whether I am your friend or your enemy. First write down whatever the teachers are hearing. Write down the complete friend or enemy thing. I have spoken some harsh words but that.  You are also a teacher, you also say something to the children, you know, you can understand this much that from variety is coming, so whoever wants to join, you can WhatsApp me teacher, listen, something will be a plant, so you create your brand because when  If you make your brand your own, then you definitely don't need a school. Many people also study in coaching. Are you ever so bored in coaching? Do you know that they study in those things for money, so the money of coaching is useful, right? Do you send it to him directly?  You can reach out somehow, yes, this is also a thing, but till the stage of making you comfortable, you can reach out to 10 20 30 50 students and make it like a middle and a process.  Can collaborate, teacher can do with teacher and teachers can do something great by connecting with each other. English is a very good subject which will be made of cash, it will be made in Hindi because I have told that region. Okay, History Geography can also and  Should they do in the rest of the Math, they all are doing well in Maths, Science and all the subjects. If this teacher is fine then please give these Jain children respect.  Will give you only when he sees that you are wearing good clothes, traveling in good cars, making good calls to him and he has seen that today's child's friend is not like this and he is telling by seeing his status.  There is nothing in the category of people of Aman Dhatarwal who is on YouTube and made him so big by his education and all that, so much so that the celebration is not equal to that of a film star, they are not respecting so many children, do you understand?  What  Then it will all be about money for education, is n't knowledge nothing? Knowledge will be given by the Guru, only knowledge has to be given, so you can tax the money if it cannot work for you, then what are you going to give anyway, what are you going to learn, this system is in between.  The school can be bypassed, it can be gradually made irrelevant, this one who has made us crazy by charging so much fees, so much and that any parent has to go and speak because he feels that if I speak, I will declare him poor in my eyes.  I will become  I am telling the method to provide good education, good education and good school building to my child, especially the middle class problem. I am telling you that you can earn 10 crores just by joining.  They will not go, it is the luck and hard work of the bed who have entered into the system, they have become teachers, as it is said in Haryana, whoever is teaching and is a master is fine and that is in derogatory terms.  It is done and I am not proud of it, I want teachers, you also respect it. There is no respect for teachers in the society, which is our society. Let's accept it. These teachers are treated like sisters, ladies, hey, niece, look, wear a suit.  Look, look, the bus is hanging from some source, which one is that jeep, isn't it? In Haryana, if there is a caste in the village, it has been a lot of struggle, a lot of hard work, 30 kilometers.  They are teaching in villages of 40 Kms and 50 Kms. They are like this, they are looking like this in the sun, what are you doing madam, if you are an actual teacher, otherwise you do n't know anything, then it is better to hang around, but if you  How much work is there in that, people, tell me government job teacher 2017, so match is the answer, see, it is not the system like the one on YouTube, it is the system with beds, it is absolutely not getting respect for Master Dinanath Chauhan, this is the same.  So the problem is less, a human being can manage with respect, it is not the case that if I am getting scolded, 30 40 50 teachers' salary is in small lion's share, 10000 1500020, they have gone below the level of a labourer, which happy teacher can I give?  The teacher is paying less than the laborer and in a city like Gurgaon, if the mother takes a maid of Rs 35,000, then why? If you are proud, then we have kept the teachers in this condition, despite the education fee is not paid through the day in the school, this is the condition of government schools, we will privatize even the private schools, which are taking oil, even the government schools, which are taking oil, are the public.  If you sit and study 150 subjects with real knowledge, you should know a little bit about each subject, then the story is not less. I am asking people again and again for testing.  I want to say and are you also a teacher or till now, my subscribers and audience are relieved who have watched all the videos and those who are watching till now, I am bill ended, brother, you cannot improve your life by immediately implementing the knowledge or you cannot improve it by implementing the knowledge.  Money cannot be used immediately, it is useless, it will not come in future, it will not come, it is not necessary, Sign Tita, Sign Tita, Sign Tita, it will not be of practical utility in life, otherwise, something should be known.  No, if I do n't want to become a scientist or engineer, then hit the street, take the low number, I think, learning, probability, learning, cost, price, selling price, discount and profit loss questions, one plus, you are the power and compounding one, which is basic Neetu, coordinate geometry, that one, fear integration, this one.  Meaning, it sounds less like Math and more like English. After a stage, if you have studied too much in 12th or in doing some Math, then it is just something.  This is how it is, hey, it doesn't matter to a normal person, he is ready for Maths, he is not engaged, these are some other English alphabets, he is more interested in numbers, so you have to see that the bill is out of date tomorrow, you should not read it, education system is good.  It should be, hey, the education system has been improved by improving education. Will you do this now? What does it mean? Hey, there is nothing to do further. You have studied a lot. At least you will keep doing these practicals, then you will do less of those because most of the middle class people are  The big problem is that they want to keep handkerchiefs everywhere. You will get good marks. Son, once you get 12th, life is set. Son, you will get a good college. Live is set. Life is never set. Just want you to live only once.  The chain is set, that Haryanvi English cremation ground and cremation ground are settled there too, once it is found and you give it, then you don't know if it is found again. If I talk about Sanatan Dharma, then there too it is set and even after that.  Check that salvation is only by getting settled, so don't run in the trap of settling. Education is the system, don't settle. It's a dynamic world. Learn many things, learn very quickly and teachers. If only I could find so many young people as you have.  See you in the setting Discipline setting You give me a date Match time A child I bill change D life D the way they think And it's with a guarantee It's within you The power to change So tell me  Your open or box page number 38 OK read Neha you read Rohit Rohit you read hogi ghanti tan tan ok hai syllabus is over that friend came again and again that means Akbar Raja was like this, it was like that, again in Sevanti, again next year  Our next year, then our next year, what is this, make it interesting, do you know how Akbar's son was killed because it doesn't feel good, he was climbing from CDO with a book and fell and realized that he was Babar's son.  And Akbar's you were just that character, what happened to him, it is not a story, it is just a linking, you guys tell me some interesting thing, there is a power from which we can learn, now tell us that Akbar died due to dysentery, what is his learning. Azimo Shan Shahenshah Shahenshah's Shahenshah Jalaluddin and all of them were so great in medical times, they used to be proud of it, so they are in true good times, meaning learning of everything can be understood.  Shakti Ek Monday I taught through these examples, not only making it interesting, the teachers themselves look bored, they are also making all the children bored, sorry teachers, I am speaking like this during the day, but it is important, I am trying to make you aware, okay?  That's it brother, I am roaming around with teachers, whichever teacher has a little bit of him, he will fire a popular rocket and all these are also teachers, he is the one with physics, he is that teacher, he is Khan sir, teacher board.  But he is the teacher who is teaching but look at him, look at Avadh Ojha Aavat Ojha, if you make someone a king then you are making someone a king, young minds are with you and not your fans, you don't have devotion, you don't have a brand, you are waiting.  But on the fifth of September someone comes and says, 'Give me a happy teacher' and give me a flower, give me a pen, we thank you very much, this is what is the story, I hope you will spread this message to whoever you connect with.  If you want to do that webinar on all things then please WhatsApp me to teacher so date way I can help you make a brand.