Hello friends, this practice after child birth in Indian families, middle class families especially North Indian needs to stop, it must be happening in other places also, you write in the comment section whether it happens to you or not. Bringing unique topics which affect the society is the main objective of the channel. Many people are free from practical original videos. This video would never have been made and it is not you right now what is it after child birth. Immediately after three-four-five days, the lady who is discharged comes to her home, so the practice is that the relatives come to the house very soon, we have to see the baby, the baby is born, it is a doll, money has to be given, shagan has to be taken, photo is taken. No, now mom's relatives are coming, then dad's relatives are coming, then uncle ji, then uncle ji and theirs and now today they are coming. This is not good. No, it was like this before also, there was never any good thing.  Wasn't that lady needs to be isolated in a way that 40 days which is our Japa period or till two months, it is not to be done and even after that, she is not to pick up her child and give it in her lap like this, no very  If you like it, then you must have met someone good to do with it. Now that his hair has turned gray, he might not look that cute. You must have met someone's brother at some point. Don't end up being a new parent.  I am the Guruji himself is telling The cultured Guruji The astrologer with the old ideas I am sharing the knowledge with you Sahi And you can quote me yes on family groups Some times I am hated so and some times I am loved also but you can  Hate Me Love Me But You Can't Ignore Me So what I am saying is that baby will not go to everyone, it is okay to go to grandmother, if that grandmother is looking after him because of care. Need someone to give? Grandmother should not have any disease. Work should be proper and clean. It becomes very difficult to comment on hygiene levels. Grandfather's grandfather's grandmother's grandfather's grandmother's uncle's uncle's aunt's second uncle.  Threatening so and so, the public is roaming around with 150 diseases and that little baby has just arrived, someone will be caught, what is the benefit to you, brother, no, take his eyes off him, if he does n't get the attention, don't take your eyes off him. Don't allow it to be noticed. Do it quietly, separately. And here the role of the man comes important. The father, the husband of the woman who has given birth, the father of the child. Papa is supposed to not step into that.  The poor lady is lying down, mostly cesarean operations are not done, these days the poor lady cannot be moved, people have lined up, now I have seen people coming to the hospital, so many fools, she is coming to the hospital in four days.  The public should go to see the baby, what will you see in the baby, brother, look at the baby's photo, what is it like, what will you do, will you bless, there should be blessings, someone will come to give you a sip, you will feed the sip, you have prepared anything, you will do anything, brother, today.  One by one, one by one, one by one, one by one, one child at a time, with difficulty, the public, please keep this message safe and spread this video, because this is a huge area of ​​conflict here. Because these days the daughters-in-law are the new girls, they are very aware of this thing, the women do not even know about it, we had also given it to the old ones, nothing used to happen, oh nothing used to happen, the incidence mortality rate was also very high.  Yes, at your time, there were eight children. Once upon a time, there were eight. Six children, which one was that one? There was one after that too. I have heard this from my grandmother myself. This poor girl has trauma, but I also remember it. There should not be even a count, brother, that poor girl is doing one right now. And the mother has the maximum right on the child and then the father, the girl who is the father of the child has to support him, he has to be available, and the husbands are getting as much as they are.  Right, Papa ji is becoming new, brother, you have to take 15 days leave when you have a child, those 15 days are very cruel in the beginning, that lady, that wife who has become a mother, no no. She is shaken by this and the girls of today who become mothers, give special treatment to those who become mothers, if you want to have a second child or to keep having children in the society, you cannot treat them like that in the old times.  That brother, the daughter-in-law of so-and-so had gone to her field on the same day and a child was born in it, brother, it happened like this, brother, that mother-in-law is not like this, now India has become a little modern, developed and intelligent.  Let's call out this nonsense as a society doesn't visit what should be done instead I also tell you the solution, you have to see the baby from a distance on video call, see that lady, within 15 20 25 days she has regained consciousness half the time. Mails.  I don't know what it feels like to be in a relationship, she has to breastfeed him, he has to breastfeed her, it's not a good truth, I don't know where all this comes from, it's the old culture of the old culture.  I know Agriculture Culture Vedanta 100 thousand years ago, no one could even see the face of the father-in-law of culture, this was the culture, now the culture is visible, this generation is being exploited in the name of old culture as much as it is, brothers and sisters.  Nothing is being done, I don't know the culture, if you want to hear it, then listen to it from me, then follow everything, who lived where, how did they live, who used to meet anyone, there is no previs of that lady.  A man will also come, there is no control, today those relatives are coming, today they are coming, everyone wants to see why brother, the face is visible, the new daughter-in-law has come, the new daughter-in-law also has a craze, so how can we stop her now, but children.  For Baby The Mother Has to Tell the Husband This Video Has to Be Shared All People Who Are Expecting Now or Who Have Small Babies You Have to Spread This to Your Family and That  The husband, the father of the child, has to take a call and that father has to tell his mother and father, is it okay for them to break their kinship or is it that brother, wait, wait, wait, we will do it, we will see, there is no need for everyone to come.  Everyone's hygiene level, immunization level and these levels cannot be checked and the child is always vulnerable and for what reason do this? Everyone is ready to pick up the little baby and put it on his/her face, everyone is ready to kiss him, everyone is ready to do anything beyond that, the child is a matter for the child and I say that something happens, doesn't it, if the lady who gave birth to the child is her own?  What has been done is that after keeping him in the stomach for nine months, he is getting anxiety, so the society has to remove his anxiety. No, nothing happens, nothing happens, first of all, something happens, diseases also happen, all the things happen, everything happens.  If there are issues then they  No, we don't want to keep it like this, why do we have to play power politics? The whole meaning of Kati Pati comes out like Bhasmasur. If you have seen cesarean, it is complete with so many stitches. I mean, the first operation is the only operation in Indian society, after which your sweets increase.  A small surgery is done, people are so sad in that one with six stitches, oh no, the surgery has been done, the whole stomach has come here to meet me, I use the word like Bhasmasur, it is such a great job, complete cesarean.  They do, although there is an issue on that too, I will tell you sometime. In this matter, even children are not being born. People are not going towards natural deliveries. The season is too long and there are so many stitches that the lady is not able to get up but she has to be fed milk.  He has to take care of the child as well, okay, he has to take care of himself too and there is so much crowd in it, his irritation levels become so high that you cannot imagine and which I am addressing again and again at the cost of repetition.  I will use the word idiots only, those are 28, 30, 32, 35 year old idiots who have never understood anything. Mom said something and the elder lady used to say that you have to obey your wife's words, you have to try to have as many less people at that time, take 15 days leave yourself.  Have to take and be available, need water, do you have a baby, yes, I am a lot of ladies, you used to distance me like this, you don't know anything when God is above.  The father creates, all the instincts come, nothing will happen before that, he has already eaten, what does Rohit know, Neha, you see, Rohit has become a father, even Neha did not know anything, she has become a mother and this is Chhotu baby.  It changes a person overnight, I talk about uniting the society but there are so many wrong things going on in the society that no one has the courage to call out because I can come across with white hair and experience.  off  Everything and every age is Guruji's doing and I can still get away from saying these things, I know that youngsters will not be there and I know that even older people sometimes get irritated that I don't know which relationship and what, brother could not refuse directly.  -You have to refuse directly and now you have to refuse by sending this video, no need to come, you will be shown on video call, if you want to give shagan then UPI is made for that, do it remotely like they are available in many places.  There are temples where people go from far away and do not come like this, they are kept at a distance, neither when we are ours, because in a way, that child is a god divine, bringing everyone's energy to him is not a good thing, it is really a very crude work there.  And it's not about the child, it's about the mother, she is also vulnerable for infection and other things, how did you like the video, enjoyed it, very good  People write to me in the video, I wish this video had come earlier. Listen, I wish this video had come earlier. If you have children, then what about you in the society? He is not a responsibility. It cannot be appreciated and shared right now. Do you have any younger sister, younger sister-in-law, younger?  There is no one, you don't have any friends who will go through this now and it will get better, there is no one in your family and I want to address all the in-laws through this video, it is your responsibility to help. Light the lamp of your house, today girls are not giving birth to children. If a girl gives birth to a child, her mother-in-law should perform aarti for her and in the middle class, she should be given a gift of at least five tolas. This is of gold. I am also giving a recommendation. Hey, we did not get it. Yes, if you did not get it, then it is important for you to give. No, you will give something only if you get it. If you did not get it, then you should give. We as society has to make that.  Mother new mother feels so special, so special, so special that when it spread within the society, everyone said, I also want to become a mother, we will have to incentivize the girls here, we do n't know on what path we have put them in the job at Rs. 0000 salary for 35 years.  You are crushed again by the same mother and I will stop global warming brother, reduce how many children you give birth to, this stubble will burn from Lahore to Punjab Haryana and this  There will be a warning that by reducing the number of children, the middle class will not be able to understand whether they will do it or not. All these things will definitely happen, so you are not sacrificing so much, you are scared because of late, for many years women have never been respected. Pampers were not done, unfortunately in Haryana and in the rest of Haryana, there are buffaloes which are sown and are delivered. Buffaloes take better care of the buffaloes and I feel ashamed while saying this.  While talking in our Haryana, there is still no change in the society. Hey, I am saying that give as much as the buffalo gives, the buffalo will bite whatever it has given and if it gives milk, then you are happy, but here your family has given it. Further, I have done at least treat everyone, well, I am not saying that treatment is not given everywhere and I am not saying that no, no, it is bad in Haryana, Japa is not even kept, but there is trouble in Haryana and Japa.  separately  If you want the video, you will laugh and cry and you will know everything about the society. Those 40 days are very cruel. In every society, in Gujarat, it is called by a different word. In Maharashtra, it is called by a different word. Whoever is listening to me, here he is the same.  What word is used to say that in Haryana we call Japa period of 40 days? Please tell me that thing in the comment section. How did you like this video? Do share.  Do it with everyone and do tell us how you liked it. And this is a very important video so that we do not make these mistakes and in that period, we become new mothers of our mothers who can be our sisters, daughters and daughters-in-law.  Take good care of food and drink and mentally emotionally and physically that birth of a new child should bring happiness in the family and that should bring the family closer and keep them happy.  There should not be any tension in the fact that today he has come, today he is coming, serve him today, I have seen that 1515 2020 day 25 after delivery, it is expected from many that yes, that's it, what will happen to you, will we get you worshiped, we will get it done  You do the work, this is a lot of pressure, I have cases coming to me, I am not having dreams, there is no delivery in my house, is it okay if I tell someone, this happened to me many years ago but today.  Even on these days these issues are happening and these issues are happening and are visible and he is crying, he is coming to marital consultation, brother, two months, three months, this 40 days of 90 days is the worst minimum according to me because  After that she was put on job but she was given 40 days, now even 40 is not being given as maternity lift, the government has kept the 180 days short like this, brother, those are 180 days.  Leave means that the woman will not do any work, take care of her child, take care of her bathing, take care of her sleep and feed the child with milk for six months. Mother's milk is very good for the child. Do all that and do not have this conflict and whatever.  There has been tribulation in homes and with all the women with whom it has happened, please write in the comment section. Ji Guruji, tribulation has happened with us. Let it come out, let it be known that this video I make is like this to me.  I don't dream, it's not that I don't know what all the things I bring, those things don't exist in the society, just because dozens of them are kept under the carpet, I mean, they don't exist, it's my job to come here and remove the carpet, how is the video?  Please tell me like it, my relationship course is on, I have started it, there are some classes, there are still a lot left, you can join, are you ready for the relationship course, brothers and sisters, thank you very soon, channel.  Like Subscribe If you want to take membership then you can also take it Thank you very much