That Hello friends, today's topic is Stopped Clock Syndrome. Many people travel due to this. Take out something from my original and translate it in Hindi and subscribe. That too in this video, you can relate it by Google and divide it in your life.  This helps the people who travel by learning something new and likes it for their good. Subscribe if you have completed it by doing 123456 and then it is saved at one place in some 24 hours.  Bandhe will show the correct time twice. Brother, look at this, it shows the correct time twice, that is, if you say Tube Baikunthpur 284 in a sentence, then you will say eight and a half percent. So see, the seats show the time if we do one each time. If the time is noted all the time, then it is showing the correct time twice. If it is given by any of you, then you can watch it at any time, on a thousand people, on 10,000 people, on a lakh.  We will discuss what is happening at Rs 10 Crores and Rs 100 Crores. With some examples, someone started smoking cigarettes. Nothing will be known whether it was that cheap sports in his life or what was due to it genetically. There are many other reasons but people gather at a place to protect their belief system.  So if you come up with stuff like 'Stop Clock Syndrome' then you have to see that the argument is very weak and you will be deprived of knowing something new. The Same Thing People Do It Well Investing Hall Cancer Investing and Both Where is the Investing  And don't investigate, if someone's family lost their money in the stock market crash of 1992, then there is no need to put a T-shirt in the family that if someone's family lost their money. 2004 56 did very good by taking commercial in Gurgaon because it used them, population was less, growth should have been more, there was a lot of growth, commercial was less, commission was very good, so he wants to follow the same template in 2022, if asked then the same. Today's base rate is good. Today 's data is saying that people have no interest in it. No one in their family. Any thing out of acquaintance so that you justify this thing This is a wrong way Explain it very well in English Base rate Amazon If I get hold of the solution and I will ask them how do you tell the driver to drive  If you belong to an average driver with a coat of arms, then you will do a lot of research on this too. 90% consider themselves illegal. When we take one by one from the pool of people, there will be no favorite among them.  Somebody will come out, if people believe then I will use it in a different way. At this moment, what is happening only with the upper lip, I will tell my experiences, maybe your messages will come out of it, it is very good, it means in a very good way and no one else.  It is not possible that you are getting a job that people are not using it and whatever investment you are making, if you really think about it then the stock market has been shaken and you are not making any money. Should I invest? Shouldn't I? He won't give me my device but I will see where people are going. Even if I invest money in private stock market, I have my eye on real estate too, more real estate investment and look for that bigg money subscription because they are taking it.  Were from the share market for 2 years and which were very open in the last two-three years. Preity Zinta was busy in this factory, earning money. Now the money that was lost has to be withdrawn from the share market and  If you are subscribing, now the pan is getting hot and then like this, it is shifting the momentum, thinking that it will only do good to make space in it, now it is going down, so I put everything if the share market goes down.  There is a lot of juice, there is evaluation, so if you sell all the houses and take a loan, then there is no one to invest the money immediately. Actually, there is uncertainty, the clarity is not that much, but the clarity is increasing here. A lot of energy money is coming into it.  So you term what is happening with you, this off clock syndrome is just that your experiences, if any two things are right and you have to fight for that is not the clock is off only you have to go for jobs data withdrawn its form into  Your Belief Systems are appointed which do your sexual intercourse in your mobile and it comes out automatically. If you subscribe, then there is something or the other in it, if you want to see it, it is difficult, so if you have got the system.  This political party is good, this food is good, the people of the village are bad, this is about subscription, this is that you will get confirmation from this, and this is this, you can find the correct time twice in a closed clock and in this way, you will get thousands and lakhs of crores of rupees.  People do not believe so but you see 500-1000 who are confirming the messages, so we will have to increase our acquaintance with such people and increase our circle who are devil's advocates.  You take a thing and try to do it, if they succeed then you mess up the system and try again but you are convinced by logic that what they say is valid that you will fix it, what ever you understand what ever You are going about doing nothing but that will increase your conviction and your doubt will reduce. Will you say did you go to 10 people or did you go to your people from my circle? I discussed between them.  After removing them, you and I went back and did our research. Now do this research from someone else's phone. Many times what happens is that you have so much history in your phone. It is very important to delete it too, otherwise the same thing will give confirmation.  It is very important for you to research and do things through your incognito mod or in any other way because what happens sometimes is that even with my different devices, I do a lot of research even at this time, so if my e-agreed process is there, that is my device right there  Pachada hai mujhe to samawai will have to go to samadadi ulcers laptop in da house and family ki brother you look at yours, you don't see all these things, I then look at me, a different pattern is visible in it because this is what we want to see, the earth is ours.  It is the mind, we will have to delete these things. Delete History Delete History Whatever was your thought process, if you have to put something in the front, then the thought process should either be flexible, brother, I am open.  To Flexibility, how did you like this video? There will be more videos like this, as many as we are nails inside my Lal, in a little deeper video, I know not everyone will understand, do not want to understand the subject, but if you have connected till here and you  If you are having any fun then please write the images. I will increase my motivation and motivation to make these videos. There is already a play list like this, after making science intellectual videos, you will find 10 such videos in it.  You will see 15 videos. If you have not seen those videos yet, then my request is to watch those videos. That Max for garbage and the onion one is very close to me, that video and that 24 videos like this and there is a Money Mindset Series 3 one.  There is a video which I promote every 50 videos, its views are still not very high because many people do not understand. If you have not seen it then you have to watch it once because if you have seen it then you will get  The video of guru mantra of investment is very good