So do you want peace in life, want happiness, want to be an interesting person, Astro classes are starting, people consider astrology and these astrologers as just a game of addiction and drunkenness, what is the real astrology, how will you get peace, if you want to know and  If you want to be a part of the journey then you can join Astro Classes, for that you will have to take platinum membership of the channel, there is no other way, Vikas is very admin for me.  The problem arises because of the release of the class, it will last for a long time, which is the flavor of it, I could write only 25-30 percent of the syllabus and I am tired, okay, that's why friends, it is very big, but the syllabus I have written will be visible to you on the community page.  There are different topics in it, the tops will be more than this fund, okay so 30 topics, it is very fun for you to watch, you will become an interesting person, you will get control in liking, okay, I have not told anywhere that you  You will become a very big astrologer and something like this will happen in your life, you will connect the dots of what is happening in your life, why it happened and in which direction you are going, you will analyze it yourself and you will  You will never again need to take any astrologer and all these consultations in your life. Your chart and your future will be in your hands. One way from both the sides is due to karma, now this will also be done in a very interesting way like I am doing in real estate and  In the rest of the topics, I will explain them easily like a down to earth leader. In the same way, I will teach you that it is easy to connect with your family. Classes will be held at 12:00. All classes will be recorded. If for some reason you miss it, then there is no need to worry.  This is for platinum membership, it will be postponed for the people, if people are watching it taking records, classes have started later, even though class 12 has started, you do not need to worry.  No one is part of the journey Any type of world record Benefits Only viewing Recording classes will be in one to three order Viewing in 12345 SA quarter You can come anytime in between So for those who want to join from the beginning, now is your chance.  Want to take platinum membership? Those who have iPhone, they do not see the join button, then for them I will leave the link of premium membership in the description in the comment section, they can join from there. Rest of you, who have normal Android, you can join.  Join will be visible and this membership does not just give you access to Astro classes, which are available on Loot Seven and Box, which are my Sundays without speed or anything else, there are 56 ways to do it, there is a video of it, you can watch it and  Also, what are its benefits? We will add you to the platinum telegram group. Whatever platinum members have not yet been added to the telegram group and you have taken platinum membership recently, then you  You can connect through WhatsApp, we will add you to the Platinum Group Telegram, all the notifications and other things are posted there. Thank you Hey A