Hello friends, today I got to know about a lot of things from those who gave very important information to me when I consulted on family disputes and today I want to inform you about how this thing happened.  Have you thought about this? After listening to this, I think all the people who listen will like it and if it is worth liking then please like it. Deposit will give me confidence. Clear audience.  If you are understanding things and liking it, then this thing is very strong. You take money from your father, you take money from your mother, you take it from someone in your blood relation, then you type on it for a few minutes and everyone will know about it.  But see what troubles happen next in the middle of 2019 because when the time is good then you do n't know anything but when it is bad then you know what happens. Many times this happens in the family, you must have seen that father is like a child.  on 30  They give lakhs of rupees, it is okay to buy some house and that is their internal adjustment that I will give that to them and I am giving you 30 lakhs, then when these 30 lakhs come into your account, there is no tax on it.  You also buy his property, nothing happens and the story gets normal, but if tomorrow there is a dispute with your brother or sister, then your brother or sister can claim that the Rs. 30 lakhs were found from my father or borrowed from him. Add this 30 likes of my property, the property was taken for one crore, so thirty percent was this, now if this property is worth 6 crores then it becomes 18000000, half of it is his child too, half is mine, I want my number, I have seen this many times.  Because when you do many things and you have things and then talk to different people in the back, your you my God, this is a breakdown of that, if this is happening then what else could have been done, this is a breakdown of that.  When you take live property from your father on paper, then take an NOC from your Shivling at the same time, this happened today, that happened yesterday, Dabangg Scooter Rai has made internal adjustments in the Bigg Boss family and this cannot be said about anything because To the second Shivling, it may be possible that the father is consciously giving the property, going and getting it registered and getting it transferred, so you can play mini in that, money is being exchanged here.  Then either you see the Shivlinga which is registered in the court, sleeping within a few minutes and wearing a cap, wearing a white kurta and pajamas, that house in Ghoda tehsil is still the same nowadays. Is it okay to tell this, then he would not get angry.  Feel writes that it is okay if he becomes Bigg Boss then also I am his witness. Take your brothers and sisters to your registry where you have taken money from your father. If your brother or sister  Witnesses to gain or lose again a technicality comes in this kind of technicality this is my real estate education providers my religion people are okay that such things happen videos like this and you may want what could be wrong you mean so much  If you feel happy after doing this, then I will definitely make videos on how things can go wrong. You write below that real estate education is fine, the accused is fine, write RSP, then I will definitely make such small videos and give you such interesting information.  If I stay, then remember that there is no tax on the money you take, but if you take money, this Raita can spread. If you do not want to spread it on this night, then I have two more tricks and a half, either make him a witness or take NOC from him. Data M  Fully aware Dashmani has been given my father to you a brother oil and ganga channel 902 line is fine then there is no need to feel shy in this if it is happening like this then feel shy today Because all the things are bad then only those people with knowledge like me give wrong advice. If you understand that it is okay to like nothing, then it is okay to like the knowledge. If it can be used in some way then when it is read.  If it goes away due to some reason, then all these things come out, we have seen this in divorce cases also, you know what things come out, it is okay and whenever there is a mess, such things come out, then may such things not happen again, may God be with you.  do it for someone  Also, please take this precaution and spread this video and spread this information because I want word of mouth because if you Google this thing, you may get details on it, but you should Google this thing, who will tell?  Here, a man disguised as Guru typed to tell you that yes, send this thing that Google talks about finding, but if you type on Google, that too is very important. President Youth spreads in all spheres of life is like.  Thank you very much. Like and share. Thank you.