Hello friends, today's topic is text on Provident Fund which has come in a new budget, so we will discuss it in the budget, in the middle, what are the options, friends, what is it and in the end I will tell you a little about HRA, so let's come.  There is a lot of confusion going on among the people as to what tax will be levied on it and what will happen if it is above Rs. 2.5 lakh. I have written an article on this and posted it on my group, so those who have joined directly can understand the details on it.  They can connect me, here I am going to tell you what is the bigger picture, too many people have entered into that Chindi thing, some tax of Rs 550000-20,000 will be imposed on them, there is a lot of tension, but that big picture is missed.  They are doing what is called big money, what is the government doing, whatever Modi ji does, he does it according to his friends, I tell you about it, I told you, did you understand why?  No, this has happened many times, the Prime Minister himself tells this, so the sensible people should understand the hint as to what is happening, the government has been there, the country is going to get low interest rate regime, gradually now someone else will also be included in it.  It will be fun, but no one will. I had earlier discussed the topic of definition of middle class and lower middle class, so please see what you have not written. I had also told in that that the middle class has to think like gooseberries, below.  The people at the top are doing the texture. If there is a head of the house, the Prime Minister, he has to bring up the people at the bottom of the house. Yes, the people at the top do not enjoy it. The difference that is there is getting reduced from the bottom one.  The business idea that was there is not for these people, if they use their imagination then it is 1112. Almost all my videos are made with a tablet, which of mine has not yet subscribed. I have a request if this video is the first.  You are watching again and subscribe, will go to the old play list and want to watch my other videos also. This is the temperament that I am carrying that this train is how to use it. So, coming to this topic, they forget the tax and that small thing.  The real picture is that the interest rates are coming down and why do they have to be reduced? Vikas Bank is being told to lower the interest rates and give loans to the people. Now there are banks, it is the government that is corrupt and the government is interested in the people.  If it is more, then who will deposit the money with PAN or if I am getting more interest with the government, then whatever schemes and warmongers they cut into them, then what is the basic motor operandi of the bank to run from the bank? That he took interest from you, sorry, he gave you five percent interest and selected you along with him, then if he gets more money in your bank account, then he will look at you, then the government is gradually, if you look at the last three-four years.  The trend is down, the interest rates are going down, the taxes are going from eligible to eligible. Currently, the Income Tax Rebate is going on that those directors who do not have children, and Sita's winners will be taxed, it will give them some discretion in the matter of cigarettes.  No, TCT Section 124 also, don't get involved in Income Tax Rebate and House Loan, give yours directly, opposition, those children say, I have a job, tell me, I stuck my money in it for 3 years, income tax saver. If I want money, I do n't have money. The time with the court's lips was midnight. I will give you 10,000 rupees at 4%. If I don't want to see the profit or loss, then the format is slowly going there. When will it be fully implemented here, we will not know.  Just like in the container, the real morning from, which is so that the customer puts it in the water and gradually heats the water, if you heat it very fast, then the from becomes comfortable, we will discuss this.  The biggest change and the writing is on the wall, it has been seen that now many people will travel as senior citizens, then you will see how many senior citizens are there in India and how many youngsters are there, to whom Sarthak has to take a loan and move ahead, the children of senior citizens are the heroes.  The whole world has gone to the country's rates; the whole world has gone to the zero race; the whole world has gone to play at 2%; if India can become the first inspector, then India will.  Not suit thumb not toe words fiber set up you have you guys also have to see what are the options in it e want toe if you understand the man text then understand IB magic is coming this way look at that buy your car for 17 lakhs  Whether you are a government employee or a corporate employee and you also buy something, there was a car worth Rs. 17 lakhs parked inside it, then write this car as a threat, you have to buy this car worth Rs. 2500000 for Rs. 17 lakhs. How many children does the boxer want to earn from this video? Now you have earned Rs. 25 lakhs and out of that, you have given so many children that the entire valley is covered. Road tax on this vehicle has also been removed in GST, all the taxes are there and whatever is left to you is given to Bigg Boss.  So you are getting goods worth 12 lakh rupees. You can earn some 2500000 rupees. You are getting goods worth 12 lakh rupees. Remember, spend it quickly next time. Whenever people want to buy something worth 100 rupees, then understand that you have done it for them.  If you have to earn approximately 140 rupees, then that thing will appear to be worth ₹ 100, it will appear to be worth 140 and even for ₹ 100, when you see the email text, it will be worth 370. This is to make it rough, so from this you will know which thing you should buy and what else.  If you don't want to buy a thing, then this is a pad to think in your mind. Look at the type of thing that will be inside it. I am getting so many fridges, everyone earns their money first and then  All the expenses are shown and whatever is left, a type is given on it. The person who is a salaried class, only commercial tax is deducted, his reply is Ekta and then he sends what is left, whatever expenses the father removes, the President gives one.  So it does the same on top of that, if you get green typing on it, then for the government too, I don't like the voting period or any system, the government is still telling you that whatever you have to do, you do your work using the Make in India method.  To laugh at all this, it is mentioned in the budget, this is not at this stage, you can also say that I will stay in this cold, I will not go home anywhere, I and I do not enjoy anything, it will be like this only when so many, no longer in Don't try to practice it on me, discuss it on WhatsApp group, nothing will come out of it, whatever is happening is bound to happen, according to me, I too have acidity, I am not like that, on top of that, he has not come from another country, it is okay, I  also effective above  How long will we stop what is happening for the good of the country and it is inevitable? It is a very good platform for our children to be killed. I am not a big expert in economics but I am telling the basic thing that whatever is happening.  Now see how you can take advantage of it. Do you have any option? So I will discuss two options on this. Okay, how will I talk about it for senior citizens? This is a calendar. There are two options for all the people who are currently unemployed.  And who is missing again after that for six-eight months because it is a dynamic situation, the new voice of a government is not there by asking, then in the market 19 there is this health care traffic situation, then if you watch this video after 2 years, then I do n't know how much.  If it is applicable then there are two options for today, one option is very simple if you see that there is a bank in this bank, father is adding fifteen cents from this bank.  Son ji, son ji is taking a loan but where is the sense of sanskar, father is getting five percent, that father can also see the rate, children do not have faith in the bank, they have more faith, it is okay in the bank when you are in the period.  You give money for 10 lakhs, 20 lakhs, 50 lakhs. Whatever you give, the bank does not give you anything unless it is caught in obscene language, and when it is your sister's lock and gives it to you, then it mortgages the property and takes all the history of the family, joint knot.  Two  Side here, it sends so much sugar - 50 to 60 sugar comes, so you also have to see how it is meant to be done in banks, then friendly friends can be given to each other because you can take it home not to your father.  You can invest and get income tax rebate by maintaining proper record of Dhoop Adams below. Disclaimer that I am not a chartered accountant, please verify this advice to know how correct it is.  That is my disclaimer, so this is what I will tell you in the second option, which I understand, I will pay a little less, my ad will be given to half of the housing segment from now on, it is okay for you to see what is trendy, what is the latest for you.  It is not doing anything for this. Look at the prices in your area. In the last six-seven months, there are mines which give loans. UltraTech Cement, which is a cement company, Godrej Properties, which is a real estate player.  Sanitary ware which is an entrance test player and Asian Paints which does print etc. Look at the enterprises, how big they are in 10 12 months, all of them are related to real estate, a lot of matters here are good Chandra first, their prices are higher than this. Why big profit, why fear that something is wrong somewhere or there is some tension, if there is any requirement then I will compare it in three ways FD vs.  Affordable housing will fast for affordable housing and Africa. There is a project of 20 lakh rupees in affordable housing and will run for a week and what is there in the locked 80 MP. If you are getting interest then do FD for it, don't do it and make agreements for FD.  If you get it from here, both the works are not being done, it cannot be that the period of 20 lakhs has been set on the part, then it is giving you one lakh even today and you add onion and that is 21  Lakhs are also becoming there, either FD, that money is becoming 21 lakhs at the end of the year or you can take one lakh, both are not working. When you buy the properties, both the works will be done. If you get the recipe and the property will appreciate then this is a big thing.  This ad plants and gives you double housing, just like if you give the money in three and a half years, if you give the money in one go, then the rental returns are also good. Affordable housing vs mutual fund vs f-35 vs this.  I have done the calculations in the videos, those who want to see them have to read them, the detailed calculations are actually there with examples, you can read them, so this is also a story which has been planted, I have the courage, there will have to be some story, it is a very dynamic situation, that is quite sure.  If 'E Will Not Work After' has been made, then it comes to this only. Secondly, whatever amount is paid at the ATM is taxable, so if you spend Rs 1 lakh or so, then all your money will be taxed, but what would happen to the property if  If you have 1 lakh friends, then the government gives a repeat order on the government, tax is calculated only on 70%, this is what you people have to see in it, the third thing is that acid does not affect your quality of life because ultimately if you want to increase your capital.  So if you don't eat onion from it, if you eat views then you are not getting capital but if there is property then there is appreciation in it, inheritance is there and there is no fear of operation in fan shop because I have  Have seen senior citizens in their consultancy b.f.  Bomb blast and making access, when you turn 7475 80 years old, then you don't have the time to create such a definition asset, so much, so this is a thing and I will say this about an option, whatever investment you people do in the world. In particular, I believe that your target should be to maintain and improve your quality of life so that you never have to sweep and wash utensils in your life and become a driver in old age.  You can also hire a massage therapist, you may have to hire a tech, you may have to hire some treatment to take care of your health, all these expenses are covered because no matter how many ECHS etc. you are covered under, CGS Subscribe Scheme.  You do not get money for an attendant, you get treatment in old age, whose knee is replaced in 8 minutes, you will get that money but you do not need an attendant for yourself.  They will do a joint and say that you will not get it, you should keep the acid and they will look after the children, give ten to twenty percent of it to the children, if you keep it, then how much amount can we keep, this is the option, now S8 is available to you for the middle class.  The gap between rental yield and interest rates can become a development. The gap between rental yield and interest rates is almost certainly increasing. One seal has been copied in shared properties but in the very small properties, 11 is becoming very small.  And I will tell you at the end, then I was being talked about in this also about the face. Acharya, I would like to tell you that if your Rs 1 lakh is on basic pay, in a big city, 2475 is going, the middle one is probably Saurabh Quotation's eight.  So, taking the example of a big city, at 24 cents HRA, you will get Rs 1 lakh in basic. How much will you get for your Rs 24,000? Now if you are paying rate on this and you have to deposit run tips. People are confused about the department, if I get Rs 24000 at home and hair wash from a friend, then I have no tax liability, that is wrong, what is the rule position that how much more than ten percent of your basic salary are you printing, only this portion is tight.  So again on this occasion we are getting 24 thousand rupees, you are getting 34 cents on 1 lakh and 10 cents on 1 lakh basic.  If the salary is sour then if you are giving rate of only Rs 24 thousand and are giving only the prescription of rent, then yours is only Rs 14 thousand more, then the tax of Rs 14 thousand will be his judgment. Some officers will have Rs 10,000.  But you will be taxed at thirty percent. ₹ 3000 will be charged on the voice element and by adding space on it, it will be completely erased. If you tax it at zero tax then it will be Rs. 3000. If you rent 24 thousand more accounts then now you have come for the fourth good use. This is very simple but there is a devotee condition on it. How did you like the topic? Now tell me by commenting if you liked it. Share it with the people who are watching the channel for the first time. Please. subscribe thank you