That Hello friends, today is a very interesting topic, like this, you guys must have come out earlier, I have brought the results and real estate of TCS company, you can add it to Infosys also, IT companies can do it, it is the biggest company in the belt, so take that.  When I come, 360 degree perspective is vibrant, so many people who write articles in real estate, journalism, economic journal, when I am there, they also see my topics, I feel very happy, so they are included in it.  You can take out an article from it in 3 months and it will be published in the newspaper in two months. You guys can see how I can act. If you like it, then give a little praise to the poet by giving likes. You can't say how you.  If there are results of should connect.tcs then people think it is a share market thing, TCS, these companies are shares of IT company, 37 ₹ 45th of 100 were baked, should not be taken, this is from A Real Estate  How is it linked? Who works in TCS, what do they do? Whenever I do research on IT companies in real estate, first of all I see two things in every quarter. You guys should also see the same. Hydration rate, how much?  People leave and what is the salary, the huge expenses of TCS, the huge expenses of IT companies, the salary of employees, the rest, no manufacturing was happening because the raw material is here, huge expenses.  Salary is fine, so if their results are all dual then I see three things: Salary is increasing, people are running away, presentation of TCS has come everywhere, if you do the sentences then it means employers and demand, leave TCS too.  They are doing this, even then no person will leave the biggest company of India, I am getting something good like this, living in the sector is like loot, after that the second thing that I see. Salary a percentage and revenue and the third thing is how much new order book came in the quarter so what is this quarter from January to March 11:00 got a new case of billion dollars they got further orders of course that shows revenue visibility the previous one was seven billion dollars  So four million dollars, extra one million dollars, up to seven and a half thousand crores, four thousand crores have been received, will they need more employees or will they work more for the existing ones?  Salary will be given, there is a direct link with the real estate because when a factory is laid out in Greater Noida, Faridabad, Panipat or anywhere else, blue color workers come there and 500 and 1000 worker class work in every door.  Whose salary is 2535 40,000 but go to TCS Udyog Vihar, there is a building like this, 3000 children work in it.  The average salary of each person is 7075 per month. Well, I am talking about the average above, the active one because it is very high, you know and there is an increase in that salary, it drives the real estate and it is very important to see the data and this is PAN India VS.  It is very important for you to see that this Gurgaon is effective in this, it has its office source Bangalore Hyderabad so this is different places where people and operatives are there, if I extract my data from the detailed device, then it will be boring that people  For now, this was the first topic, this was the first one, I tried to connect the dots that when we say visibility, what is visible ahead, then brother, if I go on this salary, then people with double income are booking such things, wherever two Husband is also earning profit of Rs 1.5 lakh, first we both have four and a half rooms together and if his salary is ten percent then his salary will be Rs four lakh fifteen percent. This salary increase is 5267.  But here the salary increase is 16262 per month. If you enter medium then you can take an extra loan of Rs 70 to 80 lakh. So, things can be seen in this way also, for those of you who do research on all this, I have already given you another link.  Things to check, how much new order book is coming in every quarter, hence it is more than the quarter, we will discuss the shares here, decision taking will be its separate topic, P.Bhai, how much book value, how much.  Are there slots, how much profit, how much profit, because if the salary is too high, then you will have to give the factor of recommendation. Linking both the things, whenever the addition is more, the expenditure on salary will be more, if the addition is less, then the expenditure on salary will be less. These are well-known things, then monitor 303 statistics edition. Salary, percentage of revenue and how much fresh revenue is coming. If you do these three then you will get an idea about real estate. Did you find this topic to be such? Can I bring more intellectually, instead of seeing only the platinum members, I can also give this kind of knowledge to the normal audience, which is not there, it is your choice to become everyone, you can also become platinum, but I am sharing all the knowledge with my normal audience.  Let me also tell you that everyone is joining, I am seeing that their age group is at this point and their level of understanding is and I am not like that.  He is speaking but still write to me once in the comment section, if you want this true intellectual, it is a little intellectual, it does not mean a little technical people also take such things and this is just ready made material you want brother. Sir, do this 340 and tell us, don't teach us. Okay, so my name is always teacher, tell me how to connect the dots, what is in the newspaper, how are the results coming, what will be the effect in the future because the thing is  I tell you that she starts telling the world in two-three 15 months, so if you are associated with such an audience then you should also be very happy and come here with a lot of self-confidence that if I am your teacher and you are learning from me. This is you, you are in touch with high caliber portion, I don't just get up and say, I am India's number one, slowly and gradually, the pet consultation which I have already done should be reduced considerably.  I am coming with templates because I have reduced the number at the individual level, now my work is at the institutional level, but my work is consultation. Those who want to put in the clears at the big level, you will have to pay Rs. 10,000. The things which are late in the public domain because Google will tell you everything but Google.  How to ask him and how to do LIC, he goes to the trouble of understanding things at the conceptual level, but that concept adjusts to this world.  If you want to know then press the button which I have told you, Google will tell you these three things - TCS January Month 2322 Quarter Results Edition Revenue and Future Revenue Growth, which order book, how many orders, that charge, but I did not know how to link it, now I have told you to click.  I told you to do it like this, whatever things should be linked up, please note it in your diary. You will welcome if you are my subscribe. You will welcome very very interesting person in her.  Circles, this is a promise to you, thank you very much, share, if you have not subscribed then do subscribe, do like, see if likes come, then I will think that I have an idea, if this many likes should come, then 30 if there is not too much ghee in it, 300 likes if it comes.  If it goes then I will feel that the audience is the core audience which wants to understand such things. Thank you remove it.