That I have recorded that morning to all goals today a free website with someone for teachers in this webinar I will give very different perspective to all of you and who died in this regard you will have a smile on your face you will be a  Little Bit and Night and You'll Be Amazed Shab a Banquet You'll Have Some Want to Take Away Due to It's your spouse's near you is always a request, give her less details, you can call your husbands, you can feed as many mail pictures as you can to your wife, one hour and both are also benefited because the couple together understands that things can be enjoyed in a good way, so both of them can enjoy it.  In between when everybody should have selected admin and I have created this question you can lift reply and participate like you do in your class on one side of the students.  By the way, you can do it, then if you feel very good in the middle of the conversation, then drink it means that you enjoyed the power, said something nice and said something good to me and I liked it, then that is how he is like a lion, so do not hang out while having sex. So that he knows that yes, whatever is happening is fine, it was fun, then you can write fun, you can write MAGB in Ajna, match medicine, you enjoyed and P means you got to know something new, then both will be there, there will be entertainment and there will be PPP.  so into this is Expecting that I will do it myself, your key notes are okay, he will keep reciting his poetry, then MSG enjoyed this, whenever someone will come and give a pay and peace power punch, we had never thought of anything in this perspective, so the latest post is Khul Teaching A.  If we talk about profession in India, we will understand that teaching is not normal, it is the first prize, it is normal in all, it just happens and it is a matter of compulsion, if we accept it in the beginning. We will grow only if we understand this. If I tell you, very few people stand here in the social study of this country, you can think something as per your wish, the world is putting no bravery in the society and today the time has come for you to know the point above.  I am going to tell you the method of ISP, I am going to tell you about the sports soldiers, below are the specific details of the eligible ones, which ones have not been done, you have done four levels in the government by making them Group B, Group C, Group D.  There is a pay scale for teachers and there are teachers, they come in group by means, you can write to me Tissue is a government teacher, he can definitely write because you will be the editor of pay scale, you come in group C, which one is specific, okay so people.  Of writing Samdari Road also rich setting of time deciding A B C D How much progress will this CD get, now the one who is government, cancer has come from big, government employee government  Teachers and know it is this one koi nikalte ko subscribe lip Everyone started feeling that we are all fine whatever is not there, we can reach the government at Pride Chowk above, you are a government employee aa Surya Kurinji kya hai aap paun inch hai to bhi me  Come in C Come in Hey Guru ji, you write and tell me Dependent Nomination Yes you are right it is on a special knowledge and information and very According to me, the appointment should be exactly Assistant Professor and Lecturer and after that the teacher has said that having very specific youth, second shift is not a career choice, I am preparing for IPS, I am not able to find packed space in the flat and keep coming down. Well, one more thing is that those schools which can have expensive fees, are from very clean, clean, big or school, there are vestiges, the fees of the schools are on the market.  The number of wishes of a private teacher is less, the salary of a government teacher is done that he did not want to send children to government schools related to government infrastructure, it is okay but the salary of government is very high, okay, then I will give Kurukshetra of government salary to a private teacher.  Bhi ke turn on karo hai but I will tell you in that match but I am telling you that you are not going to have the first wash water career in most of the ladies private schools.  We teach its top arrangements, where the balance is there, family life is basic, this job is fine and has been historically beneficial. Those who are mothers say that if they are teachers, then do media flat. It will be a good job. You will go wearing your saree in the morning and drop, this will also be useful for you.  You will also get rid of the antiseptic and earn some money, your dependence on food will be reduced and you will also have children. By doing this, many women become picture-perfect in such compromises in the kitchen. Do good job good mom you welcome teachers will cause her husband whom you are transferable go 3051 job you conductor regular job saw your way through your teacher anti every country can find everywhere so you feel that I see the interwar everywhere and get wings  You will get it and this is what the robbers have proposed for this pin, tell you the choice, make you rich, I am not going to tell anyone, click here to become a teacher.  Leave it and do something else, you have to become a teacher, now why am I going to tell you about the special Indian education sector in education, this Anand's staff explosion in terms of money, we will talk about money, Hmm, okay and unfortunately you people, you are the main teachers who are the heroes and heroines.  He is not there and the female household is stable in his picture but you will not get money, there is no other recommendation money, there is a lot of education system, you will not earn and this is my  This webinar is about your ways to earn, I will also tell you the ways to earn and I will tell you how to invest what you are earning, so it is going to be very good from both sides, people will have some fun or can you write that the holiday is awake.  I am putting the template, I am feeling something that day, please tell me, okay, you can write after opening it, okay, you can write to the administrator, you are feeling exciting, you are a nursery teacher, how can you increase money, now I am on TV, I am in Death Valley.  He is not even talking about what is test problem, what is the subject of map chemistry, physics, chemistry, there is no need to teach you so much, but also, who will tell this feature that we are teaching to everyone together, we are using a word.  Poor guy, note height increase like this, poor guy, okay poor Tej, addressed to the world viewers, who is not doing anything in the society, he is not telling the same, now you have noticed, we are back ad text  Companies have less Raju Bhai Android user correct but cashew 100 is ok Android portion now benefits now I will buy Aakash please thank you Lo joke is going on any one will look like this ok solar plant nursery will also be the same trophy will be there and there will be a board for it in the college too  The university will also move towards the same, education will become a monopoly, it is possible that in such a big space, you can appoint a Musaddilal teacher as the last president. Till Office Office, Pankaj Kapoor's character is an Everest teacher, it is okay, only the average fan is earning, it is okay, he stands to you, clearly refuses, what is the respect for Indian social status teacher, it is not like this, it is not like this, teacher is like this.  Old Koi Bolo, in the movie Masterji used to say kitchen, old alarm of voting, not big, just here with this, it's good to be, a little entertainment and phone, good Masterji, Master Dinanath Chauhan Amitabh  If Bachchan is fine, then who is his father, Master Dinanath Chauhan? He is on this flight with good principals and normally, his wife says this to her son: Son, you did not earn money from your father, but you earned respect. It seems here that you studied without a father. While applying it, he has to see you, take so much courage, take pride that you have applied it so that it does not get affected even by mistake, you have to apply it and it enhances it because some have to apply it and some have to apply it and some do not.  Have to increase the context: It takes pride that no one among your foster children has turned out to be an idiot. They don't take this pride. No teacher takes pride in the next. That none of my successful children in studies have been sent to jail. No one has done anything wrong in the scandal. This and all related. Jakham auspicious way to be happy anywhere in your schools, this will come to all the teachers you have, you have missed out the exam from below especially and female voice a musli you mix  Ajay, you have to pass an exam so you become a teacher, if your marks are less then you will grind it for religious reasons, this is a government job and above that, the one who is a private teacher, the exam taken for a government job is the exam you have for grade teachers.  If we add eligibility test, then all the teachers have in your mind that this is the thing that I am interested in, mostly this is that people enjoy it, okay very good, so many people do not have this in their mind that this is This is our number, we will remain here, now you will get our children to get it, and Bachchan is the number. You should understand everything carefully that if 10 lakh children run away, the answer is if you also understand this thing, you will understand that you will get money.  How to earn, if 10 lakh children run, only N thousand children are going to win, then divorce them, see how much coaching training is given to the children, give them Nike shoes and make them understand that they will give a thousand or not 15000, which thousand will they win? So that 10 lakhs are there, now these 10 lakh children who are running away, is someone coaching them or not? Tinku Bhai has got the tablespoon of ghee that the corporation has given me, some children will go further even if they do not pay, okay inside the tube.  Only 999 BSP is too much, okay, many people need it, so in this the teachers take the credit that our school had passed it, your school will take out the share, this is the beneficial zone, Nitin, who is in the chest, will pass it.  There is some guide, there is a forest place, he is writing all this, Agarwal Seema Agarwal ji wrote, He is Agarwal, he gets selected, he was from junior school, he is my neighbor, he had taken this question, that is why we had lost, and then they also gave us money.  Hey, you said it was yours and Bhai Saheb has also seen it, the same thing has to be done in many places also by making a system i.e. in my school I have been made the schools, are the schools in India so good or not that any school is like this? he is not appointed  Very good, good, good, this is your convent school, this is your famous school of Delhi, which is using Ghrit, those children are thousands, 10,000 will not be given in 2019, so what should I do now, to get money for loving the people here.  Most of you are listening to me, more than half of you are lost gamblers. By the lost gambler that there is an exam for a job, you did not apply this method of bluntly, scene of yours.  If it gets harmed then you will have that many people under honey. If it doesn't happen then now you teach people to play that you are already a teacher, you can show them, prepare lemons, a lot of money comes in the education system. Now this is the video I am making.  I am recording so that many teachers can be reached through this technology. Again, I do not repeat any webinar. You people are connected live, you will get the most benefit. When I finish recording, you will get to ask questions. This is what you guys do.  There will be benefit and there will be live energy sequence, who is watching the record, subscribe my request channel and send Diwali Madhu to your other teachers, first of all, teacher 9783 was under government and private, the private people think that the government is more concerned, the people of Chittorgarh.  The number is more, okay, these are the ungrateful government people, the teachers who are beside you, they cannot be the center of your hair, all posts.  It is a good school, it has a good place, she will teach in the village as well, she will teach in the town too, I look at the teachers, okay, many times I look at the teachers, she goes and sits in them, then she goes to get her bread and then goes somewhere else.  And it is certain that now reaching school and commuting is over, this government teacher is very romantic, whose test is also going to go to the city, those who live in the cities will come there, you people, I still took you, just drank tea and went away, nice suit and saree.  If you wear it, it will go to dust and then the government and government teachers are not government employees. Why are you not a government employee? Dayavanti Teachers, tell me, you people who are government teachers, I am saying this, they have not said this, now they are caught while doing other work also. Right now this country will be divided, this is the applicant hour, your people have to realize that here anything from the government is better, it is Saturday, do it right, it is okay in Haryana.  Is it right na me or marine saturday injury is ok people are having fun so whenever you are private teacher will give thing ki government teacher is having fun no fun is ok for that shirol wound promising is ok and teachers can force degi are having fun  No, these days schools have become so demanding in so many private schools, there are parents and zone management, when she gets her fees, she gives WhatsApp number and other apps. Which teacher in the teachers' home always hurts to explain? Okay, so teacher's time in the teacher means there is a lot of confusion in your industry, I will teach you to become a judge, how much is your salary, even if you study a little in truancy, you will get the same, okay you guys.  There is no one who judges very much, the power comes in your hands as per the end and activity. Those teachers who used to remain calm, if there is no money for practice set, do not do this, especially female teachers. You have seen job management tips, I will make jaggery, we will make some turmeric, we will get gifts, your money should be in ascendant account, but now you do not come to it like this because your canteen people are left there, right, your salary, snacks, love photo album is coming, two magazines, does anyone know?  No, but now you have 40 thousand 325 subscribers, so according to that, how much should you do, you should remember, 500 600, government is fine, then  Okay, it is 1.13 lakhs, but as the number of government teachers increases, the number of government teachers is not equal to that of Aamir. The number of children is okay. At this time, the contribution is also 1.5 lakhs. It is okay, Gyaan Kisii 151 School or Pimple Main College at this point is very good.  Okay, if it is then most of the comments are coming, okay, it is being put around for free, okay, then it is more from government school, okay, next be dad, fashion technology in it.  So you one more then okay okay it was in my eyes that if you sell and buy money then go round and round buy open open element male-female 10 ICSE 10th subject given that this search will buy the area first you guys came promise Avinash later.  Will stay connected with me, okay depression, some things, sent him the entire 12th syllabus, no one can increase one element, you also take classes, you were given tractor grade, member can you tell that demerits. Your husband will open the search box for you people and you will put your husband's songs in my account. This is not to be done like this. This is to have a separate investment so that you should have great pride. I know this is a small one, you can buy it from here. You can buy Sugar Involved for Rs 20-25 Lakh in Gold Mode On. Is there no tax on capital gains? Government comes every 2 months. You can buy with the limit. It is less money than buying digital. If the Gold 10 Hussain button is visible then you will see the gold 10 Hussain button, then you can send the login answer of a few knots of the year in front, after 5 years, today we can sell the passbook on dhoti in its puri. Also send a message. My video is number five or six in the Money Minded series on Bancha channel. I am sure and you all must have become my subscribers. Those who have not become, please do so. I have asked you to do so.  He has also promised that if he wants to earn Rs. 500 then he will get it as Hammaal. He is right, you should not waste your money, if you have to earn it then it would be a husband and all the husbands should try to get double income if their wife gets a job.  The times are today if you want to search and on the other hand demat account it is very good ok you should have as per 652 vijendra and slowly but steadily vansh will be in touch further then i  Will help you in and explain how to pick up share se ok to nine another opportunity to thank you all people spend your people expressed in the difference between teacher and group teacher and guru normally in hotels and launched in India Bijli guru and teacher  Let's mix which is not the correct. There is a lot of difference in the second group. The Guru's principle of becoming a teacher in you that they should be the first and staff and not good food. Employed teacher.  You are a teacher, you teach only because you have a syllabus, it is defined, now to become a guru, you have to dress up, Guru knows everything, in that time, Guru and Maithili were also big, promoting culture, science, spirituality, all that.  Only if someone gives a prize then soon not only did not heed to teach how to love and how to be happy diet element in 1969 schools tips how will you major from your school  Some child goes and he stays happy in life, how do you ever know you will fall on the quality, it turns out that it became yoga and Priyanka becomes Shiva, then the spoon starts opening, he used to study in school while it was a school festival.  I do n't have such a big role because even in any other school, first of all, if you go there hungry, then when you go there to provide food, you get robbed. I am not really doing this much in life, but we did not find the teachers to be great. You have to see that your life is now full.  Indian Society  Can be ideal in the system and there too, Ad is the best answer if it is a dish plane or if you do not get a job, then you are a teacher and those who are parents or performing parents have to do this in multi-national companies. These are options for government boys at senior level.  When he comes to school, do you think that his art teachers and you guys are also very aggressive? Are those from private schools also like 409 and West End and East? Speaking all this in English, to show your personality, to confess, if you are a lower middle class parent or a poor prince, then when you go, it is domineering because you are trying to cut it, it is a ribbon, Teacher's Day is fine, not a home guard.  Did I, its cutting is bad, its expression is bad, this is something, this is also a teacher, many organs, teachers have query in flight school, it has become too much to be a teacher, beans, food and boys, mafia type. Clarification You guys should not feel bad what is happening to you you know which side I am entering ok so we are attacking all off but I am telling you when you get stuck on that side you cannot make money you How to become a good teacher, from what point, I will tell you the track of the school, I have trapped the management of the school, they are all businessmen, make them edits, for them there is not much difference between school and hotel, for them it is ad ad.  It's fine and money is being spent in it, they stay in hotels, they come to eat, they come to study in schools, both are different, there is investment in both, so those people are like this, I think of them, they need to be linked with some education etc., that part is there in you, that being outside.  You want it but unfortunately it is going away, now you agree with what I have said, but see, you totally disagree with it, then put all this in the roots because this service will give you money right now.  Your hero is the hero, you are the school, the school is the heroine, you are the hero, you can earn money wherever you go, if you are, technology has given the courage to another man to do it, he was going to eat Redmi, it was so good, it is okay, good read. Everything was so good while pregnant. What is the biggest problem of teachers? Whenever I have gone to analyze oil, they request me a lot to train your teachers. This is the problem of teachers.  Tell me the stand or check, I have a van second class, now which is fine and smashed by 20 Ambedkar Student's also I will come Student above Teacher is teaching something Subjects You do it like this Aa Ko Amnesty Depend Scientist Extend Question Any  Student can say, aapne vis election is ok, Edison electronic schools vich hum kuch teachers recruitment in amlon single question hai laddu any different  Ki Arun how many work you have done a different click but now this question ma'am you are important porn teacher reply is ok I will explain again and again see tension ok ulte lage siding se madam maut ho gayi a if I am explaining to you daughter that  If you don't understand this method, then I will repeat it again, I had said it earlier also, then 99% teachers would have understood in hundred percent teachers.  Repeat repeat the sense in Gurgaon that for decades there is a perspective in your understanding either you could not understand teachers never ask like this they ask persistently this kheer and romantic they disintegrated in private schools respectfully you understood that don't have extended years  The Spot Songs Play List Turn On The Kids If I Am Now Tell You Hey Mature I'm Understanding The Day For Your Rhythm What I  Will of a guru who tide balance how many people are you guys one second 11072 inside 1072 teacher you have am I able to explain you you are coming oh my God and sisters am I able to explain you so the previous politician my problem is you people relax that  You have become a child, you don't understand jewellery, try that one again, how much fun it will be if you do it like this, only then you can earn money, you are looking for Shahrukh style crackers, not from such people.  Leaving such teachers have come in the market and those children are 24 light and in the ancestral Aman Dhattarwal a guy Dadarwal fought the search operation on YouTube this tomorrow meeting next online education also constipation year old found him he psychology big you how many children and  He passed 12th by doing that immediately, it's sorry, calibration is difficult issues, loot, you have to do trick with the child, you are such a popular teacher, don't help.  Appearance you have such a teacher, the child will get the ghee, come bring the classment, it is fun, she will go in the morning and you are sitting behind this theme, on the teachers for the turning point of delivery, the children are not from the child, you are useless if you, your children are not interested.  He is taking it, he is sleeping in your class, it is okay if your children are not taking the brush, your classifica father-in-law, I have put a gun on your temples, the cover is okay, are you listening, then you will  Have To Make His Interesting Products Less More Interest You Are Creating This Live Taste I Will Not One Simple Question To Your Shoulders Strong No Experience Teachers Question According To G Bittu Communication Skills In Every Month Right Now And Loot Is Tax Single Thing Which Is The Most  Important Fixed To Have Good Communication Skills Too This Destruction In Stomach  Meena Dance Master Prices Master Trainers for Shops You also got it done by getting it done Company Culture What is that was not an important thing so people can type in all medicine Good Listener Expression Good They came for the sales of a company You got the density of the company Good  How will it work through listening? Okay, to communicate, you are a teacher, you have to do company chat, I am anyone's communication through which one thing, if no one tells me that  Today I have taken half an hour of Sunday, I have stolen an hour of your life, I will tell you something which you do not know, how is it in commando and language, is it okay, someone has written a friendly question, Sachin Thoughts, the message is okay, someone has connected.  It is written that to do under is fuel should strive in good list, Britain and European Union are there and edit is communication skill generally you press community in your class any person's  One Mukesh in communication skills, yet tell me, Congress has speaking skills to be written communication, this is what I am asking, the truth is that to improve the communication skills, you gave it back, Pratap twisted the English language, idiot, will want to send that but it and a Person S Deepika Sharma Ghee Inam Friends Deepika Sharma Shyam Vridha Beach Out Day After Tomorrow New Royal Hotel Trident Ok Deepika ji, you connect with me separately, I will master you.  Let me put in this, you are fine, Coast 2036, communications will be difficult. Well, Papa, if he has nothing then it means everything, but what will you do, then the tongue works like a waiter, even the food is there, if the food itself is not tasty, then what will you do?  How would you enjoy delivery, then the meaning will be said, not only this, if someone is a very good waiter, a very well cooked person, he has great manners and etiquette of dress pack and if he feeds you nonsense bisht among the birds, then cut it.  Will be selecting a teacher for communications Telling can be ok thanks to be interested in English Senior in Chinese Now I am astrology and house My English Hindi is also like this My Haryanvi base My Gujarati Bloody Mary Punjabi also a little bit That people believe that I am from Pakistan  Are in love with her ultimate if told then converting but will be picked up and should not then I'm talking to your top * beam we big pure conversion  Vipin Kumar Live We are gossiping about someone, that is useless, boss type people in Africa, this is what people do now, there is no need to be stable in this, I can do a lot to laugh, it is okay with me that this is someone's talk, even now Talking is happening in the kitchen Communication skills are required In the hands of someone who will benefit and benefit only when they add value So this morning Able to end value to pimple Another problem and appearance of editors  It becomes very difficult to spot the mistake. It is very very modest and hence the mistake has been made. Training must be a mistake. Bhavna has said, Hey, shut up. Lead. A child is saying something on the page. He is not paying attention to the content. How is he speaking to her so that it is very easy to do?  It is visible that it takes life to increase the print head, the content, now you can see how good it is in Ghatiaghat, you know one more thing, so it has to be trained, it knows English well, all the tests are done for you.  I will do it ok so ok related set ruby ​​toe all this is not the problems in your teachers so its difficult problem hai duties ok aaj academy in the jo amla different par platform this channel doing and going to very well you may also be with  Am Not A Secret Bank Behind Give Way To Judges And Take People Normally Attacking People At The Time Of Aryavarta And  The master object, collision, wash your hair, if your body is updated then you should make me feel shy that if the passenger difference is ok then this thing is coming button scientists all my dear, you are a teacher who teaches small classes, you have to understand that I am not  In the getting any field, example channels range from poor to rich, so there is no permission to give examples. Today, women who are at home, 40 years ago, women used to make clothes at home for small children, then gradually.  A man's clothes used to go from India but she also prepares soups in her home. She used to die if her children's skin came out and then it would be difficult to find the skin that was restored. The ladies at the front of the network neither used to go home to use the pan.  Have to tighten, took some strange fabric, she will provide for the work, but before that, brother-in-law will also straighten it, okay, quite soft skin, after getting decorated, articles in Gurgaon, should I tell you what the answer is on the system Everest. Raghu, something goes wrong, but someone's button gets broken, someone does something to them, all of them are put in a bag and given to the tailor, the opportunity is ₹ 10, how much they went away.  So basically you have made a choice, the same thing happens in cooking, earlier pickles were used in many houses, if they had this smell then something would be made, the British also make ships, that system is coming to an end, the custom of cooking food at home is less.  going  If we talk about Laddu Jati Janeu, then next now the teacher of my job is Teji and UKG and first that there is better nutrition for that, the development group, now the women who will give birth to children will not feel like teaching that as much as the airport, according to me, an illiterate child comment.  Gupta of 11th, 11th, 12th and 12th students spent the most amount of money to make him educated. Gupta of 11th and 12th class has the maximum because he will get the traction to study.  The paper is the tuition, the writer is amazed, the minute is passed by me, I want to go to a good college and where I am able to spend money in my own child's education, I have asked you to give money for my child's tuition, now I am not the lady who stays at home.  And he should have been taught normally, now even by mistake he will go to the job, most of the children have such a bad attention span, but it is less for small children that the master teacher who teaches is the one who has done the course, his level is the same for the children.  If you will be able to take admission in the coming time then this hairstyle threat will also be given tuition in coaching of first second third fourth matters which I said this thing will make you a little angry Sale at home not at home History for first I can't believe these children Mummy, is it possible to study at home, I am sending mummy, I also cook food, I do n't even sew clothes, mummy is a girl, not a child, the facilities of the year are increasing, becoming profitable, airplane.  Mode of Laggi will stop searching for you You will have to be rich from rich houses For this play people from rich houses High society Gurgaon I will help you Have been very from him Limited Ne Small cities but you have rich people Harold Ko Qurbaniyan Kunjilal must have  All will be you very spot c good good English speaking type teacher is with work patience in dealing his he wash the child this is doing this operation head in a slot  Teacher's Juice Good Money You Can Make Patti 240 Se Z Rupees Were Released In India T20 Addiction Nursery KG LPG For Second Grade Nobody Asks Teacher That Picture Side Effects Nobody Asks And That Spoon Is That Exam 210 Patna She Owns Photo Bank Teachers  His energy levels are very good and he is a very trained teacher. In foreign countries, teachers of small classes earn a lot of money. Yes, we get coffee, select this thing, you people, you are the subject of social science, any of your subject which aims like English, not towards Hindi, something vote Unit-2 There is no teacher in this, admit card, that teacher behind the grid which is in his  Knows everything about the subject very well. Like this. First Interview Panel Scientist and Matters I have come to me. You have come and you are this trick teacher. Friends, it is not necessary for you to be a teacher in such a teacher. Mohenjodaro, do you also know the modern history? Do you know when did Gandhiji's marriage event take place and the battle of 1767? Your patrol activity in history teacher is boxing, do you know that? Okay, Bakhtar Championship was held in Ashraf-ul-Haq and how did it happen in Mirzapur?  What did the villagers what did Clive do that if you want some more time if the opposition and yes okay that's the number of oppositions down there were different time Python that  Stolen in Punjab in the morning I did not know about half an inch of that sage not a single teacher also no baby monitors ok but will not carry garlic point mintu is ok many people are joking that if the speaker is the basis then keep meeting that  Match us, find that time, whatever your subject may be, take a firm grip on it, I have not talked about the subject too deeply, carefully so that you can come back better than the 1950 Bengal partition. This balance year of 1947 is a retail pack, you become its master, I tell you, your Bajirao Ravi is your IAS coaching, what will you do with these people? They are subject teachers and have given us micro subjects as is used in MBBS.  MD plus and super super specialty so he will just give you that treatment. Don't come to him from anyone but he has master there yesterday, teachers here, you people become lethargic at times. I noticed that now little by little you  The subject's dog barks but stops after seeing it. Treat him well and then make a video of that subject. Become so familiar with that subject, make a video and then send it to these thank you friends and send them to Unacademy Boeing and then they will go to that offering. Tell us this and you will do it every time.  I am a teacher outside, I am the teacher of seventh class, I am this children-adults lesson number one, next year again partner number 15 number two was shifting, the researcher of the story saw the video, you are the one who got up, hi dad.  Predicting Gulab Schools in Five Years Even in the School Yusuf David Big Guide You Like Listen carefully you me now listen carefully ok there are 165 teachers you are ok among you Kumar has one teacher from Jammu who is the master of the match he is behind me  Okay, one more teacher from you has joined me as a reminder of history. I have to hire 10 teachers. I live in Gurgaon and opened a school in my village.  A school of two glasses and two rooms opened, okay, I said, you get admitted, today we will give you this number and give you a sample of how to study at your home, I will take you to the best teacher of Jammu, ah, I am the history teacher of Bangalore.  If there is a school in the village then if there is a shot inches in it then existence is there Vestige Vestige an All World Channel Special 26 Teacher has extra energy so he comes sometime earlier 11:00 the subject is taught not the device madam  An SMS is sent from the school that madam is very good, this is welcome, a very good glow can increase so much, it is ready, the rest of the time is English, so how much should we read from the star artists, boy died and night toe to bear, celebrate teachers and justine henin third  Village Arvind, who teaches the subject, is beating the best way in the school. Private will be the first, find a school from Ludhiana, suicide will be made here, come down, I told you, I am running the test match. Mistry is not ignorant of education but mine is packed, that is a mistake, tomorrow I will tell the review partner in it, tomorrow I will put a possible cent, I will get it done, the line is as it is, if I go to its residential tower, I will get the option of sharing the towers standing in it.  I will do it, this has to happen, it has been endowed, it had to pass 15 years, these people, that Rakshabandhan will happen, now how are the school people saving you, nothing, we are worried, children, we make bread.  That children should come on turmeric networks, let's take interest, what is the duty of an accountant and are you celebrating Sunday, what percentage of your meetings are being cancelled, and the proceedings can be 19 pimples water, I will try to make you people a head clerk, this has to be their duty.  That's what if you start working from today my who will release the work much faster valley when you some talk venues Bank of the Species page and this weight  And reduced pain but proper in power due and this is why I am teacher in charge with ₹10 Mohammed Rafi tell me any buddy can even som new then it was of devotees and venues for annual you treat your kid like audience and you have enough power  Brothers and sisters, today I am going to tell you and your life will change, at this time the Ruchi ji is performing fine or say 3G but the problem is friends, power on yellow. Believe in doing very well and have any feelings like Pingleshwar Ashwani should attract and vote which you will see Divya will do IS make ok some quota vaccine time you have got industry complaint ringtone so ₹ 2 crore teacher monk 12 lakh four  Lakh people understand 10 different wars in just this time, good morning madam, it is okay here, so water, whey, Lakhan Dhak, not lineage or direction.  To Record Yogesh Shukla And See How Far From And Your Wits I Want You Very Good IT Implements Yogic Tell Me Weather After People Did n't Enjoy It Cotton If Twenty Minutes Before IT Hindu Muslim Christian Songs Interrupted Aap Log Kya Karuna That  Wherever you live, try to start from tomorrow, find four teachers, your friends, whoever taught you English students, Hindi anyone.  The subject could be soil or someone's faith, wherever you live, you tell all the poor people living there, will we teach your children on Sunday and we will make four messages for three to four hours, this is our  There is a subject and it is an important stop village and we will take its fees and it will be a piece of Rs.200, I will tell us that this is Baiju's doing and endeavor charging two but I don't tell are the not Exact Dabur is not taking the name of the company but that is the tampering process. Yes, 65 crores, so you get 200 rupees here, okay, it is on social service, send something else for the money, Hi Gayi Value, will not do it for free, ever have knowledge, now I also send, play the game.  I am telling you again and again that you have to behave morally that you have to subscribe me 5 to 10 times, you have to fast this Sunday as you wish, I have pressed the subscribe button, you have to do that.  If you want to see Guru Dakshina, then you will give what I have told you, it will feel like a medicine, it does not feel like a medicine, there is a feeling in it, so I am sure that tell me my fees, if you give, then you will benefit, then give ₹ 100 to you people.  You will see that 10 20 people are late, 33 further, you have become 6000, out of six thousand, four teachers will be able to make a cup of tea for one and a half thousand, but you see further how the story would have been, you have taken the area, keep listening to my channel.  The name is Sangola Express and the channel is on the recorder. Well, okay, I will share it with a warm WhatsApp number. Okay, this is my channel. Okay, this is my channel. Just cut, copy and paste it. Okay, listen carefully.  50 children were taken away and made to use it for the poor and we have done it. Now what you have to do is to take everyone digital. Everyone has to have a mobile. In the mobile phone, it is telling you the UPI ID type, okay you. different knowledge  Also, that money is transferred to a woman, after increasing it, you and other people are also not there but tell them that brother, you will get it on the phone, this is the class, here, I will tell you about the life processes that delay rumination or increase.  It is ₹ 10, you have to transfer it, then new 5h, then all this but you can have 2018 do the year and edit here Sanjeev Bill Social Service of Music Playlist No. 1 Hindi Means Demography Ko Karna Hai Main Bhi Plate  Now I will make mine 4500 by pressing the join button, if I keep ₹ 15 each then divide it among the people, if we are late on the loot, he is not enjoying, he will not understand that on your part, that child does not have any problem in Trichy, not only studies, he How to keep it clean, how to make it a routine, how much can you teach, where the rich people and their children have such default settings and the very poor people, you do not encourage them.  And wow ₹ 10 are late, you are a poor man, it is okay, his child goes into an explosion while recognizing his value, it is not like this, it is what he did not want to do, very early in the morning, the school has to clear his doubts and do all the right things for him.  You have taught me some English speaking in MS Word, I have made it a little slow by a little percentage, when you enjoy it very much, dedicated, when you can see the meaning of war, that two knots behind you at the time of English.  Hindi Toolkit P Limited Cow and Vindhya Region Computer Subject and Gimme History Me Metro English Micromet Bhaiya You know a lot about life, you will become a Guru, then when you will bring those children a testament like this, till then you can play, people can go to the line  Contribute to Joe Root and forward expansion support Name of Scientist Class Tenth Class Pick some good name Hindi name Good evidence Police training related Nothing good fancy Anju Initially for 2 minutes and in the morning  Duty will be imposed, where does that doli go, what are you doing, friend, what are you doing by wasting time, does it increase the poor and there is no Munisa, you cannot make 250 free from the poor, hey brother, fear in the body, Tanwar, die for free, don't understand it's turned value will.  Not come yet Sunday and free, not Bigg Boss, big government, when even rice gets subsidized and becomes difficult, voting doesn't pass completely free, tell me the record of the flag. Keeping Kitna KG Gaya for free, if you do n't know anything then graduate in Rs.200 to fans Rafi and WhatsApp friends, you will give Rs.300 to no person for a year and you will get wedding value of wicket wedding value inside this fort moment witch starts from.  And would you want you to make time war class roti doob equal than mother also heart that child in were you meeting some coins Because if he does not become educated, then maintain the same setting in this year class, we are also Akshay, you are teaching your children now, just like I am teaching you, we are some kind of husband and wife in English education, then when he has a child tomorrow, you will teach him this.  You are rating that point of yours in a month and how much you connect and not the digit. You can't connect at the moment. How do you think? Pay account is taken from South India connected to the 65th line of mine. Connected from Kashmir to Kanyakumari, I have added you. Physically, those people have just reached there digitally and scientists, Redmi people and Baiju people, you can comment on it. Ultimately, you clear their country that you feel okay. Director Writer Price Number Sonu should have it.  So at this time courts have something like this and work hand in the wedding till teachers OA went to 60 in the first four I didn't pass now will happen children are increasing dialysis  The flower left behind will echo, this idea is above the whole. Eighth, just tell someone. Send a positive to my father-in-law. My father-in-law will be insulted that Idea can't be done for anyone first. If I left and share the election then the table is that person then that typing is it. This is possible, what does it feel like in the beginning? In the beginning, the hunger increases and you people don't become leaders, I am the demand increasing brothers and sisters, now I am on duty, please subscribe my channel.  Subscribe to: Okay, let's go to the Bluetooth settings, we will keep increasing, you will come after 20 minutes, if you guys create a password, then you 15 15 subscribe to the tree, if you like my increase, then my hard work has paid off, no, which lion is now? You normal people will come to my mind today or was not very clear that a great teacher teacher I am telling you that you people have to put your mind to earn money.  You have to make a recording, you have to sell the recording, tomorrow you can say it as yours, I have made a very good one on the solar system, please give it in it, overcome the restrictions, son, these days, digital aarti is on Paytm, that don's part and part, such a system can be yours, court and father.  This is going to be ₹ 10. It seems good to me as per the system that you just earned it today to your husband. Creative Unlimited. If you like this topic, please talk about it. Vinod, if you get hit then Mohammad.  S.A. Half polythene is such a shine that Commissioner Chau's is fine, this egg frustrates and does well, till now there may be something of our own, Amitabh Bachchan will come, file that mic, he will become Bigg Boss, your favorite servant, every man has his own thing, very good pick, that  Milk the thing only the phone now he will give it by getting up and the director is the teachers say is the crush now in waiting for a who on YouTube so as we meet digital we meet on this YouTube twitter so that is his me  How much does Amit say about me? What do you say? I am my father who got the number opposite to him but he became the most popular. Now the subject is the winner subject of JET. His daughter is the answer for every paper but after getting up, she became so expert because of that, 23 marks are under your control. Remove for became so famous when the question what are the subjects to beauty in all different triangles the subject is this like this pan is more so and this Showing cooking from different angles, telling the story in different ways, this picture can be done like this, you understood everything, okay, everyone decided that I am a government teacher and I am taught, okay, then you have to see, you are the best.  Don't do phone calls, do n't consider you a pack, you earn money, you are a government teacher to the extent that you are a government teacher, you are not given tuition alarm, it is difficult because both are non-government, it is not allowed.  Now go out government doctor, see this, do not send him out of the government office, okay, if someone does something wrong while coming, then history, he will leave these flames, I am there, that is why the government gives disaster money, Walmart, Tesco, so that you wish, not to the government doctor.  With practice serials so that they can do it, it is okay but the state, you have to see whether you can record yourself, whether your affection can increase, whether you can test it, are you satisfied with this Priya Tyagi ji, will the government let you study for free?  refuses  She may not be asking for votes for poor children, what does she do, she can't but Priyanka will go if you have to check this account number on Sunday and if you are teaching them something without money then who will stop you if you are Facebook.  But capping is yours, why do you post it on social media and you say that whoever else is getting the money is frustrated or you yourself are spending it for free, you understand, now I cannot give you chartered accountancy advice, stay in the play list.  how are you  Maybe if the work is fine, then your friend teacher who is a private teacher has been there before, if you give service, then first you will have something for your purse, she will fit you in a saree, okay, we will bring you something, we will also give you oil, opening puck questions is okay and in the weekend.  top recording