That Hello friends, today's video as he speaks, I have brought a report card at the time of election, this is the kind of video which will use the new concept management for the first time in real estate when the call is my self number one real estate clarity and so what  What is the response, what is the concept, above that I will tell you all, stay connected till the end, maybe not very big, but there will be good arrangements, there will be some good interesting things for the subscribers, which will increase the relaxation.  For you, you watch it till the end and in this I will also ask you to give me a number, so there are about 10 things which I feel I have done very well, on them you can give me a number from the show.  So you can give any number as if there is a strong control, that is the best, the bill is not a copy, zero, you know what, then where you want to give the number in between, because in India, if the teacher comes and asks the number from the student, how much will it cost?  good read  If yes then India's education system can be changed, here only feature number is given, anything is given is fine and people are worried, if you ever get a chance then today I am giving you a chance and in that I am telling you the concept if you have open  Services Subscribe If you haven't heard all of them, then you will go and read the videos and for those who have heard, there is a revision for them. The biggest concept that I have brought in real estate apart from this is that real estate is the biggest thing in our life.  The biggest ticket price in the country is the purchase price and there is very little awareness on it. People spend much more than what they spend on education, on every education, on marriage, on having a child, on travelling, on buying a car.  It involves huge expenditure and in a way it is also irreversible. Once the decision is taken, you are stuck and the money has gone somewhere. It is not like we can deliver the car to you, the material could have been better, the paan is worth Rs 10 lakhs only.  Like, there is no awareness here in these 13 channels of national literacy, there are many channels, it is too late, very good, it is necessary to do the best, but in the stock market, very few people invest Rs. 1.5-2.5 crores. Well, in mutual funds too, very few invest by typing.  If we apply it slowly, then this is one, I came up with this subject, I am fine, so this is what I want to know from you guys, whether this is what I achieved, how much did I achieve, gather everyone and give you Someshwar number, on the second thing on which  I am very happy that is that I am on My One Construction, a new construction has come in India since two-four years and the technology has shifted, now the affordable housing ones are also being strengthened, the inquiry accident has happened and the awareness I have on this has already flown.  And now I have to do a lot more awareness on this, so this one second fee, when the score did not say this, there was pressure, don't speak, don't speak, this will be visible from the Malkhan, but many were typed and many more.  His fast was also big and many people made counter types of it that they would not be able to stop it. Such videos were also made but I made people aware from my side. Many people became aware. It made a lot of difference in the market. It made a lot of difference to me.  Those who do not belong to the common people, who did not have the power to crush her, it is okay on my own strength, but first I had to tell the people that see, a jewel and an idea is being shifted, at that time no one can stop that work.  If Kodak who was he thought  Or not, I will keep walking and these digital cameras will come and nothing will happen to him, that is the enemy mentality, so they try to force him like me and make him move quickly. If that awareness had to come anyway, then it is okay, then this one second agility.  The third thing is that I have put the concept of time mille property, that is a very good video of mine, many people have understood it, but those who understand the timeless property that a property like Taj Mahal cannot be thanked, then no one can understand it.  City  In Pan India, if you can see such a location, how can you give property in that place, that thing cannot be built again, for example, you have a high rise in Chandni Chowk, today, it is something good for you, it is an idea, it is not a place, okay, so it is  That such a place cannot be created in Gurgaon, there are four-five such, okay, I have made separate videos on them too, now go to the video section and see, this is my Lucknow, then I have created a concept and Introduced that the real estate that has to be bought is note comment decision only man will give money, man will give money but woman has the right of bittu, mother has it, wife has it, it is okay and you should make them do the same and the same. Because many people are very worried, the man himself goes, he visits the site, makes Rochelle, makes a payment plan, does everything, then when it comes to the final day of tax, he takes whatever he wants so that the samples can be collected. Seeing the flat, she rejects it in a second and the hard work goes waste. So I have done everything I can to spread awareness to the ladies and I say this every time in every webinar, Is it a woman? Is your wife not cooking food at home at this time, children?  I did n't sit anything with Shoot Me Ahead and Cheese Food Stalls and I also tell many people about the subscribers through you, so my percentage of subscribers was 34 in the beginning.  Five percent and that of women has now increased to 22 23 cents, still less than 75 percent oil on the table. I want you to give your voice, please give this video and return the money from all the husbands of my channel who are subscribers of my channel.  If it happens then it is not a big deal because the knowledge and conviction of both the husband and wife should be together because the husband can make crores and spend two crores and the wife  If you are not happy, then that too is one of Kuru's channel, increasing happiness is also one. Today, I have only concepts which are related to real estate, rest of my concepts, you have been very good on these subjects too, on job, on marriage, mental models, mother, remind, set apart.  -It's okay on different topics but if I want to discuss only about real estate then please make your wife a subscriber and together let's spread awareness so that the buffalo can be destroyed soon.  The idea of ​​rejecting something does n't seem right to me, so I went into this world in a series, let's find a solution, okay, where can I get it, then this one seems to me, I did awareness about affordable housing, then I did awareness about suitable housing for a long time.  People used to think that this is an EWS thing, after that when it came digitally on your portal, it made a difference, but six, seven, eight months before that, I had created awareness at the hotel. Yasmin discovered products and yes I think I applied awareness in this and told these people that it is a good work for me. If you people want to judge me, then who?  I am telling you things, you have to give me the numbers and I told this thing that then on a commercial it was on a default setting that brother, the commercial will give 6%, the commercial will give, everything will be given.  Gives and it was a gospel thing, everyone thought that this is it, I broke it, that base was removed, it has benefited many people, especially the one who is a retail investor, especially the one who is in job, especially the one who comes from the small state of Haryana, who says That and go to Gurgaon, respectively, we will have a very bright family and they have a lot of money left, where the children, unknowingly influenced by someone, reject the money of their parents and waste it. How come they are like this, it is okay where the father is not there and  If there is a mother and there is a son of the mother, then the mother will obey the words of the son. Text This thing happened, then if he is a rich man and he makes money from a helicopter, he is a factory, how to put this in the commercial, then he is the time not concerned, after that I made the cover myself. Made a video of live investment to show people that this can also be done in the commercial. Investment way renewal has to actually be in the commercial. This is great.  For Object Use Note 4 Step Bye Bye Sweet A Pass Squealer My Audience Retail Audience Ad Chennai Till Uneasiness Also Retaliate High Net Worth Individual Brett Lee He Looks Very Sexy And Looks Good He's Engaged Disciple It's Engaged Late  Fill out text related to Somebody Make T Act Let Me Take That Juice Out Of By Going Through It In Form Of Real Estate Investment Keep Three Videos  But also include this concept, I have introduced it, more work is ahead on this, if the marks are good then the moral will be that yes friend, you are telling these things one after the other, one after the other, we have all done this.  See, after that I told a different concept that you should not get worried about the average price of any place, this is the average price of the road, the days of Spice are gone, Rs 10,000 will fit in the place on the road, even six thousand will be 8 because 1204 will also be affordable housing, 4200 or next to it will be 14200 desi, this variation happens in Mumbai market and here now it is ahead depending on the density and that I also told the parameters such concept that first of all density is Madhavan, brand is brand.  I introduced the value of 'Other wise' in Gurgaon market, all donkeys, horses and lame horses are all equal. And after doing that, it made a difference, now I told you and the thing that I had spread was the playlist Cars and Rates, that was my video about Dwarka Expressway, the reads that I had read 8-9 months ago, that this Diwali, there will be so many rates.  If you have already hit, then a review video is also made of that target which has already been hit, then that one is told and that separately you call me Sangola, this landed student, be the first one.  Gya concept, tell me so much, now I will bring Krishna tips which remained buried in my stomach in consultancy, now I will give them a little free audience also but I will try my best to do that, you please rear 300 units of electricity, free water, free, some videos will have to be free with concentration. Okay, if people want to do it for free, because the fun is like this, then I will also do it for free, okay, I will tell you. Okay, then you want to do such new concepts which you will see yourself because it is said that there are many things in life.  If someone is there to show you, then you need something like astrology, a light that awakens the light of God, where when you strike the light, the thing is visible, then it is the one that gives light as to what is happening. If you want, then please write a new concept in the comment section. Write a new concept, if you feel like it, write these C's, write NC New Se New Quick Consistency, and give me the numbers on time. If the numbers come in the comment section, I will get feedback from my teacher like this.  And it is okay to give it after thinking carefully, there is no need to give even a hundred, and you do not need to give zero, it is okay, whatever realistic you want to keep, I want a feedback, it is okay, genuine feedback, and this is something tainted, I have introduced. Linked to real estate is relationship, I made a lot of dots that from now on marriage is a real estate department, how is this marriage going, mother-in-law and daughter-in-law linked to real estate, became very fast about these things, what?  Real estate comes and checks like this, what to think, hey brother, real life, down to earth leader, height works in a life is your brain works, it's ok, so people thanked you a lot, job also 70% 80%, subscribe service and mails are ok.  Am requesting all this people want to request royals also to become subscribe because I will explain to you if you understand wife then in that  There is some loss, there is transmission loss, so if the wife also listens by connecting directly, both of them listen to the source, then both can discuss. I am not saying that the wife has to agree to everything, you have to agree, but I would have forbidden the basis of topics.  The benefit of discussion on that topic is that I have also set wear message, now I have told you that this thing unites you, so you can check it on Google, otherwise you are new, that thing unites you, okay, recency bamboo.  What happens now by recency? Now if you Google it, you will get to know everything about it, but before this you did not know that there is something after doing relationship 22. For that, if the thing does not have history, then it does not type on Google, only if you  And below the chest, if you do Recency 22, Recency etc. What is amazing is that what has happened just a few days ago, that makes your decision, then this is a small laptop of SSC 22 that if you Google it, it will be very useful.  It is a big concept, so it also brought mental models, but I will not discuss the second series right now, I would like from you that the report card will be the best on my real estate. Thank you, A.