That Hello friends, job series video number nine job series is going very well, in video number 8 I knew the timelines, if you have to leave the job, then different types of people leave the job at different times, I had said that if I have 200  Likes will come, which is next, so I will make a video about what you should not do [Music] Many people have subscribed for the job, what do I have to do, I am not able to quit the job, quit, quit, I will make videos about what to do but their  Get subscribed, what should be done, what should not be done, today I have brought those points for you, point number 90 is negotiable that you do not have to do it, you do not have to do it, and even among the top ones, if  If you mostly follow the device, then this date will also be much much better prepared. First of all, whenever you have got the job till now, two years to four years ago, many people have 10.  It must have been 15 years and for many the dress must have been 1520. You must have seen this and understood that Yadav is a Navami who is going to work. You will have to leave the job because of the situation. It will be like this that he has been employed for four years only, which he feels like without a job. Not that I will ever have to leave, maybe I won't have to but at the age of 15, she will have to move on from life because if she does the things that I am going to say no to, then one day she will not leave.  If you are able to leave, then the first thing that I have told you is that whatever plans you have in your life, do not make them according to the sixteen years of your life, make them according to the 55s, you appoint him as a cricket match referee, subscribe to them as per your wish.  Reduce it, do not add extra, this is the first thing, please do not make it second, whenever you buy a house, what you consider below your means, the first thing is that according to me, every person is within his means. In all the consultations, everyone does 1920 and says that the appointed person is going to leave the job, which I will do, after this you will get the job. 24340 The Golden Bat Figure is also there, tell that too, so if you have to leave, then if you have any doubt.  Sixteen again good one will come depend one and what is the calculation of settlement of your children then it is getting pure different how do not go for something very difficult to impress were  People, you will not get freedom again, remember this thing, the women in it, they trap the girls, whether they grow up, the Chinese kitchen is not a little bigger, I don't want to grow a little more, Guru, the children come out, neither does the woman travel with MP Ne Syndrome, she  also side effects logical i do n't know how many people know this committee has syndromes so be very careful about them third thing car ji you drive minimum 15 years and will buy more than twice in your job tree i absolutely  Said no, take it from me, don't take even one, wash it because I will tell you that it will be needed, take a part in something slightly different and upgrade it, telefilm people should leave this and then the pain and sorrow of a job in the appointed life. Whatever you meet, people think that if they get posting in a government job, then they would not make money. This job is very bad. Subscribe. Those engaged in government jobs, I see someone else in them, that just to show off, there is a difference in a good job. different competition to you  You have to work very hard, that is from the age of 17 18 years. In your childhood, your father and mother have given you a Jalandhar, that comes out after 27 28 30 years. If you spend something like this, then you have to be mindful about it. Don't do this. 34 This fifth thing is very important.  You do n't have to make friendship in your work circle. Let me tell you all these things which you don't have to do. Wherever you work, you do n't have much friendship there.  There should be this control, it will seem very intuitive, many people will also protest on this and say what is he saying, then I am telling you the same thing, when you want freedom, then there is no benefit in having more friendship with you than what has been indicated, which is in other places.  Friendship: Make friends with the people outside who are doing foster work. Now people will remain here. Hey, this is a big selfie. If you want to progress in life, then you will have to think a little about yourself because on the job, you will be talking about the job, the same porter.  to you at home  We see him at home, we go to his house, we talk to him, it is very natural, it is easy to do, but earlier times were different, these days, my friend, your friendship is because of technology, you can drag-flick, there is no need to leave that last time.  Friends, every time I have got an elephant every day, it has become sustainable. Friends, otherwise I am a van tense. Today, in these diverse fields, in diverse places, issues, BPTP bridge, Dubai giving, that things end.  Knowledge that will come to you when your turn comes to stop chanting, ideals will come through them. What is happening in the world, that is why there is a lot of enthusiasm for the government servants. They keep roaming around in different places. Do n't know what else there is of worldliness in small towns.  Those who are government servants and are working in different departments should not keep friendship among themselves that they came on Friday and had a Daru Peeli party and then on Saturday they are going to each other's house. And that's it, then what happens in it, office politics, it is a spiral, you don't have to do it in D, and whoever has to do it, then you will definitely get marriage with the job, in 20 years, something went wrong with me, now I have to do it.  You will not be able to leave, then because you have invested some of your life's time here instead of investing it, then the sixth point I am telling you is that you should not go for speculative opportunities in life, no matter how well you understand the meaning of trust.  I don't want you to buy, let me invest without you, you will not go broke. Investment is very important, but in investment, the person who is employed, if you were stuck, then your journey goes only that far. If you don't laugh, it means it's something.  Like, you got out while trying to hit a six and in the second place you could have scored a decent run by taking a single single single, then it makes you very happy and what is that, that is where the benefit of friendship is.  When you listen to the people doing your job, the number of innovations and friendships you have made in the same circle are equally important to you or how intelligent he or she is to you, then people will do the decision-making within the earthquake and people in the meeting phase will be in huge numbers.  People are very confident in me that remember Ashok did it there, Ravi did it there, Rohit also did it, Abhishek also did it, she also dreams of doing everything in the office, I also do it, so people are confused.  They laugh that many of them are affected by their family relations. You don't know whether his father is going to give him all his wealth and wealth, whether he will leave it as his own or whether he is an ass or he is so much, why do n't I even want to leave, this is more, Shawn Possibilities Oily Food  Should Not Get Speculative After that comes a Yagya, some people will feel the seventh point, you should not get intoxicated, if you want to do this then you have to do very less as many people get intoxicated by alcohol, cigarettes and whatever.  Do this kind of drugs and take it regularly, do it, enjoy it, do not lose your job, this is a very big thing that I am telling you, so if you do it then it will not break with you, now there are many reasons for this, I will do that in my mind.  This video will be made, if you want it, then tell me what will happen if you get addicted to the videos too. Anything can be fast, the requirement keeps increasing and that green of your recording, that job, this safety net, that salary.  It is okay and on Friday, your self-growth ends when you indulge in intoxication and that fear starts to arise. It is okay that the one who indulges in bondage becomes frustrated, his talk with image system does not remain normal, then he will remember his speech.  The things also seem to be of a different kind, it goes into the system only then and CK Naidu is fine, then it is very important, if not school and you can reduce this point, then the story is your problem and yours then it seems.  Crying, you will not get freedom again in grinding mill, after that comes the eighth point, do not waste the time of your life, do not call last Saturday, Sunday, how do you utilize it? It is normal, just like in jobs, that too will be taken from you, employers are cut, I am government, 6 whether.  Private job, whatever I am, government, whatever player I am in life, it's his time, don't give me too much time, it is my right to give so much that when the internet starts thinking, we are moving ahead, give me. Going towards you will feel that quieter than you 19 not quite 15 16 meaning for the sake of alcohol 1920 who were far below you will be doing well developed not mean that kind of modern age it is gold which children are looking like four  -After five years in it, if you see the prepared value in it then these goods were admitted to push it comes because I definitely believe that getting a job is not easy if you  If you are going for a job and you are getting a good job, that means there is something in you, then this is competition. Tomorrow there will be a different kind of competition [music] here, know that due to stress, people will want to do more jobs. I am mine.  I am targeting the middle class audience. If you are the son of an officer, she is the daughter and you are becoming an officer, then you are not making any progress. You have to remember this thing that you will be as happy as a lower class family when their child earns ₹ 1.  that is the arrangement  The whole family comes up and subscribe to this channel, a lot of people go to subscribe and if you are there and if you become this opportunity then it will become a topic that will not come in your life. This is the point 9 when the skin gets promoted.  You will run after respect in job, you will lose your job, you will get promotion, that is a different thing, but if you are longing for that, then appreciation and promotion are such things that you will get it and after meeting. Even after this, your life will not be shattered which you wanted because you can openly express interest to people in whatever positions you have, because what if you are an employee or have people in seniority, then they cannot talk to me openly.  When it comes to him, I am very experienced and very much you have to say this thing with utmost responsibility that he will talk only in his own circle, there is a feeling of knowing what is very very much that and  At this stage, they also start realizing that brother, they have become this but there is no such thing as hand and permanency, that is why you would have seen people feeling on, it has been years, then give an extension, give two years, give four, give one post.  Two things hanging here, we go away from ourselves, we go away from ourselves because of the one who gives us understanding, because of this we go away, if we don't understand then it is very dangerous and the light does not keep going on in emptiness, my belief is this.  It is very important to have a job but as much  It is important to do a job. I am speaking for the metro tracks and the country. It is equally important to leave the job on time. It is not necessary to keep it as a king. It is not necessary for him to leave the job. He has to leave the job as a witch and sit at home. I hope the details are clear.  Okay, because in the next videos, till that Sharma Tenth, my most important point is that you should not keep your wife as a housewife, if you have a job of your own, if you are a White House wife, you will never lose your job. Now people.  They will say that it has been 15 years of ours, now on that side, whenever you leave the job, whatever time it is, you should minimum 5 years before that, to subscribe, not working, working job means any work, on their women too. I have a lot of what can be done, if all that starts happening then you go out on it [Music] Subscribe I believe that in a good school, if the teacher in a school is a lady, then she also allows her husband to get a job.  After leaving Vikas Stents, if you are earning 35-40,000 income and if it is more than that, then you become dependent on whether you are in a government job, will not get pension, will get front leave, will get planetary leave or are in a private job, even those with private jobs 42 43  Is the Age of Baroda Time with this on something yes, it will be in the next video, I want to make it in two videos, how did you like this one? Please request in the comment section.  If you like it then write in the comments which two I want to make in the next video. Now tell me which of the two do you want. You want both. Firstly, why should a government job be bypassed? What is meant by middle class children?  I have not passed the tea experience, there is a lot of reliance, I have reason with you, I am the middle class children of the government job, if we are middle class, then our middle class children should not even go to you for government job and that is not so.  He will be very disappointed in life  And that will be a kind of fail year, so you all have to watch this video and the second video will tell you what are the things that you have to do if you want to be welcomed in job ES, I will take it slowly because in this  The work will not be done in one video, first you have to clear the mindset, then you have to do a lot of preparation, that is why I wanted to make it in the first video that I should tell these 10 things, if you people will add good likes and true fits in it, I will continue.  The  The game of series and series is to take you towards happiness in life and to play towards clarity. Thank you.