That Hello friends, today's topic is Iron of Inheritance in India, this is a very fresh topic, nothing has been created anywhere, the original content is Iron is the word, you can Google it and see its exact Hindi gold. Listen to Iron of Inheritance, what is happening in India right now. Also, 50 years ago, when we got married, we used to become fathers, at the age of twenty-five to twenty-six, we used to become fathers at less than average speed and at twenty-five to twenty-six,  You used to become a father in a year, 50 years ago, you used to become a father at 30, 25 years ago, you used to become a father at 27, 28. Today, we will go with Satish, it is okay that we are getting a little late in the middle, okay, so if the father of 85 years.  If he is a grandfather then the father is of one year old and his son is of 33233 years old. If it seems ok, then notice the happenings because life expectancy will increase in India.  The irony is that the father gives the assets to his child when he has to leave, then he decides how he will become and when the father gets it in 60 years, then now he decides and that until  If you don't turn 85 then you don't get the next one, that means no waking up generation is able to enjoy the wealth. There is a number lying somewhere to enjoy it. I know you are sitting on a property worth Rs. 7, 8, 10, 12 crores.  And  The grandson who is 30 years old is spending his morning and evening at his job of Rs. 29000. Now this is iron, now there is no answer to this, a course topic will also be made on it, a sequel will also come, I am telling about it first because it will be a very long video. But let me tell you the problem, if that 30 year old child, who got some things like his father in a year and he has close friends, then you, that 30 year old child, will be his friend or thing in his life or you will do well.  This will be a great job, it won't shatter, if she is not settled then she herself has the feeling of being a loser and father also feels that he doesn't know what she likes or is not worth it, then that SMS is of no use to her.  Neither can he be trusted so much that he does n't know, get him admitted in the skin because he has been branded as a person who doesn't know much, is not able to earn money right now and the one who is earning money.  who has a good job  There is a good salary, there is a sensor inside that child, come to the tambul, the property that belongs to me, father, let him decide, I am not a Big B, both are wrong, both are wrong, what should be done in both the situations, it should be based on that.  There will be discussion too, okay but this is iron because I say this if you are a father and your earned money or your interpretation of will given to you, if you cannot keep your fruit close, cannot keep it sour, then it is for you.  A, I have done a big thing because the middle class believes in exit and hence, we increased it and wrote that now the only thing we could have done was give me the best education. A video will be made on this. This is give you not give the best education. Witch resides in India. There is a Mukhi and it has to be taken in other ways, but that is another day and another topic of discussion. Don't hit the exit too soon. Don't run away. There is a very deep video in it. If you understand it, you will get pain.  Many people will be on this side depending on you. Someone's heart will be broken, he will also feel pain and someone will feel that this is what I am talking about. How are my videos, will they feel that by talking about us? I know that there are many people who do not know, but those I know feel that we should make videos, otherwise there is someone so special in my life that I make videos only for them, I make videos only for the public, but sometimes this happens.  It is possible that someone may be known to him  If there is a life situation which matches with my video, then he feels that okay, you are making my video, if 5 to 10,000 views of the video are received, then you make this thing for the public, listen carefully to the thing that is acid of yours.  There are types where there is sentimental value, that is, there is a video of mine about children's old money can set up, the video is in the intellectual top ten, the video is in the intellectual top ten, the video is in the intellectual top ten and the video is made for hours, if you understand.  So your inheritance dilemma will be solved. This is a deep video. There are 25 prints of a man. You must watch it. Okay, so we have to keep our brood close to the fruit family with our money. Have you ever seen a boy from a rich family, does n't he go and work somewhere else? Does he have any light? Mukesh Ambani ji 's children do not have stars. To go to Switzerland or to Sweden, to go there in English. The prostitute did the work to set up there, she doesn't know whether she is coming or not, tell me. Now you have to see that if you speak, it is not going, then you will see that it will go away without the children because it is completely overloaded with the newly retired children, go now and it will be more empty than saying anything else and further-  In the future, the life expectancy that has increased will become the biggest risk in life. There will be less generation in life. Go to 7573 to refresh because it is yours which makes you feel that you are not going to do something. Along with the video, a very good exact template, if you want all the chords, I threw a stone at a beehive, because if the elders were distracted, what to do while living, like, the child will take the house to commercial, someone will do his business, this is for money.  Our ghagra does n't look like it lasts and then even my wife won't talk to me. My wife is six years younger and has lived six years longer, so she is 12 years old and no one in the family has ever got anything after her. And that wife also doesn't know that this is Vestige, no best, right now your father is not there, Mirchi, so I will not send it, later you also see, don't want to go, where India went, one generation is waiting for another generation to go, brother, you go.  Why don't you sell something, these things are coming and happening, you do n't have to sit like this on the road, and there are many places which were not even yours, but you also inherited them.  Then he will say to you: Okay, Grandpa, go away soon, Dad, this is a very dark comedy, it will distract you, but it would have brought time too, because whatever video I had made, let me tell Amitoj, you just think, I am also a relative of mine.  I will also have a circle of friends, I will also have people who know me and if my circumstances are like this then I too will be looked at and judged. The cost of cat that I am doing a social reform movement or that talking.  What everyone wants to do in the family but no one is sitting at the table doing anything, whether it is the father who is sitting with this, the grandfather who is the judge, keeping the year and not the PM, Master Blaster has done the test versus list, new hits 31 something in your body. Some diseases come from Chakli, you feel that there is not much solution, there is a feeling in the districts, whose parents you are inside or you are there, you get such a feeling, medical science and system are broken, you get it till a tiffin inch.  Will stretch you by taking pills and strengthening you, but Yogi will play a different innings, think about it, you have done a lot of work from 25 to 5525 to 60 years, at 35, earned money and spent it, fulfilled all the responsibilities, 60950 and from 35 years to 125 633 years, so much. And from 60 to 1950, there is nothing to do, nothing to do, only that life has to be lived, then if there is no money in that.  Euromoney It seems that on retirement many people feel that the government has given option on the group, they consider themselves very rich, I am not trying to humiliate you, I am explaining one thing that I am taking the name of the group because the condition of BCD will be worse than these because  They are at a lower level than him but I am of the group that tell the truth, I got Rs. 1 crore on retirement, but they understand what to do with it and I am telling you that these crores will have no value, today you also know that you cannot buy a plot of 100 yards.  If you get a plot of one more yard at some place in Delhi-NCR then it is okay for retirement and he had understood that Sutak did not know what to do with it, as if he gets a pension of Rs. 60, this one will not get pension after 2004.  If you are engaged in the work of not getting it, then now it is over in 60 to 70, that money of yours is lagging behind 270. Do n't know what all you will have to do, then the acid cannot happen to you once or twice.  It is necessary to restructure once, if you took something at the age of 50, 45, at the age of 35, it will be 865, you will need to earn virtue and you how to get into it, time sets thoughts, having more rental, having more rigid life because you want.  Your inheritance to account you don't want a situation thing is so bad that those kids are not even paying lakhs of rupees for it and you are on it  I was thinking that I don't know whether we will give it because I look at the people who have children who have gone to foreign countries. You don't know from where you are saving money. You must be thinking that it is good that they will come from here and send me property to help them cross the country. If the driver is a subject of pain, then I will definitely make its sequel, what to do, I had got an expert on this issue, I have been successful in establishing the athlete, this is an issue of inheritance, don't take care of it  I am getting it because when there are no teeth and eyes then I am getting money, then when I have teeth and eyes then it is not a joke or a robbery, it is just a matter of few months, so I am a person with guru element, I will not show anything wrong at all.  No, just give him some money but at least make him a mixed account because I will tell you all the things related to psychology in this and in this I will discuss inheritance but if it is a boy then what is the thought process, if it is a girl then what is it if it is a boy or a girl.  what is a lot  It is going to be interesting, if you all want its sequel then please type school preschool, you understand part-2, next you want on which tablet, according to the problem, I have explained it well, I also have to tell the solution, it is okay.  I did not want to tell in solution one because I want something else, should I type it in the comment section of this video so that I can take the second one as well, here Jiya is telling me that we do not start by seeing and our life.  Surya, the child is not bad, we are also not bad, the father is also not bad, no one's intentions are bad, but we do not get trapped, we don't know, give us some freedom so that agriculture is big, only win-win situation, witch is a consultant, festival family. Win-win situation in Marital Counselor Consultants, only then every party will agree that yes, son is happy, father is happy, grandfather is happy, mother is also happy, everything is so good.  Solution and there is no such system within it that anyone would feel that I feel cheated, this is the fun, it is consultation, so I have seen the free content to Bhim audience so that there is no need to give consultation from me, I want that template. In the coming time, he will also face trouble and he has been linked to me on my number. I will give him a video about this scam. If you see this, then do not take it from me, okay, I will make it quite tailor-made and give it to anyone who wants it.  Please give the dat chaukori and write in the comment section below how did you like the video. Please tell. It is a very important video. There are many benefits stuck in the society. It is time to unlock it. Even the GDP of the country will protest against this. It is good for the country.  It will also be good that the will will be unlocked, people are sitting like this, is your gold lying in the locker somewhere, is there any unproductive property of yours lying in this note Contributing Honey Singh Remembered S Thank You A