Hello friends, it is going to be a very deep topic, I hope I will be able to convey this message and if the audience understands this thing, they will enjoy it and internalize this thing and spread this video in the society and call this thing  Whatever I am going to tell you, the topic is yes, my intention was not in my mind, when I said this, it is not me, this is a syndrome, call it a syndrome or a phenomenon, it is always there. You must have heard this from many people or you too must be saying it to many people who are my audience. When anything goes wrong in life, I did not say that my intentions were bad. Politicians take advantage of it, parents take advantage of it, spouses, whether husband or wife.  Yes, they take advantage of it, friends take advantage of it, this thing is not Bossano's, no, my intention was right, my theory was not bad, I didn't mean bad for you, it's like these English words speak to you, so today I want to tell you about it  I am going to go to the stove to get oil, what is called appointment, has got no meaning, someone's father, a thermometer, something you cannot know, it is someone's intention, this is the exit route that we will give in the society, what is more important I will  Tell you Intention is not important What is important Impact If any of the five or six relationships that someone close to you tells you, then the impact on you is very negative.  So that is what will count if the child feels harassed, the parents are holding him back, study it, take it, take it, otherwise what are we? Our intention is very good, a lot of toxins are going due to this intention, brothers and sisters.  A male boss is actually sexually harassing a woman or is trying to do so or is playing a power game and calls her and scolds her in order to control her. Dominates her and asks who catches her, I want to make you a good professional, I want to teach you, my intention is this, that woman is feeling cringe type, she is realizing that inside women, I am an example.  I will tell you below, first I told you about the concept, now you have to spread this video in the society because the videos I am making and the social impact I am doing are not working on any channel, this is also a fact.  Yes, but you people's support is also needed, only then the moral increases that yes friend, someone should do this for your good, our parents never realize whether there is some benefit in it too, this mother-in-law, this mother-in-law in the pain of daughter-in-law.  She also takes the exit route that my intention was to teach you, to tell you who will wake up, when, what will eat, what will happen to his health, why have you taken the contract, you are basically a person who wants to control another person, right?  He takes this route that we are not, no and this is a very thin line, many people will not understand it, many countries outside India call this a discus or have gone through it, they are late and have very big boundaries defining it.  Very clearly in India, can anyone bulldoze the door, will anyone ever open the door, will anyone come, will say anything, will the boss say anything, as if I told you five or six, no one will come, my intention was not bad. I don't feel anything about your intention but it had a very negative impact on me. Next time please don't do it. Please don't do it without being asked. Like many times leave the intention. Many times what happens is that many people come and let me tell you with my example.  I will give it to you once or twice and I will teach others also, brother, Guruji, this and that, let me tell you one thing, don't you mind? I am telling you that if you doubt that I will feel bad then don't tell me because I know what is coming. What is coming is an easily told thing which you realize whenever someone talks to you like this. Try to start the session, let me tell you one thing, see, if you don't mind, let me tell you one thing, don't tell me, give me the magic, give me the magic, people will think that I make people a little rogue. I don't make people into scoundrels, I don't give them the motivation to sort out the ill-mannered people and the common vulnerable people who are actual scoundrels, we are getting destroyed by these things and then they come and take that dose.  This is not something easy, say this and see, the next time someone in your life tells you that you have to tell me something, will you not mind? Don't tell me, tell me, I will not tell you again, then you How will you improve? Don't tell me, don't improve. You have taken the contract for my improvement. Everyone has been given their toxicity where people pay me and there is a waiting list and the fee is very high then professionally I pour cold water on the useless hot pans of their life. Money  I also insult them for their welfare, but this is my professional relationship, I do not ask them to tell one thing.  You wo n't feel bad, I told you in advance, you will feel bad because it is painful to change, but any man puts you under the garb of improving like this and puts you with such self-doubts. Just do this audit. Every man when he says  No, I did not have any intention, it was not bad, it was not like that, too much raita has spread, then he takes the escape route, you do not have to give him the escape route, tell him, I will not mention the intention, you will be fine but yours.  Intention has impacted me very negatively. When your impact is negative, there can be negative intention even in positive impact. That is a complicated topic in itself. Brothers and sisters, if your impact is being very good, then see how beautifully I have arranged things, how much higher order.  I take it that if the impact in your life is very good and you are having fun then it is possible that the intention of the next one may be bad. This will become the next topic that how can this happen, you have to be alert for that too, but if there is a negative impact, you are not feeling good, after the interaction with that person, you have a feeling of self-doubt from within or you did not like that person at all.  And to you it is like something Buddy do you know what those people are saying about you The moment someone like us You will say something is good and bad and not bad so keep it with yourself if something is good then tell me  I was speaking good, so I am ready to listen to it. It was bad, do n't tell me, but you don't want to know what he has to say about you, I don't want to know, now this hole is very big, how can I tell whom, it is very easy to come here and from  Or no no, tell him like this but it is very difficult to do because he will come and b and it is not that you should listen carefully, it is not that the intention of the one who is trying to narrate should be bad.  I just want to tell you that if he was speaking like this, then do n't behave so politely with him because brother, the impact on him is getting spoiled, the intention is not on me, I don't want to take intention, the intention is for my good, I know this.  It's affecting me but do n't you want to know that what others think of you know I don't want to know very difficult very difficult no friend everyone  Everything is known in normal life. There is no need to take daily feedback. Rice is cooked and everything is raw. There is no need to eat all the food every day. After eating a few, you get to know. Keep your core group. That person is the best.  He came and said directly, Oye, you were doing it like this, that is very rude friend, by not doing it like this, he did not create the role that I will tell you, you will not feel bad, if I want to tell you like this then it means that the relationship is not that close.  It should be straight like this, Oye, even if the husband is afraid to tell his wife, if he is taking permission, then why is he taking it? There is a problem in the relationship, that is, the parents should tell the children straight and simple, now it will be a little gray and that will happen.  No no but he is saying like this, see my intention directly, intention should not play any role, this word should not be used in good relationships whether my intention was bad or good, I will feel it if I spoil the feeling.  If I am telling you, then your intentions were bad, that's not the end, no, this does not happen, this is what I am telling you, because of the belief system, what happens is that you can make your parents bossy to your spouse, is it like this because the boss is ours?  He is not there but there are some relationships in which we are not even ready to hear this. They will troll me here. I know because every century needs a philosopher who can lead the society in such a way that it can show the way of thinking which is mental.  The models said, think about it next time, this one is also a formula, I told you, I am also Guruji, I am a self-proclaimer, it is okay, now I do not sit with the same face, wear something like this, do this, but I am a practical man, I see this in practical relationship advice.  I know that there is pain and if you bump into those 10 people who have very good intentions and are causing you pain, your life can become very unbearable. Why is the intention very difficult?  Very less important than the impact of monetization. What variable did the impact of monetization kill? Intention can go bad, brother, it doesn't get bad. Do you understand? Intention has got no meaning because impact has to be discussed. Yes, intention was good okay then what's so great we.  Will Not Discuss the Impact and Will Give You an Exit Route Because I Can Be a Idiot and have great intentions and have all negative impacts and every time get away by saying my intention was right my heart is clean what to do with my heart brother heart is clean or what is your heart clean your stomach is clean your mind too  It can be clarified, ok, so this thing is yours, clearly I have nothing to do with it, what impact is it having on us, it will be questioned, ok, every doctor's intention.  It is good to cure the patient, but what if the impact is wrong, then it will not be questioned, you tell me because impact is what counts, not intention, so everyone is roaming around with the right attitude, focus will have to be diverted from intention and at many places, I am telling you now.  I will try to explain this to you, please understand that this video is going above and beyond that it takes a lot of inner strength to make such videos because you are not very.  Be sure that you will be able to tell that thing, you will be able to explain it to the audience because it is abstract, it is not read from books, the knowledge read from books is visible that man, he is telling this thing after reading it from the book, in that one, I am not from the book, I am telling it by observing.  I am telling you what comes from the consultation, now pay attention to you, it is a singular event, it is an event like we study in maths, independent events probability and all those calculations you have done.  Must have been done in 10th or 11th, so this is an event. There was some intention here on the part of the guy. There was some impact of the intention. Like a word, we will never know that the man would claim any wish and there is no way. Like we can check it, isn't it milk? How much water is there in it and this gold is 22 carat, 24 carat is 20 carat, there is no way to check this intention, just that claim is fine but this  An event happened, there was some intentional intention with this event, it is claimed that it had a negative impact on you, okay, after that, there was a different event, then there was a different event, there was a different event, these are five different events, okay, and in these five events,  Only the person with intention is the person in different situations, prisoner, boy, girl, whatever, man, woman, whoever and in each one you are getting negativity and that in impact and on the face of it when  If you look at independent events, it will seem like this is a very innocent thing, tell me why is that person making such a fuss, people who are narcissists, those who have narcissism, they thrive on this thing that independently is such a thing.  But what is that needle? Many times it is death by thousands of cuts. Once someone attacks you, it will be visible that there was an intention to kill, but so much, so much pain, so much.  The wound is not known to the body or to it, to poke it little by little, to weaken it emotionally, by doing it lightly, lightly, it has become an art for these people, it is someone else who shouts and the one who shouts is having an impact on him, the impact is being made by Chillam Chilli.  And when the society sees, how much this other person is in control who is making things happen. Well, what happened to you? No, I had no intention. That person is shouting and the world is saying that he is a fool who will shout.  The same crazy person will shout and declare. Look, after entering the field of mental health, I am telling you here that your psychiatrists and psychologists have also failed because they are giving bookish knowledge. Let us Indians read, we are different in the same way, for us, half of the western books are not applicable to us because we are our own, our nature is different, so I am a native here.  By bringing that system, I am giving you relief and healing through this video, because once this thing is there, lakhs and crores of people are traveling which I am telling, but has anyone ever connected you?  No, no one has ever told you, it means people did not even know that oxygen was invented, tell me in which year it was discovered that oxygen was there, oxygen was always there since how many years, thousands of years.  So if it is now known that something like this  Have and you have experience. Put your identification so that other people can also read the comments. It does n't seem that I just told something in isolation. It affects 1 person. Whatever I have told, it is affecting 100% of the people.  There are some people running away in the garb of that intention, that too at 25, 30, 40 and there are also victims at 60, 70, now those victims are not victims.  Will remain and these 20-30 are the people who cause pain in the name of intention and run away. Our intention was good, every time you run away. You should check whether the person you see in your family is saying this too much and who will ever fight against it. Sometimes he is saying something else and he has to give this explanation every time, but my intentions were not bad, but my intentions were not bad, that is, it is like saying that I did emergency inside the country but my intentions were not bad. Okay, how will anyone know about the intention, brother, what happened to the impact, someone did emergency in democracy, some leader many years ago, we will discuss his impact, if we discuss his intention, then no one will say about his intention, it was not bad, now no one will say.  You had the intention of having power. Tell me, no, I had no intention of having power. It was my intention, so I am speaking under the examples. Now, if you know the atmosphere and the weather, then we should not give weightage to the intention. Say, keep the intention in your pocket.  We will talk on Impact. I hope you guys liked the video. Do write in the comment section. You will also find an Info Webinar group in the comment section. Join it as a forward. If you are watching then please please subscribe to this channel and just like this.  For all subscribers, I had done a relationship workshop, the recording is done, the recording is uploaded on the app. Creator is very happy that many times it happens that if one of your poems becomes good or drawing becomes good or painting becomes good or food becomes good then you say no no no friend, I am saying it myself, it is mine only, do n't tell anyone else.  As for me, it was a very good workshop of two and a half hours. Please watch it too. You will enjoy it. Thank you very much.