Hello friends, today's topic is The Curse of Being a Good Boy, it is a very important topic, it will help everyone in the society, if you are a boy, the rules are only for you, the rules are for the parents also, it is for the girl too, it is for everyone in the society, mine is for everyone. I am giving an example of three-four life consultations that I do by mixing a case study and this template plays out, here our character is a boy, we will accept it.  If M has passed out then why am I in IIT, why did I do it because I am at the very top, rest of it you can put extra stomach etc below it, so the flooring is from a normal poor family, it is a low class boy, his parents are from Uttarakhand.  So this template will be changed but you can tweet it as per your wish, then what is the debt of Good Boy? He was a hard-working, decent boy, just like his parents told him. He went to the same school, worked hard, quietly completed 12th class.  I got good marks, took it out, then took out the dimensions and turned 25 and is in a very good job and has a very good package. The package is whatever you want. 25 30 40 50 lakhs is a very good package. Nine days' problem is less when he gets married.  If there is a mindset of this boy, I am addressing this boy, then I am addressing the boys and others, now enjoy what is your role, what do you have to do and I am telling you the way out of this dilemma.  I am distributing many things of tree consultation for free, if it is being distributed for free then it is not that their importance should be less, please like and share, it is the responsibility of all of us in the society, maybe you are not travelling, your friend is doing it.  Am I doing it in my family or in the society, people are doing it, so watch your video, it is fine as entertainment, it is said that my father and mother have done a lot for me, they have worked so hard, this is on a guilt trip. Very big then he says that I will bring a girl who will be a housewife because I am very low on money and then she will serve my parents because brother, I have a lot of money, on top of this the package is starting at Rs 40-50 lakh, IITM.  How the combo is very good and the profile also looks very strong. Now this is the mistake he is making. What mistake is he making? You will come to know that he wants to bring a housewife, he does not want money. Now the mistake he is making is that this  A very east facing park facing, very good, two side open, 3 side open plot, there is a lot of space to occupy it, the parents do not want to leave the society because the girl is very strong and has low feet and now this is just a year ago, she has been living for one and a half year.  It is not that it has been in the past 20 years, even with the fan, the parents are feeling happy now. What are the other mistakes like now the boy has driven this car late, Innova Crysta.  He drove a car of the same level as the Fortuner. If he wants to drive a car of the same level as the Innova Crysta, should his parents give him a car of the same level? Brother, at least give a car to his parents. The boy has been living with so little money in his life.  There will be no happiness if the scooter is given, so now the topic comes that which car should be given or L2, she seemed very poor because in Uttarakhand, even they do not want to show it in their society, how much has our son grown, so will all these discussions be there, what is the limit? To what extent does this boy, who is listening to me, meet the expectations of his parents? Because he is suddenly moving from the lower class to the immense middle class and rich class, will he take his parents along with him? Will he take his parents along with him? Divided by you, there will be a younger sister or a younger brother too, then the variables in the story increase further. Every person is selected due to his hard work and luck. Luck also has a big role, so there is a lot of trouble in it because Many parents are investing money in coaching. Many parents are doing everything at great expense. I am not saying this here to respect the parents, but I am telling this boy that  There must be some limit for everything because parents say that we do not have money, so with respect, when we want money, talk openly that 20% of your income is our share, we have done a lot, so about us, the next person can transfer his salary to Rs.  not 50 lakhs  He will understand that 40 will understand that he is not talking openly, he is not talking openly, the wife who is coming is feeling that he will give everything to the parents, what will happen to my children and the wife has married, mostly in this kind of combo.  I have seen that the girl comes from a very rich family, she comes through love marriage, even if she is a prostitute, because the girl's family sees that she has a lot of potential, if the potential is very high, then the girl's family marries her on the basis of potential, their own girl does not reduce it.  There was a potential that the girl is not getting a share in the higher earnings. The girl is calling her parents and saying that brother, this must be a mess. Our thought process was that brother earns 50 lakhs, the package and Warren A must be in a foreign country.  Will travel at great cost, flat will be booked, it will be like this, by the way, this brother has taken a loan in Uttarakhand, it is in Chamoli district, I do n't know which Rudraprayag is which and where.  Rakhi has been made and Rakhi has been made and loan has been taken. In their small towns, parents make their well-to- do children spend a lot of money which they should not be made to do because there is no one to live there. When they grow old, then in your big cities  When you become an ITM, never live in your small town, now with your parents, when you are very old, what is the problem of this 25 year old boy, his parents are 95 out of 5052.  Will go till the next 40-45 years and this boy who is our hero, his job will not last more than 40-50 years, he is also 25, so his entire income is in it, we raised you from our parents, this one of ours who  There is a lot of pressure on him, now he does not know any formula, if he gives even a little then his wife is in trouble, what should he do now and then should the parents discuss it in the society that the wife will die tomorrow.  It has come from the parents that it is 25 years of penance, so what price should be given to 25 years of penance, no price can be put, why are you talking like this, hey, it is only him who is suffering, is n't it brother, that is why it has to be put.  Is n't it true that she can't take any care of her parents, she is like a pal to her children, should she spend Rs 1.5 crore on her sister's wedding, which is equivalent to her 3 years' package, because a package of Rs 50 lakh means a fan of Rs 30 lakh in hand.  If a person earns Rs. 20 lakhs and eats the third one, then the savings are only Rs. 15 lakhs. Brother, a person with a salary of Rs. 30 lakhs will save only Rs. 15-20 lakhs. Even if you invest Rs. 20 lakhs, it will still be worth Rs. 7 lakhs because it is said that when it comes to packages, I am talking about packages.  Father, so much calculation, who has finance in India, brother is worth 50 lakhs, invest 1.5 crores in marriage, how much will he spend in 3 years, what is the cut, if you tell me, in the society, if one brother has 50 lakhs  He takes a package of Rs. 50,000 and his parents are poor. His sister has to get married, so what budget should he go for? Tell me some figure which is reasonable. I told you the figure. Saving cannot be more than Rs 20 lakh. Even if he invests Rs 1 crore for his sister's wedding.  If it is okay then even if he invested Rs 20 lakh for 5 years, his savings of 1 year are gone and now he will get married, it has been seen many times in such cases that parents do not even take interest in getting married early, which is very wrong. This is what started, look, there are things under the carpet of the Indian society, which feel very bad to hear and forget to discuss. What will you do in the society at 25? Brother, you are 27 and 28 years old, you have come to IIT, what is your life, Chaka.  The trend is 'you should get married early, you will get', which means there is no interest from the parents. Well, these boys struggle more because they are lazy children who do not go anywhere and achieve nothing in life. No, their boy-girl affair goes on a lot, these poor people are the epitome of decency, that's why they came out after studying, they think that there is no prohibition, should I marry a girl or should I do it like this, they don't understand, neither do they have love for them, they get married after 9 years.  And then for marriage, by then they would have sucked the money and their money is just spit out somewhere, I am their good girl, you are so surprised because of financial consultation and this too because of many things.  People have to join differently, I see that it is 30 years of being in the network, you have to understand that I am saying ITI again and again, you can take it daily, you can take any one below, it is not like that, take the example of this.  But the question is, brother, it's been 5 years since you bought the house because someone told you to sip 10000 rupees, it's a lot, will you make this IP mutual fund class or lower class?  A person who has been in the lower class all his life, make him a middle income. Gradually, when you do more progress, take him to the middle class. You will directly take him to yourself. My parents are mine and then because of the affair, I feel like giving you money.  These are high performing children, good children, these souls are kept in their offices, only the body remains locked inside them, when they get so much of your energy, they become your guardian, even there it is not like there is only one person.  Ran the race, won the gold medal of ITM, live long, life is not like this, but these words are used so that you can understand it deep inside, big people like me, because talking like this is simple, it is true and it is true.  If people like it, please write in the comment section. The biggest mistake this person should not make is that he should not fall in love with a girl who is lustful and owes Rs 50-60 lakhs because she has come into the house. Not doing anything less is also a fact and if she is having a package of 10-15 lakhs or even 20 lakhs, then she will be secure, it does not mean that if she comes to 15-20 she will say that I am 15 but my  If you give everything to your parents, they will also suffer but still they will reduce it. This is the message because they will also understand. And please have a cap on your parents' maximum you are going to.  Gate because what is that, first took this, then today sister's wedding, then the roof is falling, then something is happening in the farm, then something is happening to the buffalo, then something is happening to the health, buy insurance policy and tell him, much you expect.  It is not that you are such an ATM card that parents will not give you any time, anywhere, because I have seen them crying a lot, I have seen them in depression because what they do is not sustainable and then what has been done.  No, she already gets angry with her parents. She has scooped up a lot of money and is still angry. And maybe that other useless son or daughter becomes more close to her. There is a different phenomenon on the parents, I will tell you again, one more boy.  If there are less or less siblings, then the friendship of the parents is more than that of the worthless person because this poor guy does not know how to give feelings and does not sit near him because where did he tell his soul that it is okay in the office, this is all a machine.  Printing machine is for money and is treated like this and then there are many people whose 15, 20, 25, 30 years of their life are lost and that is neither in the life of their wife, nor in the life of their children, nor in the life of their parents, nor in the life of Shivling.  He has never done anything wrong, he has always been a topper, he has always done good in the office, he has done well everywhere and in life, and if he is unhappy in life, then he has to clear his money everywhere. If your parents helped you, then brother.  Gave 10 lakh rupees to you, give back 50% of your studies, any one will be able to get return, even bass must have some return, 8% 7% 10 12 Mutual Fund NIFT Multibagger, somehow make it 18%, if you say money then rest means milk. Brother, no one can give a child a favor by giving birth to him/her, you need to give it to your children, but there must be some limit to that limit, make a diary entry like, have you seen what these people do?  Is it a minister or someone gives something, takes a photo, has the phone ever been given, do not put it in these chakkarons, do not get a gill trip, this is a very new thing, a phenomenon, I teach things in the happiness course, I am telling and I am teaching if  You have to join, you do join, there are still four life classes left, it is a very good and excellent course, there are 7 live classes, recording of three has been uploaded, four are still left, you can join them too. Whoever wants to join please WhatsApp me happiness, I will tell him how to join, but coming to the topic, I am a strong woman, I am a woman, I am not a seeker and these two qualities should be there, if she is a strong woman then she will not be very beautiful according to you, she will be beautiful.  It may be less or more, otherwise there will be troubles in your life and if your parents give you below the poverty line, bring them above the poverty line, take a little more and take a little more to make them rich.  There is no contract just because you are now moving towards the upper middle class, you too have not gone yet, if you have given them a washing machine, given a fridge, given a TV, given a cooler, given a mattress, if you add everything then four-  It is five lakhs for them. If you have to buy something somewhere in your big city, then buy a little smaller and do not keep them with you by mistake, otherwise you will be in a lot of trouble. It is better to buy a little less lavish one and two room house for them. for them  Take it for your parents, which is in your name, many people do it in their name to please them, take a loan, then after their death, while they are alive, give it to another brother or sister and then keep crying. So I gave the money, I gave it, I gave it, we can live in your house just like you are living in your parents' house, similarly periods live in your house because parents do not believe that your people are making their mistake after marriage. are buying a house in the name of and  Wife is getting name in the name of wife, what is Sen Securitiary doing on the first day, just imagine your wife, how is she feeling, in the name of forgiveness, second one, that is, should I run away, she does not trust me because I am money.  What is the rate because if I have taken it in my wife's name, if I get divorced then she will take the money, find out the rule, she will take it anyway, find out from some lawyer who thinks that if I take it in his name, will it be safe or mine?  Right now many people are facing a big misconception that if I do the tax in their name then it will be done and you cannot fool the judge, everyone has a date and time, everything gets done in a minute for big companies.  There are big properties and people are caught thinking, brother, will this be confiscated or is it okay, then reduce this, don't reduce this, do n't reduce this, don't reduce this. Kaleshak is worthless if the child is a drinker and does n't work and doesn't earn money. Parents do not have any interest in him, no one fights in his wife's name, I have never seen such a fight till date, mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, where the boy is worthless, worthless, this one is big, tell me what to do, he should become a member of the corporation, only then I  Topic: Many cars, you can see them at any time and they will keep them in such a domineering way, they will be domineering even on the wife and on the parents too, they live like this more than the wife, now tell me what is the system on top of that, a man is not alcohol, father is cigarette.  No, the father lives decently, earns good money and wants to turn it all on. Good boy, my son has kept it, my husband is no less, so I give you a little bit, now what hint is done in this, is it okay, you understand that it said that  Forget your parents or perform the Aarti for your wife. Friend, I am not in the mood to take care of your parents and keep your wife as theirs. I have given my brother as a maid to serve you so much.  to me  I have made it so that I can reach here, it will serve me for the rest of my life, I will do it for the rest of my life, it is not that much, even when we take a loan from the bank, we also have one of them and it gets deducted accordingly. Took a loan of one crore 8% 9  % took her Amy 92000 game money say because I told when the child is useless then there are some fights on him but if there are no fights then I will just video with this summary date performing this thing and those who have children also  Na, those who are listening to you, those who do not have any right on them should come, you have given them the best of the education and your return is that they become something in life, it is a big sin to expect from them, they should give something happily and get something.  If there is any need, then it is okay, do not try to increase your standing in the society through it, many parents say that if you give me a car, it will be mine because see what happens, I speak openly, I am not in classes but I tell openly when  you are very lower class  So I try to show you a little bit of what has happened to us and it is not immediately visible that after seeing the child, your child has become very great by raising a good child because tomorrow when there will be trouble then something will happen. Even the society comes to know about it too, then why would I drive a Pragmatic Four Five Lakh Desire Level, then I have to pay for the insurance, then it also consumes a lot of petrol, all those things are also less, so one Desire is okay. If the boy did not go anywhere in the marriage, then we had to marry the girl. We wanted to marry the girl for 10 lakh rupees. Now if the boy gets married somewhere, then don't do it for 90 lakhs. If the boy gets married somewhere, then convert 10 into 20, convert 10 into 25. I am a very practical man.  Yes, I will come here and make it right away. It is okay not to give extreme advice right away. There is a saying in Haryana like don't think, it is from this straight out society because of this. Now second brother.  Sir, if you have not done anything then you have brought this person to this level by spending money on the wedding, now you say no man, it is very foolish of the father to say no, her status here is that she is his brother's wife.  This is the status of this, this too has to be taken here and for that, you brother, your parents do so much stupidity by doing such and such, and I am telling you that such brothers are fools, whatever she deserves or does, let it go, otherwise then  There will be troubles in marriage. Everybody deserves something. There is a limit to what one deserves. So if this is your second child, then you must have educated him too. Or say that we had got 10 admissions in the same school for one child, so we took him to a tea shop.  Had sent it to a 10 year old, then a different story, it is not like that, everyone's hard work is due to luck and it can be small, it can also be the opposite, this story sometimes turns upside down, sometimes  If not to give an example, then it becomes a lot of conjuring. It can be the opposite. Also, don't get too much miss you on parents and you know from the society, now you have become so much, you have to do so much because they will miss you in your small town.  They will invest money in analysisli, you will not go and stay, their respect will never be fulfilled because they will keep running the endless pharmacy program that they will feel that the person who has not earned Rs 10 lakh in a year does not know 50 lakh.  It takes so much life to earn. He feels that it is ours, so what is the meaning of giving? Only one goes to the office, only one goes to the office, one goes in a suit, we see how you drive in the mountains or by walking somewhere, we would have earned so much by working so hard. What difference does it make to you, it gets mismatched, in this video, life is not so extreme in reality, sometimes they are not that poor, complexity comes only then, the parents are not poor and the child is not that rich, but he  Emotions are like this, so I told you like this. Emotions are like this in real life, so just see these things. Play out and do comment in the comment section. How do you like such videos? Thank you.