Hello friends, very interesting topic why you should not be a fan of any buddy or any other person, do not put any other person on a higher pedestal, we will discuss it because in India a lot of Android is counterproductive, it is not good for you, I will tell you this thing in another way.  Talk to me, stop immediately seeking motivation for Mini Badi because it is a kind of disease, it is an addiction, your life is low, after watching its video, I got motivated and then you got it. Dores slept again, then the next day he needed motivation, first he needed 10 minutes of motivation, then he needed half an hour. I know youngsters, they come for different consultations, like parents bring them or there is career consultation. After getting the motivation right for 5 hours.  You have been staying for 5 hours, it is okay, this is our life, life is short, wait, it is poison, hello, how special you never get 10 months, back button video, if we meet again then youth is going on.  I have a lot of time, I will do motivation, stop doing motivation, stop others, if someone used to cross the river and go to study first, that Sapoch was a year ago, 18 years sure, which is 12 years to B, but the size is fine, tell me who is it, is it fine?  And if that becomes something, then what does it have to do with you, brother, swimming is here from 2022. If I tell you to cross the Ganges and you will get a job, the whole of India will start doing it. If the whole of India is ready to do it then do it.  Not compare Bigg Boss 1617 etc. If you had graduated then the job was assured, so the problem was not that at that time becoming a graduate was a big deal, it was because reaching the college was a big deal. Note that there was a fight at that time.  And IQ was very high and very low is required, now education will be very easy, at that time I don't know what was taught, I am fine and you have some kind of education, no, there was poverty.  Meena, the parents who used to send their children till here used to leave, the problem is these days, all the graduates become post graduates and even then they do not get the job, so if you compare then that time is difficult, this is the time difficult where I  After doing everything, you do n't know if you still don't have a job and how those times are romanticized, Ramesh Babu has done BA, this Yadav movie, Dharmendra ji, he is on the chart South and Like this, they used to go to the village and the engineers used to go to the village in the movie Ahead of Ek Pul Banega. Then there was that thing too that it was coming from a village that it was a British engineer. Times is very difficult to appoint engineering to subscribe and that it gives you to the society.  Have to see please do note learn motivation don't put anyone on a pedestal because if you put anyone on this channel then you will fight for him too. Some subscriber wrote to me that he York subscriber should throw them in the governments and be crazy.  I am someone's brother, anyway, he is very small, but don't be like a film star, a politician, a cricketer. People watch him hit sixes and fours in IPL and only those people cry. He was bought for 16 crores. Life is difficult even for 12 crores. So after seeing it, I would like to tell the Indians that it is fun to watch others. In other countries, this is not the case in films. In other countries, there is no need for as much motivation as in our country. I do n't know why, because motivation is the fun.  He starts doing what has to be done, then he will do it, he is motivating and chilly, it seems that they motivate so much on YouTube, number 3 inches, then it's quiet, nonsense, Prakash Bhai, you, the feeling people who came to the convention, there is a need for motivation.  Cons Effect Feel Low So the question is why you feel low 3110 symptom What is the disease due to which you feel Vitamin C Motivation and Paracetamol to reduce fever Subscribe for Motivation became ill once in a year. Subscribe and subscribe this YouTube channel Delhi Motivation's 10 minute video and keep their 25 crores. This is a man from my country who is watching it and should only do it if anyone wants to do any activity.  It's a business, he doesn't need any motivation, he will do the work, motivation is what he is doing, who doesn't have clarity, and he feels that he will get something from motivation, world festival, cat, cat, cat, show it in English. You have heard that in English, how many times have you heard Believe in Yourself? What is Believe in Yourself? That I will wake up in the morning, I will cross the road, for what, Believe in Yourself, I believe in myself, I believe in myself, this is me.  I believe in you that nothing is understood and it has been said for 10,000 years, question it, break the belief system and say, believe not only. Explain what it means that we are capable, we will do something, we will do something one day, my time will come, street boy, my time will come, now my time has started, this song does not make, their time starts - starts, everyone's time starts, brother, what will be born?  You have gone, the meter is down, now I can't remember Ghalib's couplet at all, Google it, it was four days, two were spent in desires and two were spent in waiting, please someone who can type, great full, ok, read a lot but  Something System  I do n't remember language awards. I am very impressed in preparing this mixture because if I want to impress then I will not be able to give so much to confuse because I have to press time. If I want to impress then I will make a presentation, make music, take slides. This bet is a time limit for everyone, yours as well as mine, and energy is always there, tell the work quickly, stop doing motivation quickly in your life, respect those people who are doing something in life.  Clarity from them: Do n't keep asking people to motivate me and the parents who give me the best period, are the most well-wishers, are the fastest parents, accept this thing is fine and parents don't know how to talk, they just sit and do something, this is the only approach.  Get up and do something, there is no need for motivation, maybe you need eggs, your parents talk like this, there is someone else out there, believe in yourself child, do something and cook something, one day you will  If you give it to him then look at how he has become, he has become like a drinker taking a full cant and packing it as per his knowledge. Further, you have discovered your motivation. In real life, parents run away and become all motivational gurus. And now if I knew then it would mean nothing.  She used to do it quickly and people used to enjoy it and people thought that if it is not good now then why not put it because it spoils the paste of the movie that it makes people think that what is against it is okay.  so now the same Like, if you stop doing this motivation thing, this motivational guru will stop giving you, he will start giving his clarity, you will start giving up, tell about work, whatever episode comes out of your mouth, work in the ground immediately and improve your life from tomorrow and  Evening and whenever you start to eliminate then do not waste any time on these motivational things etc. Waste of time do not read  Biography of People: At one time, he never knew anyone's thing as to whom it belonged to. Many people are not born in their own homes, he became a scientist, did anyone know in his life, you knew that he belonged to a quiet class, he was considered a villager by his family members. Told that all the original villagers who live here were subscribed, if they go to the village then stop listening to these people. Even if he was honest, there is no need to listen to him because this will give Jaitley a solution in your life.  Let's meet in 2006, talk about 2006, do swimming and study this, if 10 lakh children will study this old then the problem will be fixed by clearing one of them and today this is the internet, any person can subscribe with 201. If it comes out, then don't vote in it. Listen, have you ever heard such a story that an IS boy became an IS? There is no shortage in the story, Yasmin was an IS, what is the big deal, rickshaw puller.  Didn't you hear this from the boy, now he also has to take this motivation for his people, you have to take our father that this bastard of yours, I am studying, do this, this is the motivation for his people, this is the motivation for his people that his son is your child. How much work is going on, it also becomes okay, anyone can become any other thing, okay, so if you are a man, start working on the motivation book, subscribe Motivation Mummy Question Evening.  She said that she brings motivation by doing this and then told them that this is the same tone which many people speak on the plane in the morning and after listening to you, she goes along with them to get motivation on the live tube. If she was not getting respect then she would have  He said, then go and do it like this, Delhi is not taking the name like this, Brett Lee's Chinese, then it gets illuminated, then he did it like this, you have to go and sit in the car, friend, what is he saying, so something, one hour is so narrow and in the house  Again  Let's say that the vegetable was made to be cooked, it was salted in it or all those hours were spent for motivation, there is nothing in it, okay, so how did you feel about sharing the video with people?