Hello friends, I have brought this topic, the pest tip secret of Gurgaon and this state, this secret agent does this, no one knows this, you think that if there are people whom you can call Illuminati, then I have brought a video of that level.  How many of you have memories of Sachin Tendulkar ji's 98 off 2 inches in Sharjah? Watch the video carefully, I had given a hint a few days ago that the batting is going to be at that level, I will try to give it.  I had done it because I also do settings in the hospital, which my old subscribe button knows and would have enjoyed too, but in that video, people made fun of it in a way, there was a lot of trolling type in it and there were joke types in it and what is this?  Do type, how did I become India's number one related clarity, that thing, before dismissing me, before saying I don't agree, you can write once below that you did not understand, explain it once more and if you don't understand the second time also.  Then write something that you agree and disagree with, the level at which I am batting, the pitch I am batting on and the things that I am going to tell you, the level at which I am batting and by doing the very worst thing, if you leave it, you will be deprived of this big level thing. So I am batting today itself, it is okay, I have not even told the things in my stomach, I have to do this much in big consultations on big planes, so the question is whether it is only on the border or not on the metro.  The people of New Delhi who want to create connectivity do not want to be allowed to come to Gurgaon easily. If Gurgaon real estate is to be taken up, many people are saying that Metro will come and it will come on Dwarka Expressway. There is talk of the same, this is the secret of the people of Delhi.  The choice is to make the muscles of a footballer, it has to be made of clutch brake accelerator, clutch back accelerator, even then Delhi will be left out and in Gurgaon, the buyers will get very smooth connectivity. Important: Why do those villagers need such great connectivity from Delhi? Those villagers need such great connectivity from Delhi. Those villagers will have to go to the airport for the third time in a year, 4556 times. What should they do? How many people are there working from Gurgaon, working from Gurgaon to Delhi and how many people are there working from Delhi? How many people are there in Gurgaon? Having a child is a one stop dam's review. The people of Delhi are very sad about the lack of public transport in Gurgaon because they are worried about their parents.  Ca n't leave because he is kept in the house and can't live in Gurgaon because he does n't want to sell the house Parents of Bikini States because it can't be I have to talk a lot about this, this video will be long, it is about learning instead of dismissing it first On the order, it is not that I have made a plan, I am here in Amrish Puri, I came in the back side, it is not like that, it is what I am telling, it is a very high level thing or listen carefully or understand like this then I  I will tell you that Dwarka Expressway will not be rational for a long time to come and that Dwarka Expressway is being built at a cost of Rs 12 thousand crores and a metro of Rs 12 thousand crores will be built every 150 kilometres. When this father will cut the expressway next year, then its  Brothers and sisters, how will the recovery be done? Will it be from toll tax? If I am on toll tax then you guys tell me. Subscribe 3500 more and now Nitin Gadkari ji has joined the ministry and roadways. And Mehak, where will another file of the metro come from? If you make it, then it should be taken more than a thousand crores. Sir, when will it come? You have also removed the middle kilometer one that if a pass of three hundred and fifteen rupees will be made in it, then how will the money come?  That train had started. The structure was at the level. Will toll be given on Dwarka Expressway from Jaipur down? Those who have to go to Punjab Kashmir, Chandigarh have to go up on Kundli-Manesar-Palwal Expressway. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no toll on that and this Delhi.  I have to go to Delhi, I have to pay the toll on the expressway because it is there on the window and on the further side he said that it will also work on the Dwarka Express, or when I had given the hit that metro no. Good thing, good thing, people don't believe in me, oh what a problem, brother, if metro is made so soon then the people of Delhi will come to the metro with food in their tiffin, take their own bottles, eat the food, earn money and go back to Delhi. How will the GDP of Gurgaon increase?  will happen That now many people will feel bad that Delhi is another country, Delhiites are other this one, oh brother, there is politics of the country and state too, there is something like real estate too, Delhiites, you have 506060 knowledge, rates are different at different places.  Is feeling bad, is feeling good, needs a picture of this note and issues that the 12000 road Dwarka Expressway will be recovered only by vehicles and if metro is built there quickly, then that recovery will never happen.  It has not happened, this is a big thing but no one will tell and I have an old rate of Rs 150 crore per kilometer for cement bars and it has increased further so it is possible that even if it costs crores of rupees to build a metro, I will build a metro of 30 kilometers here again.  In how many days will it take for the recovery of Rs 6000 crores? Let me spend Rs 12 thousand crores on this, invest another Rs 6000 crores on this and buy it ultimately so that if you go back to Delhi quickly after working from Delhi, then the amount will be less there.  Now I have heard more details, she proposes Gautam State Government, State Government invests money in it, DMRC is the engine, Save this Education Project, Center Office, Tamil Nadu State Government, her cities are on her side's vote bank and people are infiltrating her elections.  Another advantage is that Metro First Plus was built in Bahadurgarh in Mangipa race, that the citizens of Bahadurgarh who come back for this work will get the facility and that too.  There is a script to calculate the population and below also you should have metro, it should be built well, it would be good, it was the last time, so for the first time it was built in DLF Phase-2, they had refused, so ultimately they were appointed to sell the goods, so those people know. Then somehow the state government was there, how many times has the state government wasted its money, yet now it is talking about brotherhood and vote bank politics and it is only a city of 22 lakhs. 22 lakh population is fine and that too spread out. Dwarka on Sona Sona Road New Gurgaon Dwarka Dwarka World Procession Golf Course Road Gurgaon Concentration of population within Gurgaon to go from one place to another, there will be no need of friends to go from one place to another because today.  Day, go from Rajiv Chowk to Gurgaon from anywhere, Gurgaon ends in 25 minutes. 26th minute, if you want to travel then that is Is it not in Gurgaon diet also Dharuhera and this carat gold and the flyovers being built are so strong where toll tax will be levied, if North Pi then there will be no metro there, brother, I am giving you this basic understanding of them, who am I to stop the metro from making this.  But this is a metro because it is said that these dreams are created on their own and then are not rectified on the ground, whereas the judges give birth to the station, people will no longer speak about the frustration.  There is a metro in Delhi. In Delhi, people go by metro in this way. I will tell you that no city is equally disturbed. Crime is your tag. In Kolkata, there is no time in any other city. Brother, it takes so much time to travel in a double decker.  It is used in Mumbai. Double decker is used in Mumbai. Why is it not used in Delhi? So, whatever works in the city, it is necessary that it should be used in other cities because there is a lot of difference in density, brother, between 2 crore 20 lakh people and Delhi with 22 lakh people. you guys can't  In Noida, everyone 's beauty has been made. If the weather is bad, I will tell you one best way to work. If I can make Gurgaon a cyber hub from Greater Noida, then the metro will be worth your thousand rupees. 3BHK at Pari Chowk, just class and comfort. Come here, do your work and go on your own, cheap but durable, would the Haryana Government want this? Haryana would benefit from it, you have to apply your own logic in this, the access givers are not so easy, it is not such a stupid job, it is not so fast here, you can comfortably  You can come from Delhi comfortably, goodbye to the bills, you will stay in Gurgaon, Delhi's free electricity, free water and good education, good health, everything is great, switch on Mahasamund, come here, earn money, eat the chicken of your own home, go away and all the expenses are covered.  Haryana government will raise this, this is going to happen, so now if Haryana government raises the tax, then Delhi government will have to say that we will come to you, okay, so here every appointment is okay, so this is a big thing, subscribe to this.  A Delhiite's life becomes like this every day in his commuting, he buys something if Radha dances and whatever he buys, the GDP growth also ends up being awarded Padma Bhushan or someone in Gurgaon.  Come and stay in the time love office. Some officer in Gurgaon who does not have 500 meter retention rule, someone is like Delhi, isn't he, he has made it your central employee who comes for the job.  And the North Campus of your school and college area is all different, in the same way Gurgaon is built and it is transparent and end development is coming in the coming time, like 113 sectors, rest of the places are there, offices are there, residencies, everything is there.  If you are not there then it will work like this as per your wishes and not because of anyone's wish that yes metro should come, DPR has not been running like this since last year, there is no strength in it, there is no leadership, that is why leadership is not coming and the day it will happen then Then who am I and you are the money from my pocket, we all are taxpayers, it is made from money, so it is not like how did I become and I am stopping and I am sitting and I don't want, okay then on Dwarka Expressway too.  And the details and oil are some secret type things which will come out, I want to tell you at which level this video hit you, pure, did that, if you understood then write, if you did not understand, then write, if you did not understand then write, N Essay, if you did not understand, then write.  Two  So don't write agree or disagree. Agree is not disagreement. Either you understand the thing or you don't understand. If you don't understand the meaning of disagreement, then I will take some more examples and tell you that just because of this thing, the land will be like that, it will not happen and it is not necessary.  That whatever seems right to you is also right, like if you are not cycling or walking then pollution happens just because something runs on electricity, people have adopted a new concept.  Keep it in mind that if something runs on electricity then it is not pollution. Oh my brother, that electricity comes from a thermal power plant. Yes, that thermal power plant is not installed in your express, so it is not a pollution there. Agri, but that is India. Popular commission is being done on mother's chest itself, it must be some plant in Jhajjar or this one in Panipat at a distance of 100,200,300 kilometers and smoke will be coming out from which electricity is coming, so I will go to that scientific level on that.  I will not talk about diseases at the real estate level only and in the end I will tell you one thing, when arguments become moral stick, mature using waste of anything, when you do n't have any argument like that, then you take the help of morality, okay then.  If you had resorted to morality then please like share office and absorb scholar country and metro cities quote 22 pass something did not happen and here it is possible that double decker mumbai  Train Time A Time In Kolkata Chennai has its own story, Delhi has its own, every city has its own system which people there use, if the system of last mile connectivity was not made in Gurgaon, then it would have cost as much as the metro, according to me.  It has already arrived and there is a lot of it, if more is made then there will be no benefit to the village, okay now people will say no, it is my benefit, your benefit is also the benefit of the people of Delhi and the people of Gurgaon who live inside Gurgaon, today they are  You can reach anywhere in 25 minutes and in the coming time this distance has to be reduced by 5 to 7 minutes only, it does not have to increase because the lights are becoming smart lights, flyovers are being built on all flights, under passes are being built for vehicles.  As much as these people seem to be, many people have given them the example of London and Singapore, but we are not from London, we are not from London, Singapore, it is cold in Jaipur, we even have to sweep, mop and do all the work ourselves.  It's okay, many people wrote, Hey when we want metro, the meat will laugh, it is domestic that we will keep it, hey brother, Danish crown toe Gurgaon, why delete some maxim comments, even if people are there, then it can be known from the comments, if you are from Gurgaon, then you can know.  It will be known that Gurgaon 's maid tow comes from Urban Mill and its range is within 500 to 700 to 9 meters and it comes on a bicycle, it is the best. So, absolutely not possible, nothing, no matter, nothing is needed, see how many 8090 fennel are there in every sector in the urban village of Gurgaon, all the staff live in them and no one else is like this, some go 15 kilometers away to sweep, mop, do utensils, such less  Everybody has to increase these kilometers to work. It is definitely clear from the comments that it is mostly Delhi's system. The villagers have not listened to anyone. They do not want it without I know. And Know The God Different Types In Gurgaon Ad Banks And My Next Video Subscribe My Video This Series Vs Delhi Daredevils And Someone Appointed To Humiliate The Difference Between Indian And Foreign Country The Amazing Changes So It Is Ticket To Delhiites Metro In Gurgaon Infosys level future where you can comfortably hang out with friends in Gurgaon, where you don't get any connectivity and you don't worry about animals dying.  You can go to Rajeev Chowk and after your HUDA City Center is built, if you want to go here then that is because here I will tell you about the culture, the kind of dress the children here wear while going to the job, public transport cannot be used, the press is the same.  The thick one worth Rs 40-50 smells good, then what does that mean? I will stop this in the How People Attacked in this video, because then people start using playlists in things like that. What is this to explain?  Have to tell that delay difference this year girl shoes and cooperate and sears obscene scene traveling public transport and need to be empowered r p that bihpur rising patience looks at best feel certain verification subject inside subscribe subscribe public transport whole child of tcs stay healthy  Rather, somehow and they do it from home, children do not want the school model that the Haryana government has adopted, I know it, you know it, that's why so much. Quickly because this traveler is going to travel, but it is on Thursday, so this was the message, I hope I did not leave any stone unturned in explaining to you people, but if I understood then please write like this, I understood and if I did not understand, then I wrote.  If it looks good, I will make another quality one on this, but it was very important to know, how did you like, like, share, it feels strong, I am recovering, I was unwell, I am recovering and you guys were moral boosting likes.  And if I get more videos, I will tell you as I have promised. And you are India's number one to deliver clarity. Making complete understanding on real estate, sometimes to empower you to things that and connect all.com is a must for the people who are there at that place.  And if you continue in future also, then explain it and you will understand it better. Those who have bought it will be convinced that they want to buy the thing and they will get subscribed to it.