Loot Namaskar friends, the topic that I have brought today, the video that I have brought is my request at the very beginning that you all do not forward this video on any group or in your friend circle because G-20 does not even have this platform.  I am refusing to show this to anyone else because in this I will tell a secret from my pet consultancy and to whom to show this video, I will also tell in the middle of the video, those who are my subscribers and those who are my friends. People who watch videos will definitely watch this video but don't try to make this video more popular and get other people to clap on it because it is of no use to you. Please do like it yourself or if you have any stories then share it with me.  If you can join, then in this video I am going to do a secret remedy which is going to give a lot of benefit to the new virus. If you learn this technique and reach what level, then you will feel very easy in decision making. See, let me start with an example. Your wife makes a very nice cake. You feel like eating the cake. Your wife takes an hour to make the cake. When she puts it in the oven, it takes an hour. So you and I. Call your wife, I want a cake, so if the wife has not yet put the cake in the oven and after putting one, it gets cooked in an hour, then you can definitely say that you are not going to get one for 1 hour, then you will see that the cake  The batter that is made and put in it takes an hour to make. All the things that are taken have to be set, there is sugarcane, it seems to take an hour, so your wife has not started making it yet, so you are safe.  Ali can say that you will not be able to get even one cake for 2 hours. Now you also know that there is no cake material in your house and your wife will go to the market and buy it for the benefit of the society. Only then will the program start and the market will be available.  one to go and get things  If it takes an hour then we can say Prithvi that you will not get one for three hours. Now all of you are thinking what is this example and what am I going to tell you. Yes, this thing is also in real estate if the builder is working on his project.  If the builder had not started then it can be said that nothing will be received for 4 5 6 years. If the builder has not applied late at night then it will take another year if the builder has not bought his land or is thinking of buying it.  This is the money to buy that  If we are doing it together and if we add then those who are clear in the market who are influencers who are connected to the people at a high level because in this regard, you have a flight, a broker, a wheeler builder, you are late, you have to take this, take this, take this, but  You also have to understand that where the builder builds that land, someone tells him that this is that deal and all those programs will be there, so that too is done by people of some level, whether a builder comes from outside or not.  I don't care for a second If you want a land parcel then who will tell him who is there, if he doesn't get dreams then late people who donate and if he is okay then you chant, people are connected at that level, to those people, how long will the entire media inventory be coming and till when will it not be coming. And its realme C1 can make people forget that 2,000 2324 inventory will not be liked because in 2019 I am telling everyone by taking the example of checking in my city. This has to be done, it is very easy to do, I will tell it on the graph of Haryana, I will tell it on the exam of Gurgaon, in Dwarka Expressway in 2019 and in between not even a single launch took place, the last knot Shapoorji and this new fashion project which we have come with after that.  The towers of old projects are being sold under different names, the projects which were started since 2015-16 are being sold only to those who are fresh after purchasing flashlight parcels.  Press has not been launched, no one has got the license, no one has got Riya, please go to the comment side, go well, how many issues of license do you have, you will get only affordable housing in 2019, there is a glut of only affordable housing, normal.  There is nothing for premium apartments, so if something is not started in the middle of 2019, then no one is going to get anything in 27 2425, so remember this. So by the time this camel carrying the bicycle will be there and Amla will come in the market, when the goods will be stopped from the builder because it will be sold and when the game of resale will start with which you know that the game of things starts, then the real estate market will start. Clear speed will be felt. Already inventory was gone and now all this process is happening. We call the English term inventory in the system and that is currently illegal absorption and all time shallow. Whatever is happening with the properties, in how many days will the property dealers remain in the market? Sometimes it used to be 4, 5, 6 years or even six years. Now it has reduced to a matter of months. My belief is that till this Diwali, I will tell you about many micro markets till this Diwali.  I believe that if Dwarka is on Expressway then there will be no inventory of any kind left, donkeys, lame horses and lame horses are all becoming equal, ok this is my example Sapna Original Points  If you like it a little, it means that the builder is a bad builder, the good builder who was absolutely good earlier has become a little bad, these brand new schemes are being sold and what you search on the site is 370 buy-sell.  Answers are found in such a way that the dead projects had become zombies and they are coming alive again. All the props which the public has forgotten are standing up again. Someone is taking them to a bigger level and their fresh process and page marketing is being done. So you who are my subscribers, you have to avoid those products, they might seem tempting but Mukund's were lying around for the last 10 years, I don't know how much rain and quality they have tolerated, their soul is weak and they are of old construction.  Among the defeated projects and those which are being revised again, there is my device, you do not have to go, now I will give you one more universal advice, especially Ubal which is a marketer of qualities or Pootri Essence.  People are rejecting the properties because of this point, it is small, it is thick, asafoetida, it is like this, it is like that, you have to remind everyone that in coming thanks, the size of every property will be small, if today the rooms seem small to you, then tomorrow there will be more. You will look small. The dimensions of both the rooms are in double digits. Both are 10 * 1211 * 12 and the area left after the cupboard is also installed, the remaining area is also double.  It is beautiful in 10 by 10 in digits, you will find one side coming single digit that Govinda in Mumbai, in Mumbai mostly both are single digit, after getting ours, then the thing you have to see is the size of the builders who are bringing the apartments now.  It has to be small, your city has to be read, the density within 500 meters of Dwarka Expressway has been approved at 3.5, earlier it is not so much that near 500 meters it is 2.5. Different teams seem to have the formula, so whoever comes new is allowed to put sugarcane as many times as he can, he has taken out as much juice as he can, the side has to be kept small, the ticket price is the same, Magic will hand over Rs 1 crore to the previous 2BHK at Rs 1 crore.  Will hold it and the sides will go smaller Construction will become very good Remedies will become even better and the wire will remain Maithili confused for the next two years By Ramesh Simply Continue Sehwag's coach A  The one who is going on transition, the sugar issued to him is smaller, the one which does not seem expensive to the other, which seems bigger, is not being taken from him for some other reason, that is basically something is being taken from him and the people who get trapped in this much.  They are not using their mind, they are buying that thing, it is as if Bitcoin was the fate of Bitcoin, they apply logic in it that it is not for the public, it is bad, it is useless, it is cold coffee where the poison will not increase, it is actually a physical product, okay, it is more than what you have written. About Bitcoin  If you are interested, please write it in the comment. I have a friend who is very intelligent on Bitcoin. I also have a lot of knowledge about him, but he has a lot more knowledge than me, so I am bringing him to tell you all. If he can cover that topic very well, then whatever you are interested in.  Will you be interested in Bitcoin from 2019? Please can you add and tell? The purpose of this video was only to know about the inventory coming in the market which is coming very less. This question option is not there 2019.  And 21st April is going on while the video goes on, till now no launch has taken place. Apart from affordable housing, if anything has happened, then please tell me. This project has happened, but nothing has happened on the expressway. Only the names of the old projects have been changed somehow. Their towers are being recycled again and again. Now that too almost 90% is left. Story: No goods in six to eight months. Children, Al Qaeda on Dwarka Expressway, take the old one slowly.  Every day people are going to buy so this is the time for decision-making that in the present crisis you have to excise that choice nothing is going to come in future which is point to that in the lower price bigger in size  Tomato location and estimate, come whatever goods will come next, I will send the mail to the brothers and on the same line, whatever goods will come next, will be expensive but square feet Twin City.  Will be more in size Will be smaller in size Dominant will be more in this Now like Dwarka Expressway Bajgeda and the role that is there, if you set reminder there also a very good product will come, which is your meaning rupee projects to extort project, a very good project will come near it and 113  There are 878 societies and the upcoming builder whose name is real people will know but his ticket price will be very high and the city will be very high 53.55, we got it within 500 meters.  If there is an expressway at the door, then when the taste of the high court is so high, then you can think that the passport of the one who has the benefit of affordable, you will shine the minutes in it, the size will become smaller, the price will remain high but from now on you will be able to get the benefit of the square foot.  If we see, in the coming time, as soon as the shape of Dwarka Expressway starts appearing, the rate will go up to Rs 1112 3000, once the alignment like this becomes economical and on top of that, it will go down.  If you stand here and search for all the money on them, you will see the rates going out of your hands, but the traffic safety chips of the projects are very limited, which are fine and the good projects are still expensive and cheap.  It seems that I will tell you one thing, the fire is confused, the poor guy is not confused, so anyone wants to get clarity, you can join me on this. Show this video to your wife or your relatives.  They are stopping you in decision making that this is a holiday, this is fat, this is like this, show the video to him, there is no need to show this video to your family members and outsiders, why not me, all four of me, my subscribers who are from me.  I am connected to Vivo, it is good because in the market, see that even 110th of the number of my subscribers will be seen in the market, if even 110th of 15 are seen in the market, if I have to buy something, then there will be a speed in entering the market.  It is said that if we talk about micro market, then it is time for you to take a decision. You can choose any project of yours which you like 7520 like and if for some reason you are not getting 15-20% then you have to rely on it to achieve the perfect result.  There is no perfect property, there is no perfect job, there is no perfect situation, so you have to decide what you want because there are many sizes of 2BHK which major projects like very much.  When the issue plates want to BHK up to 1450 feet, fill the effective 1440, there will be good 2BHK, now further 2BHK will get into three Pipariya Madan off wala super will go here, it will remain 1113 1419, how are some projects already done which are overgates  If someone gives 3BHK of feet, then now it has become smaller and smaller, people go to those units, they are smaller than 3BHK.  So you have to see that the size of the affordable housing will be almost the same size. After 2 years from today, when the normal students will have their copy and weight complete, then you have to do this decision making and watch this video in your Five and share with your images and relatives and if you have any doubt or fit then you can connect with me that