Hello friends, this is the topic that the public wants to buy property in the mountains. I will also build some of these in Nagaland. Me and Malik speak about this. So, first of all, what should I buy? So, I will answer from the very beginning that not at all, there is a lot of interest in buying.  A big mistake is being made, why and what is this psychology, why do we want to buy, there is a video of discussion on that, okay, so first of all, let us see that whatever we want to buy, it never comes with 65th Barmer. Expressed the desire to buy that. In your 3014, in 3015, there is a feeling in your life that you need a lot of peace and when you need peace, then you think that my friend, I have a dream house in the mountains and then I will just live there in Nainital.  He would have taken Mussoorie Shimla, many of you, 50 places are fine and it is running in your skin, take it or he is selling some plots, I am building a house, it is not practical, first thing, second thing.  Ki is not cheap, third thing, you can keep that money anywhere, also in the pizza which is lowest, then investment is in mutual fund, when it requires dividend, Prem Kumar, Joshi from a government company, it is okay, so that among them, Idli can be given to you at 67.  St. Are 563 or anywhere in normal stock, somewhere in gold, with that money you can travel anywhere every year, parties in India are from Jammu and Kashmir, Leh are for Ladakh, India.  The water in this is your Manali one and Himachal one and there is a version space much further ahead where the tourists will go to All India and you people would like to go. Okay, then there is Shimla party, then you come to Uttarakhand. Mara Mussoorie in Uttarakhand is the Nainital circuit.  Okay and then if you go down then Pithoragarh from Kumaon Hills comes separately and that is different, then if you go a little further then Sikkim becomes its own lovely one. Okay then ahead is Arunachal.  And this is from this actor, who speaks Himalayas, has thrown a party in South India also, that is a small party, go to suicide there also, consider Karnataka, take it from Western Ghats, you do your OTC puja, there are many different places near you.  If you have taken a place, then you have to go only there, you will worry about it, which boy will you keep, then what will he do? Will you offer your property from behind on an hourly basis, what will you do, and if there is a scandal on the property there, what will you do with the property?  To  We have to manage, we have to occupy, if something has taken over, then what is the Russia there? The expense of maintaining the property will be so much that you cannot go there for 10 days every year, then why is there no peace in the middle - no, there is no plan in this.  It is told that they take your property and when you delete the property, it is free and after a year these people will do this and put it on rent and will do this and will do that, this story is told a lot now, okay this is also a track.  bar goods  Then she sold them Bhai Saheb, as per the rules, you do nothing, you people feel that if you vary the hotel rent for Bigg Boss from three star to five star, then it is between ₹ 4000 to 9 thousand depending.  On such right time portal place time of booking how much before this rates search let me tell you meaning country start at times 300 forces please take I hold the end of this cross on you and let's go ok 89 thousand rupees If I stay only for 12 days then lakh rupees is fine, now I am not going for 12 days then give me lakh rupees, the maximum of 20 lakhs to be given to me in 20 years is different everywhere and here I am 60 70 80 90  Lakh 15000000, I am sitting with the same property that if you make your life 24 this way, it will give you peace in life and then what happens, old age comes and does not go, it is a stage.  It comes that you have a medical element such that you or you cannot because you cannot stay in such a place for 15 days, medical facility, stress and that in 3634, we do not understand less than my husband at this time so that in the thing with us. What will happen and what we need in 36, yellowness, peace, mountains and all this, we do not need in 1617 because we have a lot of time, we only have our own people, we need brightness from people, we need such district distance treatment.  Boil is required that Swapna Dosha do not miss this time and block, what do they do differently, as if they live in Panchkula, they will take it in the morning, that too in peacock hello, two eyes, people have kept them floating in the middle or here.  Sometimes there are a lot of water and sewerage issues in the hills. When you go to a fully prepared five star hotel, there are Rs. 1.5 crore issues to stay there. The five star hotel deals with the government. Whatever network you have with the employee through money, you cannot do it at those divisional levels, wherever you have made a boy sit there, he has to use you very little, it is hot, you have to use your house, he has to do it, tell me why he will not do it and he  If you go to see someone then you will have to break a lock and someone will be there and then if you stay there then if you ever come then tell me sorry sir sir, do not steal as this is a practical problem without telling anyone.  By the way, there is no work to be done and there is no need to pay money by giving the keys. I know that devotees have bought it in Solan and such flights and such things keep being made. I have seen and many people feel so relaxed and good in many places that they feel caste.  I want to buy it, but then no matter how good a place, how lovely a place, any place you like, yes, you cannot go more than three times. If you want to go, I will explore a little more, you will go only once in three-four times. and many people who are there  We think of settling, we will take it and settle here, that is a big foolishness, it could not have been avoided, nothing is happening, we cannot go, if you are the original resident of that place, then it is a different matter, whether you are related to him or a friend of yours in childhood.  The stomach that is there is used for the food trapped in water through that digestive system and according to that, it is not used for those who need food with pesticides and things like that, those who want that kind of work are not there for western cricket here. I can destroy this kind of food and living and the medical one is very auspicious and green inside so I advised him not to the people for watching this You are watching this video please do not take it in fantasyland this is a consideration  But 3050 in this, you are living life like this, your mind shift has changed, the stars become white elephants, then you think that my children will go, I do not even the children go, that even the children do not come.  The one who lacks money will sometimes go to Sikkim, sometimes to Arunachal, like I said, sometimes to Himachal Kabir, sometimes to Uttarakhand, sometimes to Switzerland, he will go anywhere, you are like a white elephant at one place, you can buy anything from him, anywhere, I will say this.  I will make clothes worth Rs 30 lakhs worth Rs 28 lakhs, like if someone bought them in Gurgaon, he will pay the monthly rental for it with great enthusiasm. You can go anywhere with Oriental. For that, through early rental, you will get two separate strips for this, let's say 163 for 10 to 12 days and the same pages are also getting appreciated and on the day you go roaming in the mountains, did you get shocked or not?  If you are feeling well or good, she is still giving it to you, then the best small properties incident is said that if you are subscribed and I get it in the market, then you can raise buffalo.  If you do n't provide even this for rearing a buffalo, then milk and curd food is acceptable in Haryana, but keep it in Haryana and then milk it and then keep it and subscribe, it is not in anyone's power, then it will be kept like you.  If you are ready to express and drink milk, if you are not ready to do its work, then that system becomes subscribe Jhala ji save what I hope has been able to do in the 10th country. Message Vinod and Lot of Western Laut Discussion  After discussion forum, there is no need to do discussions. Subscribe to discussion also means that I will do it. You do not need to do it if you are everywhere.