Hello friends, today's topic in real estate education series is commercial property. I will give a bonus tip at the end of the video, I will take a recommendation, so you will stay till the end, I am very welcome regarding commercial property, so I have decided to make a video on it. Commercial  This space is a very tricky space, it would be wrong to deny it outright, but I will compare it with the stock market and equity market variation options, so my advice to all retail investors.  This is what the mutual fund people are saying that you should stay away from this, it is not that they are in mutual funds, what kind of fee is ₹ 5000, then I will pay ₹ 5000 in mutual fund and will buy commercial space for 1 crore rupees, if leaders do not work then this risk appetite cannot.  She is so hot, so I will tell you the reasons, how much do you understand, how much do you associate with her according to me, you tell me in your likes, I will tell you in the commercial G5 One of the projects is a super hit, friends, the grandson and the other two are normal. The one which is super hit is made a benchmark and is sold further through the commercial, but the sentences are very high, there are huge margins in it, you will release it only then everywhere in the market. Why will you see it everywhere in the digital space, many articles, social media, newspapers, incentives for every person, from the one publishing the news to the one telling it in the media, from the seller to the subscriber.  There is a lot of it in this piece also, when they show their advertisement to the retention person, then he gets attracted towards it, so today I will discuss it a little in a commercial, when it has two types of properties, one is a relative movie.  And one is under construction so it is ready to move in, so you do not have to take it and you do not have to take under construction at all. What is happening in Renu, the landscape is changing very quickly. I am charting on that.  I will discuss that in five factories and under construction, we do not know what is going to happen because in that, the promise made that this time person should return ten percent value sent, so you people should remember that ant should like only one.  The thing is that we all will go away from this world one day. Apart from this, there are also taxes, as is the English proverb Mukesh, taxes are coming, they keep changing the government on their side to leave the taxes too, so there is only one thing Ashok is saying. We will leave. Apart from that, if you are taking any security then you are being fooled in it and many people are fooled in this. In the retail segment, these are the people who have got property in inheritance, there is a lot of money, they do not understand well what they have earned.  It is not the money that has happened, but the one who gets stuck in the change with a teaspoon of IT progress, the one who becomes normal in the commercial is the one who laughs, the one who got the money not from father, mother but from in-laws or from somewhere else is fine.  He does not earn and gets a consultant, he will not get it, he will get time, he will get time, it is cold at home that he does not get loan on properties, everyone knows more, then like in the retention box, he gets five percent, which is not available in this.  The other money, which has to be paid in a fixed amount and has to be paid in advance, is with a normal person, it is only with the one on whom there is any loss, this is that many people have been hurt by retail, first in their property, who have to pay the rent in 2030.  had taken  And if they convert the letter of Rs 1 crore into 70 lakh GAIL commercial, then I will tell you that there is another rule of investment that we earn money, they always come less than lakh and those who lose money, they get it done by stupidity.  If there is investor education, knowledge, exam, intelligence, it saves us from destroying our wealth, if we will, then Lakshmi ji is very lucky.  Knowledge also comes from my own experience. I associate with many people that initially by drinking you get the goal, now you do n't listen to it, again it is your wisdom, so the one who has wisdom will allow it to keep growing normally and  It will not go down, this is a very big formula, how many people do you associate with it, will you like it, now I am going to tell you about five tractors which I feel are going against the commercial. Things that were in favor 15 years ago, 10 years ago, what is changing? First factory, I will name it, boy, girl, boy, girl. Earlier, there used to be mall culture. Boy and girl, we used to meet and cry, there was a crowd, we could file.  Because the only place where we used to meet was the office, what happens in big cities, yes, for the past two-three years, I have seen that there has been a trend there, so now the permission to meet them is like going to someone's house to meet a girl.  If this does not mean anything to me, then India has progressed there and in that stomach, now if it does not go within the middle age, I will go ahead of them, then the Jaspal Rana that Jaspal Rana knows so much about the people is decreasing, no one says anything.  I was already reducing before this, now there will be a lot of change, I do n't know what happened, what has been done to erase the permanent change, this will be known only after the results come, but if these changes happened before that, then I am feeling cold.  I will not ask much, it is okay to tell this, the second advent of dots has died, all the stuff is available at home, in big cities just press the button, there are so many of them, they take all the stuff at home, the third factor is the work relatedness of working ladies is increasing.  Having lived in big cities, they did not have time to go physically for shopping. Ladies can do all the household chores in peace. 9:00 9:30 After having food, opening the laptop, she goes to her Indore Homes and buys her goods.  There will be a society of children, they will buy something from their house, put it in it, they will cut it, the husband will then ask for the OTP number, so today all the people in big cities go on this, who will take the car and park it, if they subscribe, then the people are subscribed, for this you have to pay the salary of a child.  Okay, so there is a lot of difference in this thing and subscribe, how many people in the office subscribe to the channel, who are these senior citizens, who also used to get updates, who used to get updates every month, here you people also.  A little bit that the animals have taught us to be mobile. If you work here too, there is no need to go to the highest level. Earlier, you used to go to the court to pass the time. You should also go to the court. So you have learned all this. You are a very senior citizen. Many people in 1617  Now you will be surprised to know that an engineer going to a bank is making fun of the railway route. Even the B.Com students need more engineers to maintain the servers. So everything is becoming digital banking.  bank will Memorial Prize and Engineer Railway Minister post and B.Com. The space is changing a lot. You will notice from ATM that new tips are not coming. Most of the ones that are available are not working as well as others. Those who do transactions from their mobiles, which platforms and even  If you keep it then transmission is happening from them also and the new generation is going to the same, so the face of the bank, the big ones are taking them, the banks are becoming smaller and smaller and all the banks will keep becoming like this.  Fact SBI is its  Consider SBI Bank, their real estate switch on Bluetooth settings will be more than the market capitalization of the bank. According to me, that is the thing. This is the real estate player of SBI. According to me, if you have seen the bank in this f-35 version.  That if there is a changing landscape, it is changing very fast, first there was mall culture, then there were tissues of maintenance inside it and then those people will come less, then that high-spirited trend is still going on.  The people of History Sheeter Tanker had said that this does not happen but they tried to copy them and foreign countries and even there I don't know how much success they got. Out of the 5 or 6 that come out, only one person gets success. Later, when the shops will open, we will know what their condition is and after that, the small [ __ ] pop stars who were now the biggest change of the ones who were different in India, are the biggest business houses. You all know that this big company is coming into the space, now it is a game changer for your game, wherever it goes, that company changes everything, here we all know this company, now that company when Now what will happen if she comes into this space, we don't know that she will promote everything that company is saying in the house, I can tell you that warehouse is a better place to invest now in Gurgaon, I can tell you that whatever it is about Dot Singh.  all the berries  I am a warehouse, its concept did not come as a product, people are making their own in unorganized sector, its time is sugar, I am aware and Vinod companies want to waste in the distinctive playlist, they make big plain blouses, you can partner in it. Its fare will be rs.30 ₹40 According to whatever is collided with them, you have a new product in it, it is not coming yet but this feature is there, so warehousing is very well before to win.  But there was not something which has gone to the normal people, it is okay because the big planes keep doing it, by the time we come to know about it, the big places will have already eaten a lot of cream in it. Button, my most request is commercial.  You can avoid space. Basic necessity of means is bread, clothes, house, this commissioner's house does not meet him, how much technology does this man have, to sleep at night, if he wants a wedding, then he can  You should not go out, keep those who have a lot of money, I would say that they also need money, okay and one of the IT shops which I wanted to give tips to was an ownership society shop which was only considered big, so that too will not be so safe now, it was for drinks etc.  There also the reason for it is that a T-20 Edison should be expected which will work well, the rental will also be good, the shop will work well but currently in many societies of body builders it is only about 10 from Fifteen Flight.  If you are giving then there is a limit on how many eggs will be laid from it. There is a limit on how many eggs will be taken by the people of the buying society. How many will they go away? Friends, if you do the calculation then there will be not much margin, just your rent will be that much more, otherwise what I am paying now is mine.  The data is coming to me on that they can clearly. Society is sharp-witted and also not be profitable manners and basic needs. I click on it 1 but on your show he is not getting the rent then what will you do any of your  The rent of the flats may be less but if it is in a settled area then it is not that you will be completely dominant, you can stay awake yourself, you can accommodate friends, you can do something with it because it can be used at night, if the shop becomes vacant once.  And yes, if someone doesn't take it then there is something wrong with it, many people shop with me tomorrow also they do it because how much will I have to pay you for this rent, they come to be buried, they are working, they are the ones who sell it, see I am giving Chalisa to my friend.  is that At Rs 40,000, people become very happy with the rent option, they will check you further, then how much is this current and this Rs 40,000 is not a fake tenant, like the transaction takes place in 2 minutes and goes away, you will see the solution in it, Prof Queen. But now tell me what should I do if I have to set up a shop worth Rs 1 crore then I ca n't spend Rs 12 lakh or will I bring the goods and this is happening then I have to tell you all.  This is to make it known that there was a lot of happiness in this, which is on rent, how many days ago the tenant came, it is not that there are 15 shops, four-five are lying vacant, they are running a little and your shop is in the middle.  Its rent has been very good, it means that you should erect the antenna which is under construction, it has some religion and religion, I do n't know what is going to happen because what kind of super area is this shop, what is the loading, what will you get and what is the maintenance.  This is a very high usage segment, according to me, retail investors should stay away from it. As a recommendation, I would say that the judgment is raising, it is better living, you can buy small rooms anywhere, get your own small plot, 1015 rooms on it.  Make it and these good things can be given to children on rent. I will get the name of a city in it. This product is very popular around law colleges in Dehradun. Cutting is available. Story now This does not mean that I survived, so I went there and started roaming around in the box. In my opinion, instead of telling the story on my lips, people live in Dehradun website. They will set this in it. There is some story of every city which is muting your city. Which one is you?  You have to catch that thief, you have to catch him at the right time, it is very wrong that I liked the commercial 789, it gives returns for rental, you can easily get it in residential also at 6, 7, 8 cents, but if its size is small, then you  People have to be very careful before going into the option and if someone has inherited money then it will not be good for the departed soul too if you cool the money and go into commercial property. So my request to everyone is that in commercial property  Investment is risky please do more than notice required and you so much ideal present how to get into it in this video I have told this to someone more specific in this matter.  If you have any doubt then you can add it. If you liked all this, if you are watching the video for the first time, then please subscribe and I have a playlist which you must give on real estate and eight videos have already been added in it. Please do different express minutes. Thank you.  You