Hello friends, today's topic is Thinking of Taking Voluntary Retirement from Government Job and Factors Affecting Eight More Jobs in Mind, I will discuss in this that the topic is going to be very interesting so stay connected to it. First of all you have to see that whatever In this situation that he wants to leave his government job for some reason, then first of all he has to see why he has to take this decision.  The first thing is that here I will request my audience not only to post one group, otherwise it will become a very big topic, then the posts which are equivalent to group one, I will post only this chat on the group. It is a very cultured institution, we have many government departments.  There are many PSUs, so many times such situations come in our life that we feel like leaving the job, so today I am going to do these topics, I was getting a lot of demand for this topic.  Today I am making a video on this to discuss, stay connected till the end. First comes the decision. Are you taking this decision in an emotional reserve bank that your account statement, career promotion has not come and you are going to be stagnant?  Is it based on whether the feeling of rejection is due to objection or is it going to be permanent? So I will say this decision, do not take images immersion, do not take a blissful Sidon temporary. Feeling Feelings So how will you decide this is a temporary feeling, I am practical to you, don't waste it, this channel is all about practicality, this is not a matter of fanfare, I do not talk like this, I do not want to give motivation at all, sometimes I just want to give clarity to anyone.  So you have taken the decision, I did not get promotion due to being emotional and you are doing related electric field, then what do you have to do, you have to spend at least one and a half to two lakh rupees.  I will tell you how to do it for 6 months. The day your emotions become town, from the next month you will help only one driver, wherever you are. Private driver, manage a good cook worth 10 12 13 14 15 thousand, from somewhere very good to the best.  You will get 8 10 11 12 thousand rupees and water worth three to four thousand rupees. You will have to spend Rs. 25,000 rupees and do not worry about this. If you have to leave the job, then without  Even if you are on salary, you will have to survive on very little, so open your heart of Rs. 25000 now, change your wardrobe, change your madam's wardrobe too, buy good clothes, it is okay and then light Jinendra, you will stay for six months. Do this in 6 months, if your pain has reduced and you are feeling a little better, then the driver has to make a good dress for you, a white dress and he also goes to the shopping center near you on his basis.  The number is that you have to sit at the back of the car, madam will also go like this, okay and the cook has to show you a very rich person, you have to have a good press, you have to spend a little on his dress and the layout is good, the food is good, you have to be treated well and the owner is also You should plant such beautiful flowers in your garden that the neighbors will look at them well. You have to do these three things for show also. Self-satisfaction is what it is. You have to show it off a little too. Okay, after 6 months if you are feeling very good then this Basically, now you have to pimp your self-esteem again by following this program for 25 days and live your life like this. Or, in my actual, I still have some reason for leaving the job because I am in government jobs.  Rawatpur Awards and this is what happens, let me first say that there is no progress for the feathered friends, there seems to be a more modern increment on promotion, if all those people were in person for a few days, then the government is very good, I also feel the same.  Everything else seems to be normal. There is no salary in Frankfurt. It has been seen many times that three percent seems like the work increases so much, then these feelings will become clear to you. So in the decision that if you are in this booth, then I have started this.  Granted, but many times life situations are such that genuinely one of the parents at home is ill, has to stay away from the family, wife is working and is taking care of children's education.  I need stability, there are too many frequent postings, I am not able to stay with my family and because of this, I am traveling for the department of government, this is why you are saying that it is too much for me, I have to go with my family, then this chain starts coming like this in decisions. I have made some changes in this, so to give you guarantee on this thing, I do my consulting and give very creative things to the people, many people got benefited, so in that consulting, I have done my consulting.  There are 15 parameters created, my feet behind you are 15 meters, among them I share my top 5 here today for free. Kathua Top Pipe, the first among these ghosts is PHE, wife, wife, you leave the job, wife, Istm Mean Factor 's wife, does the job. Decision making will be a little easier for the wife. You have taken more votes for this season. He himself is becoming such a Devdas in his height that I just  So if you get RO then the personal has to go. Okay, my power is short, so I have nothing to do with it. Okay, so the wife has the vote. How is the wife's relationship with you, her parents-in- laws, that you have to come back to your area, the wife does not have to go. Wanted wife says Neetu, go to Mumbai and stay in Mumbai, how are you? Will have to crash the stock market with you, will have to pay in Mangalore, then she is the wife, Studio 9 board in this petition and shoot me light, yes, one thing is fine, working in these things, government job and stable.  Job is very much a saint's job, it is okay for relatives, so the biggest factor is wife, second step father, how rich is your father, how much money can you invest, how big is your pack, is he a little rich, middle class?  But it is middle class, rich, normal, against me, businessman, poor, farmer, what is his liability or can he support, so this is very important, so this factor is now what it is, I cannot change it, but this  This is a very big consideration, so it has become second as well as third. Cheers. If you don't have to pay rent to live nearby, if you have retired and have to pay ₹ 3000 as rent, then this is a very small consideration that your property can be there.  But it may be foggy but you can rent this property from somewhere else. If you have any property, you can also live in stupid property where you can directly tutor these parties. Everything is going behind now. It is okay if you like all this.  If you liked the original, please subscribe. If you are watching the forward and are already subscribed, then if you liked it, you can like it. If you find it all original, because the more you like, the more videos I can make on any other topic because  The topic is very big, a lot of conviction is needed, people are scared, people are scared, they need hand holding, they need guarantee, so there are three pieces, our fourth question is, how much trouble will you get, if you are leaving from a government job, then I believe. That is, pension and money after 2004, but the person who wants to go, what will happen before 2004, then his pension must be coming, okay, so I am bringing to you those people because I am bringing whatever this is to you, this is December 21st quantity.  This is the latest alarm, if you have to take a decision today, it means asking an old person that what was said 102 years ago and 3 years ago, the considerations which were there a year ago have changed due to various  Reasons are ok so I brought you the latest but to calculate how much pension you will get, is it taxable, is it not accessible, is it from this segment and what is your account of retirement benefits on that, how much loan will you get, that becomes important.  This is also one of the most important. Is it you or have I made a fifth plan? What is the answer to this? Do you have to go to India and do a job? Do you have to do that job? The best job is by going to India and getting a government job.  If you do this job in class 10th that I will go out and do a job, then forget it. Let me tell you about 20th December. If your plan is to go and do a job then forget it. If you think that you are a small child of 3 4 5 6 months.  You will do the course and after becoming such trim and proper, you will get a job outside. First of all, tell me if you have got a job after going outside, then you should be so white that you will get a job below that of someone who is 10, 12, 15 years old.  The only problem in a government job is that you can sell one, you can sell it, there was a feeling of hatred in working under a junior that you are not liking me but it is okay, you used to think that you are not yourself, but your heart is broken.  Now you are gone, then no, I do n't want to stay, I don't like it, I feel insulted, okay, now there is a video of mine, Beans Game Also, in that I have said all the things in reverse. This is the higher order thinking that is like running.  also things about  If I can, I will take that video ultimately, it is okay to watch my video, but a little bit of it is okay and I always say that my plan is not that someone wants to pour cold water on someone's hot pan and I block him or her.  Don't do it, I am not scaring anyone, if you want to take a decision, I will help you, but I am showing you the truth that what is there, you have to leave these four, I have already told you the parameters and factors, tell me first. Now what is this plant?  of the job You can leave the plant itself, there are a lot of jobs out there, now they are becoming less and things are becoming less and less. Correct word to calculate is not decreasing in importance. It is changing. Convention jobs are changing a lot. See one Navami Aa.  She has been telling me that even in children's career, I will cover that thing well. I have covered it in girls' career. Now I will cover gender neutral thing. Why don't I stumble in the front. I had this topic so I wanted to.  Attached for it is that you have to understand that the experience of the AP Express you are going to has no value in the market. What little punishment you have done has no value. If you continue in the same organization for 12 years.  The one who is your junior and the one who would have become your senior will have trouble with his eyes. You have a reputation. You have worked hard in that organization. Everyone knows what you are. No one outside knows what you are and what else. Everyone there would say like this, 10 years of fighting, including I will take you something in a Dominant or Acharyas meeting is starting, I would feel very bad even if I felt like water, whatever government organization he was in, our capability and everyone is aware of it.  What else is Rakhi? 500 friends, 3500 must have been below each person. This boy or girl is ten years younger than me. Okay, he will ask me questions. If you do n't feel the heat here, then you would have taken months. Yes brother, more than this.  So you were not going to get it, write this message and take it, and what is that time, WhatsApp message goes viral, being a counselor, I have also seen the exam people somewhere, getting down at the time of divorce, I do not want to have a relationship with this wife, at least take out the purse from this husband.  If I pose to someone, then in the second marriage, when there are many marriages, then to clear the stomach, I tell people in the marital conference that brother, listen, this note is the devil 's.  I have told you the rates of the videos, keep in mind that you should also snatch some more channels, okay, you will change hundreds of problems in others and at that time the compulsions will become so much that you will have to live, so I have told you five pieces, do n't be afraid.  I am staying at all and also let me remove one thing and tell you in the topic 5th that till 15th there was deep despair then I would have given an intervention so that now who has not said yes, I have to go, please help me get freedom, then about the sixth one.  The GPS setting is low, the Bluetooth setting is low, health is fine, your liabilities are there, your property is stuck, you have a loan of Rs 50 lakh, you have fun in your old life, I am clipping a lot, I wanted to lip and I wanted to roam, I bought cars thrice.  If you have spent all the money, then you will not get freedom like this because CR itself, in the first 10, 12 years and eight years of service, kept this mentality that if I had to take a decision that I would go to Rajdhani Attraction.  When I come to the goods train track, I will stop the goods train at my next station and then I will pick it up and go away like my Ferrari. The day I thought, there are chances of doing all this. But whoever thought, I will go to the Rajdhani tracks, I will go, I will go, I will go.  That change has suddenly put an end to everything, he will have to travel there again, my minimum experience is three to four years, there is planning for that much, you need it, anyway, you cannot come out with a person like this.  There is a family behind, there is a wife and children, there are two children, so there is a need for a planet in this. I touched a few things. How did I like this video? Let me remember it in a shot and finish it. There are more things to tell, but what kind of receiver will this video be, with what feeling was it taken?  It will go accordingly and I will make it further in the future. If anyone finds my words bad then please forgive me and as always, I have to give charity to the channel. If you are watching this video for the first time and this content should look good and different and original.  so it is Subscribe and if you like it then please feel free to comment in the comment section in which I will answer as much as I can and please take these five cigarettes and make balls next to them that if you feel positive in each one. Look positive, during positive period everything is going backward. Okay, so if you have found positive-positive positive then you are capable and if it is not coming then back tow witch.  You have to work hard, you will get freedom, it is okay, whoever wants it, but there are many situations like this, when you go to the swimming pool but someone drowns, then that person asks, what will I do after going out, every particle of it is an idol, I have to go out.  So those who actually want to go out do n't even ask. Those who ask do n't even go out. This is the back part of him. When he has to go out, he doesn't ask for the device because the man who finds himself fighting in the situation. How can I tell someone's mood inside the swimming pool and he is not able to keep up with it, every fiber of his being will say that he wants to get out, he will create this creature of mine, I will go out and ask him why he has come, why are he having a belly, okay if he likes it.  please like it thank you