Hello friends, today I have brought a little Max, I will tell you some interesting things about accounting and that is your investment journey, job journey, decision-making, when the media will help a little, today we will talk about the question cost of the car, that if you buy a car, then its  Let's look at the map, you buy a late car, you buy the vehicle equivalent to a car accident, which is calculated as on road price and you get Rs. 20 that you have to spend. I am talking about the on road price for buying the Disco, if it cost you Rs 20 lakh to buy the car then will this car come for Rs 20 lakh, let's discuss this, then if you withdraw Rs 20 lakh from your bank and buy the car.  So, to give these 20 lakh rupees, you will have to earn 28 lakhs because that eight lakh tax will be deducted, 28 lakhs will be levied on someone else, 28 lakhs will be taxed to the government, so 20 lakhs will be left which you can buy that car from.  If you buy then this figure of 28 lakhs, remember one thing, now you drive the car for 5 years, at the rate of 20,000 kilometers per year, you drive the car for 1 lakh kilometers, this gives you the average cost of fuel for 15 kilometers, it will cost you six like 60.  The estimated rate is around Rs. 60, now the base price of Rs. 60, which is the actual price of petrol without tax, is less than Rs. 2.5 lakh, so that too is yours. Now the taxes are going to be Rs. 60. When you have to buy petrol then you will have to earn only ₹ 1000000 because the 10 lakhs that you will earn is also on that, so you will get this much 6 lakh 60 thousand 660 rupees for your child's petrol.  Now 2810 becomes 38 lakhs, so this is 38 lakh rupees you have to earn for driving a car 1 lakh kilometers whose on road price is 20 lakhs.  The price of the car whose on road price is 20 lakhs, its registration, cockpit GST, first of all, the insurance paid by you and the rest of the taxes, back side effect, size, add it and the excise that the car manufacturer is also paying to the government on its product. That too, taxes are late, so you are getting something worth around ₹ 1200000, so that is a big deal, if you earn 40 lakhs, you are getting something worth ₹ 12 lakhs.  This is a calculation to utilize, in this I have included maintenance, I wish your insurance cost would be that, now even the tire will get stuck, rest of the things also seem to be spent, you know everything about them, you have to do an additional account, then the figure can be 4550 lakhs spent and if that  I invest the thing for 5 years or six years. If I cannot buy a car with the money, then the opportunity cost of it, if I invest it, will be 70-80 lakhs in actual.  If you can spend Rs. 70-80 lakhs, have you ever thought that if I do one thing in my life, that is, I don't drive, I sit at home? If it is specific, I sit at home, then will I be able to stay at home in five years?  I can work till so late, do you think there is something very wrong in this calculation or not? You have done something like showing a drunken game, it must be cheating, this is here brother, this is a mistake, so comment here.  Write in the section why did I tell you this to open your eyes because many people buy such cars two-three times in their working life of 15 to 20 years Rajdhani Deep 2015  Two-three times in 20 years, he will buy such a thing and then he will say that there is no money left, he is working hard and then there is more grinding, he wants to tell, this is accounting, he wants to.  Liquid now the job superintendent Peersingh running on treadmill this true questions make sure DTP planning department has given Bigg Boss you have to watch this even if you watch a movie of Rs.200 it already has its taxes ₹10 will be ₹60 ₹70 in this you know  How much tax is there in the ticket? So that time, the texture is text, but to buy a ticket of ₹ 10, brothers and sisters, you have to pay Rs 300.  You have to earn money, so when you are watching an Indian movie, you should know that I earn Rs 300, I tell you, stop all this live sugar, stop having fun, don't buy a car, don't buy clothes, do n't buy a mobile, there would be a button called excel cost.  And this is where I am connected with the job. Then comment that the businessman who has his own company, do rules and regulations apply differently to him, can he take depression, can he take input cost, is he a driver?  Salary, petrol expenses, how is his hunting done, job order, have you thought that you have learned in some school that your employer is the complaint company, in whose name are the vehicles you work for, your vehicles are in your name and if  I have calculated the loan cost and interest, which I did not do because many people may get into a debate in the comments. If I had taken the loan then it would have been Rs. 20 now.  If I have invested ₹ 1200000 and then I am also paying interest, then what would have happened if I got 7, 8, 9 percent, it would be visible in the calculation how many crores it would have reached. Hold this video and tell the children, listen, the children have to do screen time anyway, that too is pending in the video, okay, so I will tell you that but You might not have liked this accounting thing, but I am telling you that I have to take a hired car worth Rs. 20 lakhs from Simingali, I have to put on a show, I will wear glasses and get down from the car, and how much does it cost to buy it? And when you do this calculation, how much should a businessman study, then you will see whether you should do a job or not, for whom you are doing a job, this is not the topic of job series but now I have given the job to this person.  I am holding it and in the next few days I will extract as much juice as I can on that whole topic. How did you guys like the video? Tell me and every time next time when you change anything in your life with this formula in mind that how much I will have. To on to cigarette this you will become very senior in decision-making every time you buy something shift ₹1000 also you will have to and Note 4  ₹ 90 to Aphrodite Be it any thing and it has many different taxes, so we who are doing the job, we get the money also, taxes are deducted, then we pay tax on the things we buy from here, ₹ 100. Some day when  We will do the calculations, right? Now we will take it for whom, keep it, I am doing less for the government, I am working for Pagli, I am taking it for myself, keep it for whom, so this was the trailer, if you liked this one, then you  tell me thank you