Hello friends, this problem of middle class has reached the lower class, this is a very important video, there will be a lot of layering in it, there will be a big red flag of the society which I will tell, hence red type also has to be worn, red flag, red tie and this problem is the same as you. But this alarming thing has been heard before from my mouth and it has reached such proportions and I am going to give a clear cut guideline, I know that this will make many people troll and hate but society.  It is for the good of today, even among the poor people in the lower class, the daughter-in-law is not able to live with her in-laws, there is a maid, a cook, she works in six houses, but when she goes to her house, she is called  Your food is not good. Those six houses will say that the rich family hires a maid or the poor may not hire a maid. She comes to feed them but her family members do not like her food. This is a matter of pain for the boy and his parents. he is not ready to leave  The wife who works in six houses, where does she go, she is judged, her age is 25-28 years, she has a two-three year old child, her mother-in-law looks after the child, only then she is able to work. Saying that, I am tired in the last four years.  There has been a lot of difference over the years whether you live close or not, but if you live close, the mother-in-law is ready to keep the child, while living close is not ready to keep the child, the same problem is going on in the middle class.  You can't leave the child behind and rely on the nanny. We haven't reached that stage till now and according to me, this thing is right and not safe, so you have to keep it with your mother-in-law. Mother-in-law says that I will stay with you.  There will be a nuisance, the mother-in-law feels very used, see, after three-four years the child starts going to school, but I am talking about a small child, this is the red flag here, yes, if you are a girl and you are listening to me. if in the family  If you are going to get married where they cannot provide a separate house, then you should not marry your daughter. I am a marital consultant. People say to me that you have to sell the house, that is why you do more work than the house, so I will postpone the consultation.  What is it, you go, even if there are troubles, you will come to me. No matter how you live your life, I have your service ready for you. If you want to live, then you have to die, then you are ready. If you want to breathe, then you are ready. Don't blame me.  Don't blame me, in life as well as after life, we are people with LIC insurance, we are like this, you must have read this, so don't blame me, I am fit for the program everywhere, I am telling you again, many cases are coming.  I cannot live with the mother-in-law and father-in-law, who are the parents of the boy. I want to tell you that by keeping you, there will be no gain but only loss because you cannot keep it properly. This is also a truth of life because what is done properly.  What is the definition of keeping?  I do n't know, 2024 has arrived, what kind of systems are running in 2024, what will happen, I don't know, the previous generation thinks that my husband was tortured, I am doing 0, 110, so will it be okay, I don't even have the right to do anything.  My wife will not even tolerate this. Just think about it, understand this thing, it has taken the form of a big pandemonium. In many religions and societies, a separate house is given here.  In the majority religion, living together is celebrated, whereas our tradition was never like this, we do not know what Vanaprastha Ashram is when a child turns 25, when you become that old, where do you go, what happens.  Do you remember, you all know that this is a matter of concern beyond this, at the time of marriage, I will collect money from the entire family and buy a small cottage for the new couple, otherwise brother will live in it on rent.  This is the message, easy message and this message will keep on coming in such a way that now it is not necessary to stay even in the lower class, we cannot stay because this peace is required, every buddy needs peace and there is no peace by remaining together, earlier it was there because there were compulsions, now there are no compulsions where  There are compulsions, one has to stay there, but now it is not a compulsion, is n't it? A female lover, she is not like that to go to her office and get her things done like this and at home too, she gets the same environment like this.  It will not happen, it will not happen like this and this is a big red flag, marriage will not work if in the beginning someone is saying that I am not there, we will live together, we will not live together even in the same city, the city will change, the country will change.  And the boys who are listening to me feel very strange, he is saying very wrong things, he will not marry you, so what, you were there, he will not do what we say, don't paint me as a villain, your mother is not your mother anymore. Even mother-in-law after marriage And the mother-in-law was also once a daughter-in-law, after that you will know what will happen in life. Most of all, after one year of marriage, it is the boy who becomes the victim, the mother fights her own battle, the sister fights her own battle, such is the fate of the boy.  So this is a video for the benefit of boys. This is a video for the benefit of boys. So please understand that now the middle class is above the lower class, now even the lower class, if you want to use the word tantrum in this matter.  You can also throw tantrums, this is what has happened in the middle class when it has come there and this is pandemonium, this is not possible to live in a small town or a big city, there is no logic, now if you don't have money then brother, don't marry again, you can't keep it.  Do it when you can keep it, and for the girl's family also, if you are such a disperser, then you should get married and this house is no different, then what to do, the girl is heavy on your chest, you are feeling like such a girl, brother.  Then don't cry later then you  There should be a realization that even if we have divided such a place, they do not have the means to live separately, that is why in the future, more than one BH and two BH will be sold separately. In the future, instead of buying one big one, they will also buy two small ones.  You can, this is also a message, take a pass, everyone wants privacy, everyone wants to eat and drink as per their own, everyone wants to get up and sit as per their own, please you can do all these things very much before marriage.  You should clear it openly, you should not be shy. Towards this, I had done a pre-marital consultation workshop. If you take the membership of that channel, you will get the other wise. If you want to take it from the app, then it is Rs 7777, listen to it for two and a half hours.  That workshop was a very super hit. It has 30 unique questions that should be asked by boys and girls. Any consultant can ask. By watching this workshop, you can become that consultant.  And there are many people who are taking five to five rupees 101 thousand for one consultation. It lasts for one and a half to two hours. What is the point of asking? You just have to ask. The answers have nothing to do with the answers. Both of them are hearing that brother, it will be like this. This will happen because those questions are not asked in a shy person. This is the problem that questions are not asked. The biggest problem is because if the girl's mother asks then how did she ask, the boy is like this, he is beyond this.  Those things are there for you, so if you want to take that workshop then definitely take it, it will be beneficial for you. Thank you very much.