That Hello friends, this topic is that sex should be working and the advantages. And you will forward this to your wife who does not have a job or does not work, does not believe in money, I will focus on earning money, money can be earned even without doing a job. They have a lot of things to do and why does your wife have to earn money, what are its benefits? One is money, but what are the other benefits, we will discuss that, listen very carefully, hate and tell everyone else, those who do not do other jobs.  You have to fill your stomach during the day and now my audience is not lower class, middle class, middle class women do not sweep, mop utensils, what do they do, they worry for six to eight hours in the whole day, they can do anything. Because of this security, they do anything because it seems like work to them. Worrying about children, worrying about children's career, women who do not work themselves and worry about their daughter's career, this is a stupid thing.  There can't be anyone, whereas if your parents taught you, made something, did something and you are sitting as a housewife, then your daughter is also worried about her career. You were not able to get a career from there and you  Couldn't catch it because if you want to raise a child, then you wo n't marry her. She is on the child, her life will not go on, this is wrong, any number of other videos, those who don't earn money, sit at home, wrong role model for her daughter, does anyone feel bad?  So it is very good that after listening to someone telling something, Kanti Kanti participates in 19515 in Haryana, India, which means out of the women who can work at the age of 19, 19 are working and this 19 also has maturity next9 which is mid level.  There are other labor jobs because as soon as the salary and money are more than one, then the husband should not do the job to earn money. I will discuss this but the data is that in Pakistan. I work more than that in the Saudi area, 24 twenty-six percent. Now the data has come out from the convent and different agencies. You will be surprised to hear that female participation in Bangladesh is at 34 percent, at 34 percent, almost sixty percent more than India. Wonder bangladesh team is doing so well we bangladesh period sunday drink from pakistan now shame our country or disease our country that women we don't no no no we don't do home  Our women will not work outside, why are you not doing such work because two, four, five, seven, eight years are full of problems, marriage, child, pregnancy, small child, arrest, can work for a year, can create a human being, can create a special occasion, he can do that.  If you are not able to do that chapter clearly, then what should I do when Oscar goes to Ignore in Economy 350? I told you whether it is only the children's leaves that their wives have to work and say, after working and earning money.  Earn money, if she is not able to earn then she will respect you no matter how you are. Staying inside the house is too much. The lady took her bread that we take care of the house. Those who do the job also do not like the housewife in their house. People say that these days.  Friend, a homemaker runs a lot of challans, so what is the job that a homemaker does? This is Ambedkar. No matter how much you get yourself from within, no matter how much respect you get in your heart, you will have to do one thing in the society. Work from home. Do anything, I will bring that idea through Vyas also. You can connect with me if you have a practical idea, there will be no big expenditure and very good money can be earned, but first the intention should be to earn, watch Netflix. Talking on WhatsApp, talking to my mother, gossiping, spending money or being full of energy in the evening, I used to blink that by walking away from the office, you are hanging our society and Under Marital Counselling, we come to know that this is a big reason for Marital Collection of Energy Levels. Very soon the wife will also put in some effort, will earn money, will curdle her mind, so that the energy level is equal or when there are holidays or time, then enjoy.  There is no judgment all the time. In which house do you sit, then hang on the bar, for happiness, you take me around, mix it with my relatives, a million or two, we will do this, we will do this, very many. Injustice is happening with men, many people wrote in some of my videos, you look like an anti-woman, male solitaire, a man with some importance, I know that a man's energy does not run a house, and it is good, it is very good and  It does n't matter how the woman in the house is, the defense was the energy of the house. The house whose women are not happy can set the happiness that only the woman will defend, hence the focus should be on the woman. You should think that I think.  I am an ass, why should I ever explain to someone that they are using me to eat my tablets so that I can make men better, now I have covered you on this, I think you have to listen, the common man does not have a reservoir of energy.  The person who listens more will wake up in the morning, brush a glass, and then go to work, come back at night and then repeat it again the next day, repeat it everyday, loot it like change while you are sitting at home. Yes, while sitting, change the curtains, take another utensil, switch to mobile, women, I have done AB, I do different kinds of things, this is about Vaastu, talking about people, I have said to the leaves, I have said to you, 15 minutes ago  Come from home, you will find the wife resting, which is your time, the husband's activity starts, and the time is being filled with people showing us that, many of you will feel that anti-females are being created, it is okay if you feel like it.  It should look like a bunny  You keep it because I want to make the women of India aware that we have lagged behind Pakistan in this figure and see the role of Pakistan in this figure and what we mean is that we are so eager that we do not want to work, our women will not make money because of your self-interest.  Esteem will travel, do I have to worry as a child? Brother, as soon as children turn 7, 8, 10, they start doing their own thing, I have to worry. 28 year old, 30 year old, 35 year old children also keep doing it.  your  How is your daughter-in-law? Well, how is your mind, how is my mind? Well, your arrangements are done with the child, you have set it, well, this is done, no matter how much homework you do, what will you do at 34, then what will you do in this thing, set it, menstrual cycle would have come.  There is a mission, hormones go up and down, MP syndrome occurs, after 12th the children, whether they were yours or not, everyone goes to college to wish them anywhere, then after that their job does not stay at home, the husband is on the job.  How to be empty, how many jagratas will you go to, how many satsangs will you go to, that is also necessary, half an hour time will pass, tell me yes, you went to the park in the morning, then narcissize that if it is 10 to 11, if you do it, what will you do full of virtues, then lunch is one and a half. Who will come to eat lunch? There are children at home. How much has the husband packed and taken away? How much will you hold whose tail to pass the time? Till then you will suffer from all kinds of diseases. Look at the qualities of women who did not work. Early Latest Look at this, weight is increasing, diabetes shows, thyroid is very high, then that is because many ladies get irritated with me even through astrology, all my methods, Surya does not see such lack and sadness in their house, but  If the next time was nearby, if the time had not passed then he wanted to pass the time. Many ladies are worried about their husband's behavior - brother, will my husband get promotion or not? What will happen to us? Hey, you worry about yourself or do something about yourself.  not like that  Why can't a woman's high thoughts do anything? The husband who has been lagging behind in his job for 2025 years should find the way to freedom. You have opened your booty, you have cut off that service. You must have some talent. Tablets cannot have months without tender.  How will you understand that teaching the technique of raising children is also a huge monetization? Those who explain and show the best monetization things, please women of India, please please start earning money.  I am talking about earning money again and again, I am not saying that by doing a job, put the earned money in the employment exchange, or if I feel like getting a job, what should I do? Many women are not even doing any of the dead thousand ways of earning money, but the percentage.  Take a lot of secondary because they are not maturing because to do everything they consider their work as small that in Gujarat ladies earn a lot of money and do not lose anything small at all Amanate Maharishi Ladies  Husband will be a diamond merchant, even then he will sell papad, his mango pickle will be saved, but he will earn his monthly target of Rs 50,000, 1 lakh 1.5 lakh. Patti is playing in crores because he says it is mine, it passes his time and does networking. And if you get a purpose in life, how far will you go? I use the word again and again because it does, it does, and it becomes such an energy, because as long as it remains in it,  If he comes from outside, he would say, "She is sitting full of stories, she has to tell some story or the other, today I know this is what happened to your mother, yes, your mother did this, this is how she said, this happened at home because you wanted to listen to her mother's words."  She would have gone for it and made a smart move to get out. It is the work-business for which you have set out, this is the set up that you guys are living with parents, what a good way for a boy to go out for hours and hours and even where it is not.  Hey, you are still yours  There are 10 to 15 practical leaders to do anything from replacing the house itself. Whoever is interested can do a webinar on www.whatsapp. I had some ideas in it. I will look at the links etc. and I will share them so that whatever you can do with those things.  If you like it better then you understand that there will be 10155 of them, pick your tablet, do it and please, speaking to the energy in the house does not give a positive result that you have used that incense and incense stick.  It doesn't happen by just putting in the money and ringing the bell. Where the mother is also ready to earn money and there is respect there, she who is your daughter or son can use the system for that. If you people work first then your GST number. Director Number Cooperative Minister After Again Private Limited, all these scooters will be yours, how to do it, after that finding the product and selling it will give you time to do all these things, how to pay the tax, the way to fill it, this is the product, today you have a product child.  to tomorrow  It can be divided into two, it can be divided into 10, it can be between 20 lakhs, there is no tax on service up to 40 lakhs, the society is now paying no tax on it, it is not a hassle, if your turnover is 30-35 lakhs, if it is in the name of 11, then there is a problem.  No, and if my daughter is 18 years old and has a business under another name, then I am the third one. Do you do business worth Rs 70 lakhs? Is there any hassle of GST in the beginning?  If I am telling you clearly, then this thing is an empowering thing. I will definitely tell you that this video is not meant to show women down but to uplift them, wake up women, wake up Pakistan and leave it behind. Is it a one percent yagya? Am I the only one who insisted? As much as I can, I will invest one percent, how many women will there be, how many will be around 60 crore women in class form, how many will be around 40 crore, you girls are not very old, okay, so out of that I will get only 40 crores.  We have to approach lakhs to mute Pakistan because this is a bush, so looking at them it will not seem that we are our women behind them because yes, there is a more free environment in our country, so you believe this much for women. From the country, from Saudi Arabia and even more than that, if they have gone ahead of us then this son, I you have to cross check, Bangladesh is sitting at 14%, brothers and sisters, it is sitting at 34 cents, we are sitting at 19 and  In our 19th year, if we remove the low level work which is being done by a laborer like Ballia Lo and Robin, then the late salaries are above ₹ 3000 and the salaries above 30 thousand, then five percent are women.  That is not the participation, so this is the strange number you have ever seen, if I press the boys and men, then the girls who were with you were from the school, who had good marks and very good marks.  Rude, everyone is busy, has everyone got a government job, how is he or she, she has disappeared, is not doing anything and is in touch on Facebook, take out your time, ask your wife, I know many people.  I am the one whose marks are very less than my wife, who is 10th and 12th urin graduation, but he is earning money and the one whose marks are good, what should we do, you tell me what to do, okay, I will try to tell.  If you are the one doing it, then it is okay, then W Woman, when it is okay, then we will join for her, we will learn it, okay, we have been doing this since 2018, we are going to coach 2225 people of 22 years of age, we will leave it, if we have to, then we will leave it.  When As and Astrology came into existence to insult, then that's all our real life is left, now what can we do, hey can we earn money and what else can we do 35 years 36 years 38 You will be 8, 9, 10 years old, your children will be 8, 9, 10 years old, okay now come and set things up for them, you can work from 38 years to 78 years and once you come in the market to work, then  There will be networking, you will get to learn four things, your children's worries will go away, your husband's career worries will go away, your health will get better, I am telling you all these benefits, first of all, you will not worry in life, there is no time to worry, you are getting a call during work time. send a hug  It has been given, you are about to come, you come, we are about to come, money has arrived, good money has been received and respect has not come, oh this is what happened to you, they are tired and it is good for Bittu and Chhotu too, you have to make good tea for madam, make good tea here, right here. We will start having a lot of fun friend, the light will be busy, everyone will get confidence in me too, a smile will appear on the face and then our own like minded female relatives and mummy ji, mummy ji, take some rest in 24 hours for two hours. Must subscribe 133 How to control this girl She should sleep on time Effective solution This sleeper sale happened mostly She doesn't do it even with the owner And the husband who is listening to me and who likes me Many people like me  There are very good comments in the comments. If you start the work for mother, mother and wife, then see that the energy of both will be released while fighting. Mother-in-law and daughter-in-law work very well in Gujarat. Close I have seen that only in the society it is meant that the society type of women will work, will earn money and will not live in shortage of money, then they will go out for a walk, do their shopping, ask for money from their husband and want this because my parents are in poverty.  He would reply back by paying so much money and it means a lot in the house and how to make fake appointment of that man's children, big and small, and hatred feels like a curse, I would have had so much strength there. I did so much work in the house that oh so many women subscribe that means that if you are appointed to some extent then you and your thoughts can go away and the woman has a child of 50,000 months also, how if you have to take the lower side from these more  In front of practice, it could have reduced to Rs 78 lakh. If you subscribe, it will be Rs 499, then you will get 60,000 need money. It is a lot to get ₹ 2000 per day.  And I am telling all the mothers and sisters to check the maids in Gurgaon, they are earning Rs 20,25,000. Hey brother, when you ask the person who sweeps, mops utensils or cooks at home, she can earn Rs 2025 from her, so aren't you Rs 50?  You can earn, tell me if I feel bad then I will be successful because this video was made to make you feel bad, so that you feel a little bad about dandruff, do some work when you  If you work, then you will not worry about your house, you will worry about your work, then you will get confidence, then you will feel that my children will also do something, I am also doing it, I have established so much, my child will also join me, girl.  If you are a boy or a boy, then we have to do this. How many people are ready to do it? Please write in the comment section. You can WhatsApp me as BW. You can also write below and how many people are ready. Then write the team. Go ahead on Ispat.  like to descend  That this and this neck are taking to guarantee, to create a new motivation role, I absolutely hate this word motivation, yes yes you motivated us, we got motivated and then the next day we became fat, meaning we will be fat, okay, something happened.  I felt very good tonight, I will do something tomorrow. Ramdev ji also says that doing means doing Kapalbharti, I keep looking at them, then I will do something that day, otherwise Kapalbhati Anulom-Vilom, tell me the benefit, keep looking at them, it feels very good.  If you like it very much then you are watching it, it feels good and by doing it, if you want to do good, then you will have to do it, and please leave those countries that I told about, at least it is good that there is so much work that no one can do it. People say that they are demanding a man's share and if they do a job then they will be snatched away from the man, this is a big misconception, I will clear this also, it is okay with you people, thank you hey A