That Hello friends, a timeless property has come into the hands of Delhi. This is a project of organizers for professionals from doing them for top that from Thirteen Fourteen CR to Purpose is Heart and in Delhi there are all the Janpaths, Janpaths and the paths nearby, you understand.  Okay, now people will say why are you staying, you have to see, according to me the price point is right, it is like Mongolia is the queen at the goal post of Gurgaon, whereas many things are expensive for a family, so this is it.  If the situation is in Delhi then the validation is justified, this is an address and here there is only one certificate per unit per year, this is a very exclusive 1527 star facilities, it is very good for Kheer Versus, those who have this kind of money should come.  If you want to go for rental, it will be very good to very good due to which the time properties are time lifted, the technology being used inside it will be amazing, meaning it will be original and the intention is to make it like that.  And subscribe friends, if you get a tent tent in three to four years, then it is not so that once I meet you well, get 3 to 4 minutes, get cheap, according to your profile, entry is anybody's profile in Germany, you are not still able to, morning food.  By committee, 24 apps of the world have been identified, which means there are some hidden solutions like someone is an investment banker, someone is very big in Dubai, in the Supreme Court, these kind of people are there, which means profiling. According to this, it will be fun. If you don't subscribe to the live channel, then many people keep roaming on the left side, then all this, if you subscribe to mid-day.com, according to me, Scooty price is far in just Amantha Road, the thing which is late is 2324 CR.  It will go big. I am looking at a five year horizon. When you get it completed in four years, I am aiming for one year after that. It will be double plus extreme. Details in  Case you want oo have to is vansh value properties and fast dushmani sudha some people may not have imagined money button daman e request the railway minister to forest to once if it's too much then it would be necessary to hear that kal mere ko aayi aayi on this you  Meaning, if we talk at some level, even if we are a little older, we make a video on that too. This division's audience is a lesson and we need no rice, please $1 and rupees, no what is happening. 7278 going on in a year. Don't know where your running sign is. Dollar is this hybrid. No money in the heart of Delhi. Delhi, in the heart of Delhi. Perfect location. So a timeless property, a life-long family thing. You are also handed over. Flights operating between 2223 feet to 3000 feet are available at 21 22 23 24 minutes from the top of the Fourth which is very unique.  The concept is very good. This is a very good opportunity for the people of New Delhi. Edit mix value for money in these times. Now compete with that other project. Okay, so the value for money is better than them. Density is around 4045 as I told. Okay, so it is very different.  Nice product, it is for very few people, the ad is not at all fussy, you understand, where there will be 45 units, whatever will be increasing, ok hop, what do you have to do, whatever Interested, I have to WhatsApp n n word to-do list whatsapp number for details you can connect me and whatsapp n n for november ok but whatsapp and more details of rising in everything can do subscribe money have to see once thank you a