Hello friends, there was a lot of demand on this topic and I had also promised that the topic is top floor apartments, there are towers inside the societies, people have extreme reactions regarding the top floor of the towers, so today I have to address you all.  Regarding this, even in the affordable market, if many people send the topping brother, then yours is gone. If the top floor is so bad then why is it made at all and then why does anyone buy it because if the top floor is  The floor is bad, if you remove it, then after removing it, the lower floor will be formed. You can subscribe, the content is very good, navigate on the channel, then come to the floor, what is the psychology on the top floor, brother, it will be hot, so we have to see.  How much heat increases whenever something is in perception, quantify it. The average rent of a 2 BHK in one year is 55 for a four man family, husband, wife, two children.  If the average is Rs 60000, it would be a lot of waste. If someone works from home only, will not leave the house and will do the bus, then Rs 65000 will be spent. If he lives very frugally, then Rs 40000 is fine. There will be no need to drive anyone above the seventh floor, it is not like that, first thing. Secondly, complete research has been done on this, even if you invest 10%, the premium would be ₹ 5000 per year. Top floors of very big brands in apartments.  8-89 lakhs are also available cheaply in the project and whatever group we have under my influence, which is my core group etc. which does investment where I also participate, we have taken the above because Rs 1000000 is short of Rs 9 lakh. Meaning, if I have to pay more electricity bill of ₹ 5000 then I have to pay 1 lakh rupees in 20 years and if I am getting 10 lakh cheaper, then I am getting 10 lakh cheaper. byaaj if I invest 10 lakhs then I will get 50000, Dilip in MD comes for 55000, good according to the object, no one is jumping on you, third thing, there is no energy exchange in Maven Construction, so the temperature you have done in my van.  The roof of the entire building which is under construction nowadays, you can go and see how many of them are there which are not visible in the camera, they are so wide like this, on top of that I have one thing for you.  Telling everyone and this is not for apartments, in four years there will be no building which will not have solar panels and only the light will be reflected, which is now under the name sign Green Building Norms. All the high rises will have a water tank on the top. Whatever area of ​​the place you have, if you have some solar panels, then there will be protection there also, but the important thing is that there is no negative in it as much as people have been saying and now people will not speak on perception. Rates are based on all the perceptions. Rates are based on agre but this perception is also changing slowly. When practical people will start living in my van then the realization will come. There is no shortage in the top floor, access is your roof, privacy is on your head.  But there is no dog And you get this freedom You don't get the shadow of any other tower If you all have read trigonometry You know this one is this one If it is here, then if it is here, then if you apply its time theta, then the shadow has been there till here, okay, so in this, the shadow will not fall on this one, it is at the top because you will apply that formula because of its height and its height.  The formula will also be the same. Many times people feel that psychologically, the old quality has become better. There is no need to worry about this in future. This video is a kind of start to break this trend. But gradually the market will discover that if you go to Mumbai, you have to pay PLC for the higher level, there is no PLC for the lower level, on the contrary, the higher you want to go there, the more money you have to pay because the lower level is far away from the garbage.  You will go, even the sound does not come, even the flies and mosquitoes do not come, there is relief from the troubles, it looks good, you want to see the sea, everything is fine in Mumbai, then what is below, whatever is their raita is spread, the garbage of Mumbai is spread above it, everyone wants to go for you, okay.  Is  If you want to take it for yourself, then it is wonderful, there is no problem, okay, I hope that what I told you in this will give you a little bit of a different perspective. There is no hit exchange in mymen construction, which is the walls and roof and the kind of  If you cool it down then it doesn't get heated quickly and if you heat it up in winter then it doesn't get cooled down, so this is a very big one. Many more of my videos have been made in this. You can go and watch them on my van. Top Floor in End Affordable.  Out  Keep it because it is not easy to get affordable, it is okay and it does not matter what you are saying or not to do, the position is not even gone, I told you only 3-4 percentage, so if the house is 3-4, then 2 is released, okay, but then  Also, I had quoted four-five thousand rupees for the round figure, so if you cancel, then it will be Rs. 50,000 or just Rs. 50, after applying GST of Rs. 58,000, the penalty is the same, so what you have done.  Electricity bill for 15 years would have been more, you are paying it only to reject it, then there was a new prospector. Hope you like it, thank you very much.