That Hello friends, for the first time on the channel Top Gun Maverick will review a movie, the sequel of Top Gun, its result will be explained in it, the reason for this will be told in the cut, you guys might have watched some of the movies, you want to watch something and I will tell you why you should watch it.  It will be a very good review, the reason for this is that after doing this review, there will be no spoilers on it, so even if you don't watch it, you can watch it, nothing like this is going to be written in Vikas, so watch it comfortably, why should I do it because eight-ten  After a day, because when this movie will be over, the fever will be over, the movie will be gone, then I will do that on this 10 Lessons Which You Can Learn Life Lessons Which You Can Learn From The Movie That will be very, very good Last date for a movie of Shahrukh On that I will do that Many people benefited by pasting a very soft copy on the presentation, similarly when I will do this review, you have to see it, but when I will do the same life lessons, you can also cut the copy and paste it, if your favorite game line is f4.  They are going to sing leadership alarm, whatever it is, you can easily steal the content and show it to everyone. People say that they copy your content and you don't care. Message and teaching is very important. It does n't matter who is saying what, right.  If it is, then I will tell you everything thoroughly while waking up even the Guru. End African Tag 9th Well, you are taking this movie very lightly, this movie is a movie to watch, it is okay if you have not seen this movie in the hall now.  If you ever see Hole, you will be able to see it. The only biggest thing is that whatever its effects are, you will see them tomorrow on Netflix Prime, after 2 4 6 months, that man will come. Okay, this is another iconic movie which, if not its Part-1.  See, the thing that came in 986 is easily available. The thing that is available only on 920 and 820, check it out. If you don't want to see it, you can see it and it will come. Okay, so the first big thing in this is that I want to know.  The feeling is that this city is visited a lot, if you don't subscribe, then normally you keep showing it with toys in the movie. You clearly do n't subscribe to the child, but in the movie, it is used here and I am going to give you this ship, isn't it?  It can be effective in India too. Today we can also buy F-18 and through the internet, we can also buy it. This movie will inspire many boys and girls, our children, join us for the finance.  Professional is fine which is the difference of country is very good hatred and also very good for them in India it is fine so in this it is excellent so you are real real real everything is fine subscribed so it is that Indian in itself is not putting it down  We also have a lot of extra fiber here, if it plays a role, then in our motion, that star is seen in the roles, in patrol hair, see this note, Tom Cruise is the biggest, it is okay with the use of this movie, that is him.  Strongly ₹ 100, even then turn off the subscription when you see that our people often sleep on them and it becomes so dominant that the character would not have remained the same. If you watch historical dramas, like its dialogue style, subscribe, then this is all yours.  There are a lot of directors in the characters. * There is access point to the characters, so how will you see the star, okay and for this city, these people have also done a lot of training and because they  You will see that there is that thing on the face, you can click on it with some ghee ad, you 5 6 7 8 9 0 If your body is cells, then subscribe, then 6 and that is visible on the face, Neem, these people have subscribed.  It is an Indian movie, if you mix it, we will take it from Mudde to Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge, I am telling you an example of each soldier movie, some had seen it, some had subscribed, it was very good.  No, and she had not come to the Hindi movie theater at that time, but if you share it with people and what they say, subscribe, then those people who are on the wrong side can also watch it. Send a message in English with the subscribe movie In Honor of the British. Subscribe to this channel Subscribe to the channel And that builder will be there, what is happening, people must be crying, okay, normal, we make fun, there is some machine emotion, Naseeb movie, and so what?  They were breaking and dripping and the man was enjoying like this, the girl was crying, this is humanity, it's okay, hair, see, it's not like ladies should go, will find the subscribe, tweet, this is not subscribe, she puts you to shame now.  I won't do that, it's okay but you can also lock the situation screen like you see if he has to call when he is not reducing his speed so to reduce it more.  Have to complete because Tonic Whiskey is not subscribed till quarter inch, there is a little bit of this which will soon enjoy him, this is what is happening, okay, this is in a few scenes now, like he launches a missile, he is running Redmi, that's why he wants it, otherwise that's why Now he should be there so take some such liberty for him remind me to do oil and you will see that a fighter pilot and when you watch Venus dinner then this release why does he eat more matches than Mahendra Singh Dhoni, work in school work so  They are going to do all those things okay but and you this one thing Virat Kohli one below Virat Kohli one will suit all the issues in the army and subscribe that subscription to you that you know a few years ago some of us had gone to the hills like this so Stay connected to this is one of the mix is ​​to go down the hills to do this na I will do whatever program I had Okay so from that you can hit the subscribe button thanks you'll never get to see it's people you'll never get  To See How Two People Think How Two People Behave In Real Life Make One Of Them Peanut Butter Smudge Proof And Obscene Release This Not About People Standing And Border With Against Prime To Stop Practical In Coming Inside In The Recent And Being Replaced By Your Function  Daughters of the country and in the refresh hour, the guard is okay that someone black should be seen and my brother is sitting, Reddy has  In this platform that he will see, in this matter, he will give it to Neeraj here and there, Air and Water is very exciting and in this year Diploma in Protein, everything will be good, it will be good, it will be fun, so it is summer holidays, there is something good for the children too.  You will get to see normal movies and will be released Jhalar definition Vikas Watch your movies in the army And here surgical strike has become the nodal officer, the rest is made in the Indian movie What did I think while what is made is this  Types of topics in which patriotism rising is related to this because ultimately you have to release that patriotism can be caused because to this extent, professionals are working for fixing. Just imagine if you see that someone goes to fight with an army of lakhs and two lakhs. How many people are there in this limited area, how much of each other, some of our children, some of our own, 3458 today, some mother's children of our own and other territories.  I go and he is afraid and he is afraid, he is the enemy because when he is worth Rs. 15 crores, it is okay with all his frills, then he is fine, on top of that, the week is more on him, then he is the inspiration that just imagine hair tips life versus flowers. Country: Four men have entered the country, you will get to see the joy inside someone in this movie. To give it extra flat with your country, I believe that in our country too, Feel Mikus has succeeded in making a movie of this level.  It will take a lot of hard work, people have to work very hard for 15-18 months, from fitting the cameras to training and in that, he was an actor and a cameraman and at that time he also had his make-up teacher and took the deposit here also. Everyone was doing their own thing, okay, so India has that tight intel, we have it, okay, this one is better than this, this one will also come, Rafale is also there, I hope to see it may be there one day, very  Near fir wearable to produce movie do n't forget to subscribe and subscribe no point of time in the storm water every scene subscribe body language is the talking in doing in direction subscribe bhi bhi aati hai gets into different he play soil is marvel ok is obscene  Film upload speed and the kind of activism in this very very maine ki नायन्त तो रहता है please subscribe to subscribe Hindi Movie Movie Movie Movie Subscribe So many of these are expensive pictures, as many holidays are going on as those of you who have watched, please type it and those who have watched it, please delete it if you go to watch it on the policy that you have watched it.  So the size is the body, the face will be visible, the age will appear to be forty-fifty and add some lights. Friends, if it is okay then like it, then I will understand that yes friend, the audience of this too is an animal, otherwise it is not like this.  If people are busy in all the subjects then it will be good for me also because it is my channel's job to interest you in life, to make life interesting myself, to have good conversation, desire to be an interesting person and having 360 degree view of life and subject and object.  Shivling 20 When I tell you about the learning, there will be a lot of learning for the corporates. 14 There will be a lot of learning for the corporates by stealing my content and making presentations for their own.  Remember to impress the seniors, it is okay to be happy and then I will become that but if you have not seen the movie then you cannot make that presentation, you will not understand till now then the movie if you have and many boys and girls work on their own.  If I tell you then please watch this one, like this one and share it. Thank you Hey A.