Hello friends, today we will discuss about affordable housing. Top ten affordable housing of Gurgaon add on me. So, if you are from any of these or have applied then you can write your number that the one in the country is mine, the fifth one is mine, this is the fourth one.  It is close to my A75, if you also do not come then there is no need to be angry because there is not much difference, I will tell you how much difference can it be if it is not available in this country, it is 10  What I have taken is that I caught the location, many people forget and I increase the questions on them and with that I will tell you how much do you make from it, how many people may also be appointing the name of their daughter, so I took into consideration.  If I tell that, it will take 20 minutes. Let's start it a little like this. Okay, let's start from number 10. Yasmin comes at number 10, who comes at number 10 in the top ten societies of Gurgaon.  Your allegation is that Atul has said about the things of Sector-93 that it is a corner plot of Brinjal Centimeter Road, it is a very good location and a huge amount of infrastructure is coming in that area. Commercial and his own commercial is that the opposition people are there, it will be very good commercial.  I am not saying to buy at all, it is an added advantage which is affordable housing, so it was mine at number ten, here is my story of Gurgaon based on New Gurgaon that I will tell you.  In the first minute, I start from there, search for the first number, then I will keep giving the arguments in between. On the tenth number, it is on the normal number, Sector 80 ML Gym Meridian, it is absolutely Brinjal, located on Pataudi Road, itself becoming obscene, becoming a huge national highway.  The same story is being printed about New Gurgaon, which I will tell you when I do a cover. This side and that highway will be built by the end of the year and the connectivity with the expressway is also very good, so no. Number one was estimated from this very good builder is a great builder ok so ninth number goes to Kunku or number 8 MRG purple bean logic brinjal 9 meter road is very comfortable on this kind of road if it is then this vangi is inside top ten  Well, on Thursday, school etc. Army Hospital is next to it, after that comes Apna at number seven, MRG is at number seven, I will tell you in the ultimate reality show, you can enter and one more thing.  If the item is going to come, it will also be of quality and it is being made by Marshall Tito, it is an extension of this, he is behind this, in a few days, next to the hospital [music] soon, he is indulging in this, removing the plastic. Gurgaon University is coming, there is an open area, many children come here to work in Manesar and go back to their villages from where they come, now they will stay here, whoever from your Pataudi, Rewari Mahendragarh, Palwal, Mewat and Srijan.  If we travel, then urban, remote and good for the University Sandwich Community Center, where yes 5,000 will be started, its temple will be running in all 5160, its eco system will be curved, so many children are college residents, then the faculty of all that school will be perfect and this Opposite on Wally Road, there is a space of a private university, which is another advantage of removing tax on income any time in 5 to 10 years. This going to cash withdrawal engine Ali for the project for this healthy table 2018 turned 19, due to this, the first six number of thing age, according to me, you can consider it as Royal Green City Two, it is fine according to the location, on top of this  A big misconception is being spread, even the power in the swan's stomach, wrong affidavits are being made, I do n't know why this is happening, what is happening, I mean, someone should take care that brother, these people subscribe  Don't do it, what is his compulsion, you use your mind, okay and in your own way, ask someone, see some of your consultations, get yours done, okay, you will spread till Indians to apply, it will be local from my side, this is from my side  From the number I told you, it used to come at number five, that is 66, this one is the number of its five, number five, it means people's lottery and it has the highest number of applications for subscribing to my channel, more than anyone who has not been religious till date.  let's go  On our Dwarka Expressway, at number four on Dwarka Express, when we had come till five, we come to the atomic number, quantity enemy point 102, it is a very good piece, it is a good player, it is a good thing of the Sangh, it is a thing of the Sangh, subscribe because to bring the government.  I will tell him that on number 3 but I will take this to Doob School number 66, many people had come, you know that in 16, the house was done on top of Dividing Road, so according to me  Whatever it is, it is the number 12 affordable housing. Now coming to the topper affordable housing, if you hear its name, then many people will say like this and how did they say this, it can be both like this, I am saying this after thinking, okay number one romantic, from this you will know.  It will also work, how should the writing be done, okay, I mean, everyone keeps asking which font is good, which font is good, then it is on the top, if the results of G 11271, apartment air will say builder, then I will not top it, I will minute more.  Says A, I don't say great at all, I am fine, second, oh brother, only high tension is going in this, this retention only is also going and that is its accused, there is 5 plus acres of land and 4G tower in two acres, one of them is high tension.  It is going on that all the flour will be free from below, it is opposite to 114 sector, it is opposite to 113 tractor, all the commercial is coming there, it depends on that.  Brinjal, which is 100 meters inside the 60 meter road going behind our target, even 24 meter road has not been made in that form, I know that too, I know that it is a very clean program from the very beginning.  Ok but brother it will be made, you have to see that the highest gravity is Edison investment, if you see then the best one makes 59719 tractors every day, nothing is there, nothing is there but that is not needed, it is pure 2BHK, this is its  If there is significance then it will be very good in terms of best teachers, there will be no family where Jatin will be there, it will be family oriented, rental in here will be very good, the other one is 2BHK of 601 square feet, the other one is 570 principal 2BHK and one small one as I tell you.  If there are two towers then two and two and four towers then there are two towers like this, now they have two attached to each one but they are connected in the middle i.e. If I go to this place with the help of Vaklip, then I can go to this place also because after traveling through this, now it is a small matter but the waiting time is within affordable because of the earliest and the number of lights come, then if I interlink it, then who In Charlie Store, any given point of the ad and any lift may be vacant. You understand that if I made a comment in the middle of the corridor, then it would be as bad for me as this one and a little less for me.  45 less people have to go here, this one has climbed empty, it is a small thing but in practice there is a lot of difference, do you believe this and that area, it will become completely commercial, there will be at least one to one and a half lakh jobs in this area.  It is not like it will happen after 5 years, it is okay that this project is going on with a delay of eight-ten months, it is not that it is going on very fast, two towers are standing in my house, two more are being built, okay.  If so, let's go even if you are late. Like many other projects going on, it has also become a hindrance but still the rules because the nearest page from Delhi is here till the Delhi border. If you see the text of Zero Kilometer Society from here, then after going to Gular, Delhi is zero kilometer.  Along with this, she is going to Delhi and then she will leave yours, she goes away when she leaves for school, it is 5 minutes away from mr16, this here from Delhi and this society, this can happen and take it because this channel  You can subscribe and it was from other builders, ours was there or there are some different builders which are good builders but that too is not the one with 24 meter road, it will come in the top ten, okay then it will be called RE60, so your rank is 248.  But then the location can be put in it, there was a demand, so I told that now I would like to tell you that if you also ask questions about how the war took place, then if it is very good then friends, it will be given for ₹ 10. Yes friends, if it is very good then it will be worth ₹ 10. If it is good then it will be worth ₹ 10 and if it is bad then it will be worth ₹ 1.90 and if it is very bad then it will be worth ₹ 1.8. If it is worth ₹ 100, then if you take ₹ 100 then it will be worth four.  If the position is held in a year, you can sell it for one year, then the thing will be 210 that if it is very good, then friends, then it is just a matter of this and if you get the difference, then someone's current is coming. 20019 1817 I am not telling this to anyone and if you subscribe then you are seeing it being done in today's time. Even today we have got good results. Today's susite use it. We are Suncity. There is an increase in 43 44 lakhs. Suncity is in the resale market.  102 Coldplay One To Liquid 10 Gram Butter If I speak about many people then according to them they were small according to the past and now they were small 102  I started running towards subscribe 10 in express like this and if someone in that you want then I will make it okay you your top more please you tell me please like share it lives that praise rent rental will decide the price in  Long rent is the real thing, on that, 30 rupees are given every month and if it is sold every month then he will decide and after thinking very carefully, I got up and boasted about it.  If you like this then you may have committed suicide, it could have also happened at number 107, subscribe, you will have to bring it again, so it was logical, it has been brought, please like it, thank you.