Hello friends, the topic of today's video is Frequently Asked Questions on Affordable Housing in Gurgaon Iodine Previous Videos Anand Subject and Have Been Living Out of Course of the Sit On This Subject is Tuition 7 Most Popular Questions on the Topic Panel Among Offering All Works in this point different subscribe The Channel It's a request to subscribe Video like Share and Villagers Were Not This Topic Who Is All In This Specific Do It Is Any Body Can Buy The Cricket Aadhaar Number Is Loot To The Application And The Government Ruling Is That You Can Buy Only One Per Family Show His Future Husband Wife Is Parents Considered Andar Family Shivling  His Hunger His Android Children about eight years of age are from another country so practically  15.23 Of Fame But In The Name Of Parents Your Sale Or At Its Services Aspirants Celebrity Contestants It Was Said That Fixed Subsidy Fair Rate Seller Government Price Is Cat ₹ 4000 Per Feet Carrier Sudra Ise Sale Puck All The Superintendent Of Police Is Second Question Sports Till Limit  Not the price and this project normal within the price very from shyam accident subscribe quid  Suhaag Ke Founder Feet Can't Fit At All Reference Subscribe Newly Appointed Vidra Draw Subscribe Chances Are There Are Sixty Five Percent You Have To Pay 50% On The Allotment You Gave Along With The Application When Drama Nikal Gaya Dot Is 1521 Days After Successful Hai Rough And The Deathly Pic Let Me Send After that, the 70% which is digested, you have to take 12.5% ​​of it in 6 instalments. If the loan amount is around Rs 34 lakh, you are normally within your range, then you are done with one application and if you have not subscribed, then subscribe that if you want a loan, then you get it at two specific points on time.  Let's take the name of the one who is not earning money in the family, it is the skill of the person who has the eligibility criteria, then in PM Awas Yojana you also get subsidy of 2.6 loops and in the same  According to the condition, the second question of the members is the third question, its ready to move in, which one is not the contact for updated elimination, but when the project is launched, you apply, there are only two or three projects that are ready to move in, here is the lemon.  You have been accused of combining the positions of two or three points of the signature and the positions are just beginning to come together and the effect is that the parking lot is mostly under construction.  You cannot enter the page after a year in the position, this is absolutely true, it has just come in the market for demand but the premium in it is very high, so I have done videos on this before, watch my previous video, in this I have  I have made two videos, at the end of this video I will give the link of both the videos. One was my video about Castro Positive Property and Internet in which I explained the basics of how you can also convert cash into positive property in seconds. I also explained Affordable Homes Singh in it.  It has been told in full detail about it, he will watch both the videos, he will read the base of the year and then you will watch the video, these videos are basically for those people, if you watch those two videos, then you will not understand the director of this, first you will face your face.  There should be a fast share in it and I told you that it will be ready to move for free and if you have that strip in the market, then if you get it from this potato writer, then I did not like that project, the whole old one, its construction is my own.  Will not be available in many districts, the other wise is that Dali is the favorite in the new one because those who are not coming to the dandruff table have brought my tips which project your launch in 2014 15 16, they were very basic to them.  If it is there then it increases, now it is covered, this one is getting Sumit book in many, so take very nice pick, so this is his, what is the fourth question of this, G type option is these. Tag for construction which is just launched and we are the leader in construction. Abroad builders are yours too, this is a huge added advantage, all the prominent affordable housing ones, now I am special in One Shankar, very good, okay, the old ones were red, so did Swapnil, also better.  There is improvement and the father has become type obscene digestion honor awards and profit virus stomach so this is what I will say there is a slight mistake in the question is that 22  23 24 Lucky, that's why you studied three to four times, after one year you can study, then in 5 years according to me, it will double, so if it does not double, then you should get 90% of the applications, but if your flag is there and it is 2000 2425, if you are studying now. If it is there too, then you are going to be typing, if you have swelling then we are nowhere, bring it home and buy a white one in profit, there is no use in it, do you use it, there is a football on you.  It is said that in Gurgaon NCR, it has become more livable for you, your child can live in it, it can be a rental in it, you can get regrets, so do not buy it to sell it, cover it like cash, you will always get its rate and  You got a property in a good place because you also examined the daughter of 150 women throughout the year, so what would you buy special in this and again that property appreciated almost like we were 24 but 45, just like we used to laugh so much.  The position of Pisces will increase soon and only its father and valid will benefit from it. I have explained to you almost that, who will watch those videos in the videos and in this I have written a series of articles in which I have compared them with mutual funds.  It has my article along with 35. Those who are interested in the series, I will request them to send me my WhatsApp number, which I will also give in the description and in the comment section. But join us and take the same, I have written a piece article on real estate, I have also included examples for data in this affordable housing because we are there. If I start sharing it, it will become a video and without the graph, it will also be understood.  He will not know whether the calculation formulas are PDF, they are given very well in Microsoft Excel, you must read them, you will face a lot of difficulty, look at the returns, what is there in it, you can set and then the last question.  These people also ask, ' Tell me which projects are there? Right now there are two or three projects, one you have launched and one which is worth Rs. 23 Lakhs. It has 2BHK. Krishna can search. It is a good point. If you are interested in it then you can type that project related to me and sector.  -I am in 22 and have two projects, if I have not kept the cancellation minute then I will tell them the names, rest as you want to take it, if you will connect with me, then this vision is this segment, one teaspoon has muted 90% of the play and Save a little development. The government has imposed a mandate that more than that can be built in a particular sector, it is possible that housing will not come, two to three projects, a project of 5 seconds, a gas setup for Rs 250 per chapter, it is not that  They are going to have unlimited supply. They are in limited supply. Projects are in different stages. Launched in 2015. 16 17 18  There are 19 of them and now the oppositions are decreasing a little because the Deputy Inspector in his 58th status has said that in Gurgaon, there are some utility sectors in it, mostly two-three deposits have come in the sector and there is no land left, 80 story players have been lost.  Till now, there are very few vadas available in the market, there will not be much marketing cost in it, you will see their SN, that is why I have made this video which  People are living outside, not in this area, those who do not know about this front should also take advantage of it, this level of our lineage will not be found cheaper than this anywhere in the whole of India, that box and the challenge is that if I  Let me tell you, if you make 2 rooms in your village, then make a kitchen, make a drink twice and make a draw a line and make 235, then you can also make it not only obscene but the cost of the line that you do not talk about.  If we are not talking about profit, then this is giving you the discount of share market, we are getting the book value from high to low, so this is a no brainer investment. Take it anywhere, there are only two types, one is good and the other is good.  If it is better then there is nothing bad in that sense, take the one which you can understand, you cannot take more than one anyway, now yours will open, you can then connect to mine and the research which I have mentioned from the article is mine. wickets are coming as per order  He is a must read if you are watching this video then you can connect on my whatsapp give your name and then you can ask ODF and curse returning officer thank you madam