Hello friends, it is a very important topic for the society, the five top reasons for divorce are taking place in India. I have brought these five reasons for you people with a lot of experience and wisdom on the subject and I will start the countdown from the bottom.  The type will be first, fifth, third, second first and he has misconceptions on reasons, I will explain them to you one by one.  The fifth reason for divorce is infidelity. Infidelity means extra-marital affair, one partner having an affair with someone or being cheated on. If that is one reason, then this reason is very less. If they are breaking up, then that is reason two or three.  It is in only one tax, not even in five, it is in two-three-four and if we do consultation, counselling, talk about it, then it has come to know that all those regions which are going to come. Marriage has already gone through reasons. When an extra marital affair happens, marriage is already dead. Due to human illness and psychology, there is no reason, but brother, as they say, it is not to get into the ass, but to reduce it is wrong.  That's one in 100 marriages, there is such a one from this pau, here I am not discriminating between man and woman, it can be either of the two, but that one is such that  Brother, there is no reason, the wife was good, the house was good, everything was there, there was no whining, but brother, your nature is promise or so-so, the husband was very good, the family was very good, there was no reason, then this one would have been only 1%.  The rest is what we say is 3% and I said it can be five, so this is the marriage that has reached this stage, which is my fourth, fifth, fourth, third, first region and passed through that.  First, then I have done yours in them, now it is okay, this one is the reason that my husband has never asked me, has never seen me, does not do it, I do n't know, it doesn't give any feeling, the only reason is that they have sung through some other pens, you are rich.  That stage is fine. The region at number four is the popular region. I am starting from the bottom. I will put that in the daughter-in-law's issues. People will say no. This could have been the first region. It is okay, no, we are not like this.  It doesn't seem like this, I am starting in the same direction, that is the issue of daughter-in-law, I will speak here, that is the trigger in the war, that is the show of daughter-in-law, this is not happy with daughter-in-law, and daughter-in-law is not happy with daughter-in- law, or people.  We are living together by types and we are living in the environment. So these are the reasons. These are the issues of marriage. These are the ones. I will tell you in percentage. Please keep adding. So that you have the probability because what people are doing is that they are going straight to something else that this is the reason for this, it is okay, you are very close to 15% of that husband, he does not do stand up at all, it is the setup of a joint family with the wife.  And I don't know what is the demand program of S.K. or father-in-law or in-laws, Mr. Girls D Girl Connaught Meet but Vativer region and if he said things or did something then 15%  3 4 5 15% are done, now comes the next reason, the third reason, the third reason is the failure of the mother, you are an adjusted wife, I have a strong mind and a strong woman, this is the reason, now what is the reason for this, a girl has come, she has her own mind. Now this man wants to control her and he is unable to control her. Now what is his fault that she is a working woman most likely because she does the job. She does less, she uses her mind, it is her personality, it is not that the one who does not do the job, does not have money, she is not like that, she too has power, but how the society interprets it in a wrong way, that is why there are more divorces. Nowadays, because this Korean thing has to be reduced, it is a matter of great pain for the society, thinking like this, I will make a video on this in the future and those who want, please write the DP, it is very much for Doctor Saheb.  It is a good thing that a lot of patient dialogues are going on due to illness, but many times the good doctors tell us not to study the behavior, it is okay, then I will make a video, it will be a very good video, I will see DP in the comment area on the clip, then DP means display picture, not diverse proof.  Okay, then write the DP, I don't ever ask anyone to write a big one, if you reduce it, it will happen, then men these days are not able to care for women because they feel that father controlled the story, mother controlled the story.  of money to do Dependency on money plays a big role and if it is not there then you cannot do many things, it is also happening in doing about 20 to 25% that the girl does not listen, she can only start because it is  There is a process, you come from there, you come from there, then issues arise because whatever cannot be controlled, then mother says, you are there, go Munna, if you don't have any problem, I will tell you that, you are understanding here, take care of yourself, how.  If he does it yesterday, then this is a very big reason, after this the second reason is that in the society and in big lions, especially in small lions, it has not happened yet, but in big lions, divorce is catching up, going up, its reason is divorce. Normalization now does not seem to be the case, if there is one, then not many of them open like this. All of you who are my subscribers, as many as you are listening to my videos, then write to me in the comment area weather you.  Agree with this today you know other people like you who are the people in your immediate family story na story is divorced someone's immediate who you know and cosins in kinship till chahta hoon tak girl's side or boy's side or your  If the wife is listening from the wife's side or the husband is listening to the story then it is neither story nor story. You knew the person very well. I am not talking about the friend circle. Even among friends, it is definitely about story or story.  If there is no story in your relationship, then now it does not seem like a kiss like what it used to be like today. 25 years ago, girls were not able to do that much. What used to be like that earlier. If a boy is like that, then his value in the marriage market.  Did n't fall so much because he is a boy and girl divorce is such a good caste, I am a de girl, Ise n devosi is more desirable in de marriage market den de maa ye fact hai main ye nahi ka raha ki value  If you are not doing it then the value falls, divorce will happen but you will still get boys who will understand your sorrow that the boy has left you, right girl brother, then the girl is not coming, in this also preparation for terror, reading is heavy for girls, if the girl is good in appearance.  -Something is fine, his system is fine, whatever question type personality is fine, then brother, he will get shooters, people who will come and watch, understand and it is difficult for the boy, that is why now a little normalization is happening. Big top region is the biggest result of today's time. You can pause the video and attempt it. What will happen, till now I have told you everything. Okay, so out of the four, this can be for you. You tell me, this is the top region.  We have already done this, this is not top, so what can we say by posing, please let me pose for you, now you correct yourself, honestly, the biggest reason is Manish Manish, not being home is the result of that.  It happens that home is not a home, living with in-laws, living with mother-in-law, why can't Shakti adjust with parents, or is the girl not under control, or why is there no girl? My mother lived with her in-laws, so why not this, Shakti is the only one.  There is a boy, the mother is alone but does not let him live, why not in the prison next to him, but there is no power, but it is their house, in their house, we will be alone, stay next to us, who will serve the mother, stay next to us, do it, what has the boy to do?  If you want to serve your mother  Do n't share yourself with her, she is not going to do that sir game, are you there having breakfast with dinner or Sunday or morning or having tea, half time you come with mom and wife, both are happy and whose  He has more money, his wife also remains happy, his mother also remains happy, I am telling you that the trouble is due to money only, Joe Johnson, open the saree, give me the saree, you will say, how come what nonsense is he doing, he is making women look down upon him.  Just like that These security fears and nervousness are on the default setting in women. Remember Lakshmi ji's Aarti, everything becomes possible. Mother does not get scared. The battle of Money Lakshmi is a matter of great pain. Don't understand this thing like this. Many boys have the capability to earn money.  Not only this, they are stuck at Rs 30,40,50,000, they want to marry a girl from Farmaishi program because only the saree will be like this and their parents will never give them any relief, we have nothing on this boy.  If you can do it on your own then it is a big deal, that is why divorce happens, if even the parents leave, the boy has a job worth ₹ 40000, in the mean time he should keep the girl happy and take care of his children and leave us.  It's a lot if you don't ask for anything but he wants it in him and by mistake most of the money is also such that either you are doing work or you are doing 20 lakhs of work, brother, what is not theirs is more or less at all, those among us are definitely not.  I got involved in this, didn't I?  Spend this, do that, his wishes are not fulfilled, he got married after seeing the money, he did not see that there are many eyes on this fan, there are many others too, there is a younger brother, a sister, there is another, so all of them are hanging on you.  If you don't like marriage, then money is important. I think 50% of marriages are breaking because of money. Money is not discussed openly even before marriage. How much will it cost, what will be spent, what will be done with the money. He is sending mutual funds but every  The story of breaking the money in the tax month and not giving it, you don't have a house, what do you have and the woman is not being asked where to roam every three months, I don't have money, I have also told my parents about yours.  If you have to serve them and keep them together and live with less money, then marry me and you don't have the courage to even say that to your husband, then we will set you up. Wife says, I will set you both up.  players go to a Have their own thought process, then it is not set, one does not get money, one does not want to give money or does not want to spend or does not want to do what he wants and he does not get what he wants, then this happens, then this  I have a very simple way to do divorce proof and it charges a huge concentration fee but I want to tell you all for free. I mean I can't stomach that thing. So when I ca n't stomach it and I want to tell it for free.  I am here so you  So much can be done with people that you write a DP or you tell me what is it, you can't stomach it, sometimes it happens that you have to tell a joke, you have to tell a joke, it happens like this, if I tell you 5 reasons, then I can do divorce proof. I will say for the new marriages, what should be done in that then there will be no divorce in it, there is going to be 50% 70% chase and you can reduce it to two tax percentages, whatever you do, it is such a good thing.  Have you given the remaining 100% then there is nothing in life other than that we will all leave this life and go away, there is nothing else except that, we have become the sun, that is fine, we have become the sun and we will not leave it, there is no tax in it, there is no tax change.  Things keep happening in this live, changes keep happening, sometimes it increases, sometimes there is a decrease, that tax is also not certain, okay, so only this thing is set, rest I will do for your marriage, if you want to hear, it will be great, how was this one? Felt good please share and like the channel  Do subscribe and increase the number of subscribers a little. By paying attention to the group, take care. Its old topics are also good. Jain's playlist has a very good playlist on different topics. It is also based on daughter-in-law, it is also based on merit, it is also based on job.  There is a lot of topic, Money Man City, that is very yours, explore it, it is good, it is like you roll it instead of Netflix, to pass time like this, many legendary videos have been made which cost ₹ 5000. Currently there are 4000 views, some have 40-50 thousand, some also have 12-13 lakhs and keep it, there are many with 500000 views, but there are some legendary videos which you have to find only, I will not suggest, read that and it is a live changing video, okay thank you.