Hello friends, top five queries of different answers and these queries which many people ask out of anger by saying a few abusive words but will remain interesting, I will tell all five first and then I will answer one by one, may be yours also or maybe you after listening to this Puri.  If you get to learn then the topic is on you, it is very interesting, it is ok, very good comments are coming, I am getting a lot of love, but there is a lot of turmoil in the society on some videos. Views etc. have also increased and are becoming very forward, that's why I don't make me equal to normal because I have a lot of curiosity about how to answer individual theories, so I have brought a top five, a son, a very short note, stay with his parents, there is my video on that.  What nonsense is he talking? He has no values, he has lost his mind, it is Indian culture, the answer will be found on this. Well, I myself am a person with values, it does n't seem to be a cultured person by sight, it doesn't seem by voice, but it doesn't matter.  I will answer him that it is okay that this is nonsense, the types should remain together, it is not okay and I have explained very well in it why it should not remain infected, I also made another video, when have people seen it, see it after this.  What are the benefits of 7 benefits? I have told my mother-in-law to stay together a lot, and it is interesting, but it was made when the channel was small, maybe it has got buried, I will give it in the link, definitely watch it. The first question which I will answer was this.  second i under very video  It is said that these are different, there are many videos that women should be reduced, middle class is becoming poor, women of middle class should be reduced in door class, why should it be done, who will raise the big children of the people like this?  It is a matter of who will take care of the house, okay, if some white person comes like this, I will answer, okay, thirdly, it is the responsibility of the elderly parents to keep doing it for the children, because I have said in many videos that the parents should do this.  Is  This has to be done before marriage, money should not be spent like this in marriage, money should be saved, it should be given to children, should be made every time, they should help them, keep acting like a good parent, there is no duty of children, children should serve, so it is better than this.  Then don't just have children and there are many such views and I will tell you about them. The fourth one of mine was that you should enjoy life, you talk about money, you talk about network, likes are also meant to enjoy. Will enjoy life only by networking  If we invest the money like this then I will tell you some good answers to it in life and lastly this is also very important. If parents love a Shivling more and either give it more or give it more value then it is okay for you not to give it for any reason. So what to do because there is a video made in this too but I will also tell you the answer to it. Okay, here which one is more applicable to you out of 500, please write it down, whatever is applicable to you, say all five or 2 and  5 or 1 and 3 and 4 and 5 or 5 Whatever you write, I first answer my son and daughter-in-law. In what I have told you, I have basically told you that you may not be together but stay close to me immediately. I will tell you the psychology of it. You are poor.  There are too many of them and there is only one room and everyone is forced to sleep together, so that video is not for you, you are not my audience because any thing is told to some people, you have taken commercial money. Keep sinking the FDR, have dematted it, have given it to relatives, have done this, have done that and you are keeping your child with you and are trying to harass his wife too, do not rely on it.  Well, she is also a woman, she is not one to grind, nowadays the whole family is pistachio, I would say the same, it was from the same that brother, seven runs, stay next door, if the child will either stay with him or go to Canada after a fight or  One thing that will happen to the middle class in Bengaluru is that it is acceptable to the brother from the city, from the society, from the tower, from the tower, if we live on the floor in the next room, then we will be insulted, we are living separately, eating separately, but if we change the city, then  If you become unhappy and change the country of fame with your wife, then it is okay, we are told to live together and there is no son to serve, no son serves his parents, I too am a son.  He can't do it, he is writing in the comment section that he is telling wrong things or he is someone's Rakhi who has not yet shown his full potential and on whom you are harassing and that is what is happening right now.  If the time has not come, then they are in trouble, no, then how can they go? Brother, the only mother is the only mother, the boy's man is the man and the girl's man and the girl's father, keep it as Shahrukh is the boy's man, are there more problems in delivery? You take sorry, it is a true word but this is the fact of society, a girl is born like this, the girl is delivered like this, the girl does not stay in her stomach for 9 months and the girl is delivered like this, they talk like this and the girl becomes such a celebrity.  It is said that Pak goes and there is a lot of pain in the boys, if it is so then you tell me, then the boy's man should get special treatment. By doing this, Nirupa Roy ji has taken the attention of the entire society to the role of the boy's man.  boy 's  I am like this because in the girls' movies, the sleeveless kit used to be used like this and like this, Son, you have gone to every house, you will eat food today, what kind of society has your man seen in this life, these movies, today he has become a father-in-law, these movies.  You are the new kid in the world, you were born in 19 and now you are 22, 23, 25. You people have not seen the movie but your parents have seen all the movies and it is in their mind that the boy should become a man.  So brother, I am a man, I am respectable and worshipable, but boys are equal to girls, otherwise it is the same, there was a time when only girls would take responsibility, only then, a boy would be born after two girls, a boy would be born after three girls.  Being born and leave it aside, the female city side of the 1980's was the reason that only brothers, girls and boys would watch it. Okay, if the discussion is not on it, it would be very negative, but this was the reason, the second topic of mine was in this, daughters-in-law and sons together.  Stay together means there will be trouble in the church next door, marriages will break, there will be many medical councils, I get fees but this is the biggest reason, wherever there is trouble, the first question is, do you live with your parents, leave Hanji.  Now how can I leave you, so go to the one next to me, sit on my lap for a little while, I don't mean to drink milk or give her drink, it is okay, no one should do this, no one has ever got such a small baby, who has also been married.  It must be 25-30 years minimum or even 35-40-45 years old people are still engaged. Well, how will I live, my father cannot even drink tea, a boy cannot drink even one tea to his parents, all of them.  Do n't do anything to your daughter-in-law, otherwise girls don't care about boys, don't keep this affair, keep them close as humanity, help them as humanity, they will do it for you, humanity is also a thing, like neighbor helps, who is the neighbor?  Your parents are neighbors too and if you are a parent then you will do something on your own and those parents will do it. Secondly, there is some difficulty in reducing the ladies. Now only the ladies are facing the trouble because everyone is useless.  It seems good that if a lady goes, then who will educate the child? If it is a girl, then why should the girl get educated, then she will also not do a job, then she will educate her child, then who will educate the children, then whose children will the women do the jobs?  Their children turn out to be illiterate, illiterate and do not get spoiled. Well, today there is research on spoiling them. Fatherlessness and lack of father makes this a criminal. Man has no role to play. What kind of research has been done? The British have done it very well.  These things do not happen in our place, it always seems that it will get worse, that is, all those who are spoiled, their Madras are working and all the 90% are not working, their children are very decent, this data is  You will pay, do it, it's okay, it's not like that at all, then someone else comes and then he wants it and then it happens, meaning if the girl goes to work, it will change, so you will not make her do less and it will not happen while sitting at home, how will that happen?  I still have to live there with my mother-in-law and father-in-law, what is the logic in listening to myself, I am feeling shy in talking but still I have to tell because the discussion is in the comments on the comment section of those videos of mine, you guys go and see.  This is my pigment off  There is no imagination in you and he has written this brother, if the wife goes to work then it will happen, if there is a girl living at home, then how will she not do it, the mother-in-law is sleeping there, see this thinking, how is it going on? I am in the society, I see marriages breaking down, there are reports of divorces, there is a lot of distress, there is a lot of infidelity and there is also a man in it. If ever an affair happens, is it unisex? Are both genders involved?  So is the man not involved? Okay, so this kind of thinking will destroy the country. You people have to think, okay, by applying this logic, how will you raise children and how will the children who come to your house be raised by the maid?  Children become bigots. Well, they don't really become IAS. They do n't believe what they can become. They also work hard to become. When the family is around, she will look after them. She says that if you want to buy, then the reason behind buying a big expensive house is to buy a smaller one.  Take it all in Gujarat  This is how they do it, they take a whole set of four small two BHKs, one floor, a couple is living in one, parents in one, brother-in-law and uncle in one, that is also a tower.  Let's take it completely. A Puri Patel family has taken it completely. Okay, he is becoming a grandmother. Everyone is eating food in each other's house. And what is there in your house? WhatsApp group is formed in mine, make it tasty. Hey, make yourself independent.  And privacy also, cry and eat and drink comfortably, I have seen how good it is, but in North India, you will not understand what I am telling you is not in this syllabus, if people do not understand the whole thing then it is breaking the culture. So now let's go to the third A but for the children but it is for the children that we should keep serving the children. Many people have written somewhere that it is not their duty and what kind of values ​​are these that you are saying, Indian values.  You don't even know, I I am a person studying Vedanta, very old old thing, I have seen Jim in my astrological sessions, De No and Tai bring in classes and what I know Hey, which sanskar are you talking about? Everyone there had sanskar, why in the jungle? You people don't go when the time has gone, don't go, go to Haridwar Ashram, what are you doing, leave it at home in the flight, it is India's culture, not Indian tradition, even the king used to leave, it used to happen among our kings that he  son fighting  They kept the king in jail among themselves and the brothers are killing each other. It was not possible to go in the traditional way, all the noises are there, I am asking, Khan, it is written that child, you take care and that photo of Shravan Kumar is good.  Han Shravan Kumar took him on a stage, his condition became like this, if you make your condition like this then Shravan Kumar will also be found, you are trying to force Shravan Kumar to the children, everything is fine, everything is fine, everything is fine, only he can do it.  uthvana want to ship now  There is a train, there are taxes, there are all the people, so why do you need Shravan Kumar, where is it written that the next generation has to serve you, why do you have to serve you, it is written, I will make a video on this, my story, the children, the children, the children need investment, when you [Music] Called and did you invite them? Did you have a child, so you are the man, now you are the one who does not belong to us, do you know what is called and what is their subject of pain, do you know that I am (separate video)  I will make the next generation  Is there any duty on the side, don't we have any duty for the past? I will tell him that insurance has to be made as it was 50 years ago. You have to make a system. You are going towards western thinking, this is what happens in western when Hanji becomes rich.  People and society would have increased if there was no Sanskrit in it, then why now? Then the wheel was invented. Before that, it was invented further. If you let us cook our food, then in the garden, the ladies do not cook it by blowing. Make it like this, Modi ji.  it's everyone's  LPG stoves have been installed in the houses. Why is the government doing this? Stay true to your values, eat the way you used to eat. Just 200 years ago, women have not even been in our country for 200 years. In India, it means everything will change. Everything will change. Children will do it for you whenever you need, till your hands and legs are free, why don't you try like this, why don't you pray to God that I will follow you till your last breath, those who are suffering from inner illness of doing this service. Neither actual diseases come to them, then they say, do service and service realization happens, after a few days nobody can stop living for you, ultimately, your money, your plot, your HD, some broken feet, some nurse.  Or the attendant doctor boy, he is the one who has to do it, he is the one who has to do it, okay, someone can make life pleasant, if you want then see, it is your boy, he should leave his job and come here, or brother, who is going to come to you today, he will raise his children in his life. Your son Christ Yogi will live, you will also make Steel Plus 4 in his name, all the rent will be paid by you people and then no one will divide anyone else's share, do you think like this, since when did he become so selfish, parents of India, since when, who are they? Where is it written in the values ​​of our India that parents will do for their children, their children will do for their children, the country will move forward, the world will have to be washed in reverse gear, otherwise you will have to do something, how much will you do, brother, if you become interesting, you should be able to sit and talk.  gone a little  If you have good manners then the children will sit down and if they don't then the whole fault is on you. Ca n't the product be taken out of the machine bad? Now he has given the values ​​to someone else, so you don't have to give him the same polio vaccine as a child.  The rest of the injections are given either of BCG or brother, that lifelong production. Now you want children also, you must have done some wrong in the past too, your children will see this, do not attack the children so soon, I know only one simple thing, every  A man speaks through his mouth. Every man also speaks to his child. Hey, you are elder. If there is a fight among the children and the elder is two years older, then after 20 years a child is born to the other brother or sister. Hey, you leave the elder.  When he is 2 years older than me, you know so much about his greatness, you are much older than him, parents are 25 years older than you, so why don't you show bad temper, I feel bad to many people, sometimes I feel good because if  to whom this thing Things are changing, I am getting very good feedback, many children are saying that we showed the video to their parents, their thought process has changed, so the thought process has to be changed for positivity only, those who have to remain stuck on their assets by horoscope.  Have to keep, not help the children, have to serve them instead, the thought process is like this, so you will get what you deserve, keep crying, keep crying, you will get what you deserve, your kids are RD.  Once you deserve, the day this thing is understood, the pain will be reduced, it is okay as it turns out, it is just that brother, he deserves the same, okay, fourth, two more questions, my children are okay, Enjoy Network.  When will I talk about money? Look, everyone's definition of enjoying life is different. If something leads to the right definition, then it is this thing - where can I do whatever? Want whenever I want anything, then you go into a state of enjoying life. This three-day vacation, two-day vacation, that photo posted on Facebook by Khinchali. Dressed up, you look good. If you don't look happy, happiness is the same on a person's face.  If it is visible or glimpsed then that is not living life, that is what you call living light, so if that is less then you are doing it only 2-5% less, how much time are you enjoying, if 5% in a year then 95% i.e.  You are not giving your life because you can reduce it by more than 5-10%, the room current in a hotel is 8-10 thousand, if you go on a trip, it is lakhs of rupees, if you go by train, it is lakhs, if you go by plane, it is two-three lakhs.  If you go somewhere then I am telling you the expenses of two-four people. Okay, so how much can you do for the day? What are the accounts of the day? That too is life, so define it. You have a network. I will explain it very well in the video. Samjhaunga.  my clarity for I am doing a lot of things on the youth channel. If you have not seen my channel yet then please subscribe. This is my second channel where I understand money matters very well in Structure Wave, Stock Market, Your Financial Mental Model.  It is very good, it means that you will find it in a slightly educated type of structure, children will like it very much, so it is necessary to see it, if you do not read it on the path, then it will be like running on a treadmill, you will keep running on your life and  Not reach other ware send even 4 hours na ji even if they show yours there 25 kms but actually the last one I will stop after that by making video he is one that brother is ours father gives more to younger brother mother or elder  We look at the elder brother, who is seen as normal, he is a little worthless, he is a weak child, the parents go towards him, they should not go, that is a different matter, the parents send but are also very selfish, this pain.  That's why it is because of parents and you are very parent apparent food I think my overstated thing is I am not condemning them anywhere, I am also a parent, you are my parents too, okay but we put too much on him and it just feels like this to us.  If there is any parent then it will always be right and it will always be right because if you see that parents are also flowers, they can also be selfish, they can also have their own agenda and they can also have politics.  If yes, then you will forgive them. What happens in India, that you have kept your parents here so high, above the screen, and then when your own hair turns gray, your age increases, then the realization comes that your friend is not here but he is actually here somewhere.  If yes, then this is a matter of pain, you say that friend, I am right here, I will respect you, if you pay attention to any of your siblings or younger siblings, then it is their compulsion, they stay nearby, you stay away, do you serve them or your daughter-in-law?  Namaste, there must be some reason, friend, it doesn't happen like this, no, I have worked very hard, so they are the ones who think that the parents think that I have studied from both of them, it is written that it came out, it is good luck that it did not come out, their logic is  I am telling you that the logic of the parents is wrong, but the logic I am telling is right, if they don't get it then we will help them, maybe if we can do it ourselves then we will do it ourselves, otherwise we will take money from them and do it for you and for the son.  The one who is below is saying that there is a child Shivling which is at the level below, we will not be able to lift it up, let us lower it. People are in great pain. This is imaginary, it is not my subject at all. People are coming to me for consultation because of merit in Astrology. People are in a lot of pain due to different roles in the family because no child can see that his own mother is his own father, his own father is his own father, look at Shivlinga blatantly in the scale, there are some of you too whose children cannot do it at all.  Sometimes it's a little bit but blatantly your children will not get it, we will take his money, we will help him in his job, we will not help him in your job, we will do yours like this, we will not do his, we will increase his house or we will give it like that, or as it happens, two floors.  If we are made then one whole will be his and we will live in one, you will come, you will stay, you will stay with us, okay, the one with whom you are suffering, first of all you have to accept that this is yours and do not hold any grudge against it anymore, you have to accept it. I this  Pending Karma Remedies and I understand it all very well, there is pain, it will have to be resolved somehow because man is a man, there is pain in man, so man will have to explain something, extinguish it, I will not tell it in this video, it will be long but my  Just had to answer that it exists, when you look at the parents, they are not at the level we have made them, they are also human beings like us, they also have compulsions and greed.  There is retirement, there is greediness and depending on something, so they do it accordingly, right when one becomes mortal, there is no motor type, if there is a motor type man, if someone is normal, then brother, he will do it and if he is doing it, then let him do it with his ideal hospitality and respect.  Keep whatever you want to keep, if there is some resentment in the relationship then show it openly and tell me that whatever you are doing is causing me a lot of pain and I don't understand it but I am feeling pain, it does not mean that I want to break the relationship. What do people do if they break the relationship, what happens to it, parents do not feel guilty, it was right only you, it can be reversed, it is managed, it can be reversed, parents are doing this to you and let you  If this is happening to them, then you talk to them rudely, due to which their sub-conscious mind, feeling guilty that they had done something wrong, justifies it by saying that this is just that.  Deserve this only, okay, then you misbehave more, you have to do this that you are enjoying our festival right now, after 14 years of exile, we have gone, if we did not say, we will go, then it is okay, then those are our values, if you want to know.  So you will get pain, sometimes knowingly, sometimes unknowingly, sometimes due to deeds, sometimes from someone's side, so why do we celebrate Lord Ram because whoever goes through life in the jungle, will it last for 14 years, is it too much?  There are a lot of videos going on, they are increasing because of you people, forward a few, show it to a few people and understand that I am the four of us, India, our marriage, our child's marriage, our money, our property, our relationships, all these things have an immediate effect on us.  Right now it is rising and it is setting, it is okay, the oil well has increased, it has increased, the ghat has gone, there are 15 million reasons for increasing and decreasing the oil. If it had not been going on then something else would have been going on, sometimes it will increase, sometimes the ghat will go down, discuss it.  there is nothing to do  You discuss this, do n't you enter the house, address the problem, no one wants you to address the real things in life, turn on the TV and tell me what will happen in the stock market, what has happened to Ukraine, Putin is saying this, Bhide is saying this  This is what is happening there in Afghanistan, all the information, have a discussion with the middle class, sit in the train, in the park, all these elders too, hey elders, what is happening in your house, inside your wife and your daughter-in-law. Troubles are happening every day and your son 's health is deteriorating, he is grinding in his job and you are busy discussing why the syllabus is easy, this one is difficult [Music] World Cup T20 has won, everyone has won.  Then it went to Twitter, then it won again, then it lost. Don't waste your time in life. Okay, reduce what you need in life. Now, the comments in my video are good. Why does my motivation increase only because of what I do?  I am talking and the real thing is really touching people's lives, so somewhere it is improving, you are giving this speed to many people, we are living in this world, ok, without you there will be an attack on the system, if you can survive then be strong.  Otherwise it will break, make a new one, I keep breaking mine, I keep breaking mine, first they will go, they will go theirs, now they will not go ahead, we will have to change, if they don't go, then we will become romantic, and what is there in life not to cry?  If you don't enjoy, you enjoy something good, you enjoy it, okay then stay happy and stay connected and do share this video with people and in the comment section as you are writing, it is very good, please give me feedback as a creator. My mobile gets increased, write good or bad, because these are the parts, I got a lot of trolling type also. If 90 comments are good, then there are 10 like that, what nonsense are you talking, so I tried to reply from my side.  You What counter reply do you have to this? You must write and comment only after watching the entire video. Respect, do not use it because if you have commented after watching four lines or 6 minutes and have not seen the end, then the rest of the things will also be mentioned in the admin.  Which you did not show to the patient, I boarded the bus and did not know where it was coming from, it was fine, thank you very much for sharing with people.