Hello friends, a project is open in Sector-79, it has all the reviews and questions, so let me tell you in a simple way, apply for priority row happily because there is no chance of getting out from anywhere else, maybe you can stay here only.  You have kept the details of living and shooting, God is fine but if the builder is new then the location should be good, then something is good, that is mine and maybe pregnant, one of this builder whom I have got is top ten housing. I have made a video of Rs 3500 Singh, please watch it and tell me the top affordable housing in it and its location which is number one, tell me it is possible that I am coming next to this builder, so that location will be so strong, the light is on this dam.  Seconds Affordable Housing is not very much but the few that are available will do well, very well, it is a very good product if you want to understand how to multiply, divide, divide with data.  Exact returns How much please give this video 300 likes I will come with more Job data with rate Terms of rent How much will it be Why will it happen Who will stay When will they stay How many people are coming So many people will be roasted Then a lot is coming A lot is coming What is a lot, this is not intangible, I love you very much, all this talk is neither a hero nor in real life, it has no meaning, there is no time table, many are coming, I am in a lot of pain.  I love a lot, I have a lot of money, after that, how much time table number, this account number, failure moment, also court number, day, we can calculate easily and that all things come into perspective whether it is more, less, how many people are there. What is the population of those people, how much is going to happen in future, who are the people who are going to come because I had also made a demography video, it is very good, but have you guys appreciated it, or will you appreciate it also, or I have told you in a simple way that you have to do it.  There is a chance of getting out, it is okay, so many misconceptions were spread in the end events two, so many misconceptions were spread that till date I still have the data, I do not think there are more than 3000 applications in it because the phase had started, the application number is now American 5400.  It is going on nearby, in this your signature end also remained open for a long time, in between Bhabhi must have gone to the applications, these 20 will be the numbers of her applications, so if her numbers are years, then anywhere.  Josh, we were thinking, the world was thinking, she was saying that it seemed that no, 10,000 applications would go, so it has not gone there, the builder is new and old in that also, Signature was named in the affordable housing here, which was in Deendayal.  It has gone and you should think that it is equal to Gulag tea made on the road, the brand here is not a very strong thing, this is the level, don't think of it as if you do n't know, there will be a risk.  This is so much that the good one will make it in 5 years, the bad one will make it in six years, the very bad one will make it in one year. Yes, you will get your big money in three-four years. When you digest the information that I have given, then now perspective.  The second perspective is to compare yourself with the condition of Mumbai or to compare it with the urban villagers of Gurgaon. The perspective will be correct otherwise it will remain like that.  There is no parking, there is swimming pool, club house, gymnasium and many more, take everything. Children, in 2628 likes, I will tell a detailed video. Those who are also getting recruited, please share your doubts in the comment section of this video.  Pour in 2245 days, a detailed video will come to put the entire affordable housing in correct perspective because I am the number one in India, so inside the Maths Real Estate Charity, you  I will give it according to the numbers otherwise you will remain like this, I don't know whether it is good or not, it is good Nilesh Haryana people please apply because you are living far away in Haryana and perhaps you cannot buy a flat worth Rs. 1.5 crores but this  So everyone can take it and you should press it. If you are from Haryana, take it because tomorrow your child has to do a job or else he will get a government job somewhere else. There is no job in Fatehabad in your mind, in Kaithal.  There are no jobs. If the child does a job in North India, he will do it in Gurgaon only. Otherwise, he can go to Pune, Bangalore, Hyderabad. If he wants, he can go to Canada. Going to America is a different matter, there are no jobs in small cities. Businesses can be small and big.  Yes, it can be a government job. If these two things are not there, the child does not have a government job and some do not have a business system, then see the profile yourself. Look at the profile of any small town and see how many corporates are here.  But how many more children? Job and how much salary will there be? It is not giving absolutely zero at 5-10 cents but maximum jobs have been created and will be created on such job creation eco system. I will make a separate video on this one. I want to provide affordable housing to the district.  Only please write in the comment section, please like and do a lot, there is nothing cheaper than this, such things are the most backward districts of India.  So, I do n't want to embarrass those viewers by taking name in life, but you can do your Google, it is there too, it is not bad, even then it is bad, Madhavan is getting 3 BHK, what could be wrong, if your village is Haryana.  To understand the people, the songs of your village are the ones. Yes, daddy understand what by this house, it is fine, it is very good, quick typing, comment section, the songs of your village, energy is fine, one is bad, there is dirt, things are available there too.  If you have one, you can build it in your village, you can buy land in the village, then always on the other hand, if you have identity card property, then this same property would be expensive inside the village, then it is a city or village in the cities, keep asking questions on this also, keep asking ok.  If there is, then do it a lot because when the story is going on, you always feel that you don't know how it will end, then you come to know that in China also questions were asked, for the good one, for the very good one, there is 50 times that in all.  And it's bad, it's very bad  Meaning, almost everything is doubling, which is the current figure, so whatever details you want on this, please type the details and give 250 to 250 likes to the video, then I will understand that you want it in great detail. Amit calculation will come video thank you