Hello friends, this is going to be a bit deep video but as always you will enjoy, the topic is tu badlega to nahi badlega, men's mail is ok, so female should not be disconnected because mail is more applicable for this, but your husband will also be a father, so for you.  It is also relevant and this topic is spoken by women too, so the topic is yes, you will change, then this topic is said to us and this change is considered very bad, after marriage, friends say in college, you will change.  You will not change or else like this, now you have become successful brother, now you have changed from I am Steel D, this is a wrong belief system, today the discussion is on this, this is a very wrong system, it is police to ask this question, why will I tell you with flowers and this question  To reply to the differences that I am the same as I have always changed, this is also stupidity, I am what I was 20 years ago and am today, if I am not badlunga then how will there be progress, change and necessity of change, when everything is changing around us.  And if we are not the only ones changing then what will happen, everything is changing, how was the world 20 years ago, how was the world 30 years ago, how was it 10 years ago, how was it 5 years ago, how was it before Covid and now in the coming times.  There will be change in me in the future, so if the world is changing, then how can we do it? If a son does not change after marriage, then how will he become a husband and father? He remains your baby. Is he not supposed to change? Is he more mature?  What does it mean to be more responsible, more accountable, nahi banna hai nahi badlega (not changed) that the person who speaks this dialogue basically wants me to do it as much as I can and keep him back on the call as much time as I can ask from you when I demand.  I can tell whether that thing will remain or not, that person is just going to ask questions, he is interested in only this thing, he has nothing to do with what is actually happening to you in the rest of his life, brother, if I call you then you are mine.  He will pick up the phone, give free advice, if he wastes his time, will he not change because you are still a bawdy idiot, you talk nonsense, will it happen that you will not be able to give time to me again? This thing is an application for everything.  Once you grow in life, your responsibility, your aspirations, your thinking, everything will change and us. If you have to leave old friends, if you want to grow in life, then yes when  If you meet him again, you can meet him happily with a smile. If you can help him then you can do it, but now he is not at the level like he is a cricketer, so the struggle he was going through was given to him at the time and people did something to him.  They are helping him, now he has reached here by working hard in his struggle, now he has reached here and the one who worked hard here should think that when the status of his relationship was at this level, it will remain the same here too, then it is not so.  maybe it is not  It is possible that the person who reached here cannot come here. If you go here then it is a different thing, again only then you would have seen people like industrialists, business tycoons, big people, they live in their own circle and so on.  There is nothing wrong in this, there is nothing bad, yes, even the old ones will get it properly, but now they cannot give that much time, if you are climbing up the stairs and have reached a point, then now the one who is standing below is in trouble. with  Now you can't come there, there is nothing wrong in it, Murali, ethically, there is nothing wrong, you have to understand the society, who told you not to climb straight up, whatever Chadha, your luck, hard work, patience, whatever hard work, whatever word, do it.  He has gone beyond that, now how can he pull her back again? You are ok, earlier he used to give her time every time, now he can give her time once in a month, then once in six months, then once in a year and his own which is close.  There is a family, yes, they will always be together, those who are related by blood, they will stay together, off course, it is fine, but they also have the issue of time after a stage, and in this, we will have to crush this belief system. Well, girls are never told that, I started.  I had said that the topic was now, if you will change, then no. The girl was not told, if the girl does not change, then where will the children be born, how will she remain the same in her mother's house, mother's daughter, father's angel, father's angel.  after becoming  No home can be saved, now it has reached that Papa's love does not change, then their marital counseling and diversity and the situation reaches the over stage, so no one asks the girls, brother, they know that they have to change.  And they change completely, as if we are together again, the girl changes overnight and becomes mature and responsible and in this way, it is also expected that brother, you take care of everything, now you will be the daughter-in-law. So that society never speaks to women because women are always changing, but there is pressure on sons that they will not change, there is pressure on men, oh brother, will you change? Friends also do the same, their female friends sometimes do this.  She doesn't talk. You must have seen that it's okay in these towns, promises are taken by fools, they are taken from boys only, girls never talk to each other, if the excuse will change then it is sometimes said, you tell women.  You tell me, all the ladies you have been with have been able to relate to it, never ever tell your sans and I am telling the men that they are your own friends and if this will not change, then how will it work, brother, you are a foolish person of 17 years, you are at 21.  Nahi badle itne itne fool Chhichhore kaise chalega [Music] Over is the period of time You will become something really good and special Par agar aap bolo na main to waise  I will remain the same, I will remain as I am, otherwise this would not have happened, so how did you like this belief system? I wish you guys had a crush, then write yes. Those who enjoyed it, then write imagine. Those who felt pain, no, no, they should not change, they should never change.  They do not want those songs too, do they have changed, what will I do, what will I do, what is the world changing Punjabi song or I have seen some world changing, then you have changed, then look, then see which your core is Belive Systems, there are no one to change them of goodness Lyrics  One day I see the same difference, people do not understand the difference between religion and religion, if they talk about religion and religion, then Hindi of religion is not religion, religion is also English, religion never changes, it always remains there, they keep tweeting about religion, today we will worship it.  We will do it like this, we will recite such mantras, it will happen, but what is right and wrong in religion, what was right and wrong 10000 years ago was religion, even today it is applicable, this is a big settled difference, religion and religion are the same thing.  If you do n't want to change then maybe your core value is like innocence, someone's right, someone has a core personality, yes, maybe don't change it, if someone is happy, mishad is human, trust is uniform, human is people.  He is a person who loves people, his heart is open, if someone tells him in aspect that brother, don't change this thing then it is understandable, but blanket saying that you should not change it is wrong because give 9  Personality is defined by only a few small things. Personality is very big and complicated. Yes, you can change that if you have good. Don't change. Give good things to it. Be good, believe system, good values, good way of you, no dealing with people.  Respecting People Below You Respecting Elders Okay, Respecting, we say to elders that we should respect elders.  This is a wrong statement. We should respect everybody just because he is an elder, so respect the elder and shun the one who is not an elder, it is not like this, respect everyone, but that thing is different, that knowledge is different, but I have to change at every level, otherwise.  I used to just watch Netflix for 10-10 hours at the age of 17-18-20, now I am watching it at the age of 24 and even at the age of 30. I used to waste time, there was no agency.  There is no aspiration, there is no gold, there was nothing, now do n't let me stink, don't change. Hey brother, it's good if you change. Please spread this video and this message in your friend circle. Bring it very small change, as much as I am capable of you guys.  The help of this is that you will change it in your mind, you will change it at your family level and say brother, we have to change every year and what is the change for D, gather change for D.  You have to write down what has changed and document the journey, make a graph of it and you will see the graph going up and every year, every birthday, you should take a call on how much I have gathered since last year, how much change.  If I am like that, then you are not rich, where in live date is for sir, I hope you guys understand this video in pragmatic way, Mumbai Jammu, please like it.  Share with friends Share on WhatsApp group Because these things are also India and it you know and discuss Thank you very much