Hello friends, let's do two train sessions and we will discuss a little about both of them which are shocking. There is a National Health Service, there is a government agency from which the data has come and after that it will be stamped whenever we have a sense of our population. Women in India.  The number of women has exceeded the number of men 1020 abstinence I too am surprised to hear this but we assume that these figures are correct from the lift, it is okay but we will do higher order cutting because this  News further, my only purpose is to analyze the news, like matter type till the cut, Shekhar Gupta ji does that of youth, I do that which suits us directly and immediately, I feel that it has fitted in and has a magic effect in your family. Secondly, this  It has come to light that internet users have increased in villages and cities, now it has been revealed by Chaukhana that Amazon in Bigg Boss India is 3031 percent, so more people live in villages, then if more people live in cities. 100 people live in Sappoch and 80 are internet users so it is 80 percent but if 200 live in the village then even if there are 105 people then there is a shift in the percentage. The percentage is less than the city but the numbers have increased.  If we have increased in numbers, then what is the meaning of this and India has become the country with the highest number of digital payments in the world, this is very big, so what can we do with this in our lives, you guys too. Participate in the comment section, if women have become equal to men, if the license is 5% less then many women will have to work, if the GDP has to grow, the family has to grow, I women have to earn money by working.  You are not earning, you are getting suspended for one period, many ladies, what has to be done, so what is there in this, I will link three things, I am fine, the figures that have come are standing and so the second one has been done.  The third aspect of digitalization is digitalization of money, that is, if we have to do any work from someone, then I do not need to go physically to get money because it has increased a lot in my country. On top of that, people will be very connected through digital technology and net. Women have increased significantly in numbers, so if 10 lakh children come into the work force, 5 lakh are coming if they want, so now if you like these things, what can you do? Many children keep asking.  Tell me the business, tell me this and tell me the work of Tirupati, tell me this, I have to use my brain a little. The idea that will be given will not be a sexy shot, it is done otherwise you will not do it because you want to welcome something as long as you want to welcome something you. I May Not Be Formed And Animals At All So Get This Out Of Your Mind Time Wants To Become Something You Concentrate On And Earning Money That And Can Be Drawn  Through Various Sources for Example: Stop going to the doctor, what should I do, I will tell you, whatever was written about you, our scriptures and our ignorance and old jobs for those times which were today's fuel tent house old  The astrologer will say, do milk work, milk work will work, okay, that is for you to see because now there are only 50 doctors, there are 40 different types of artificial intelligence.  The subject is engineering, I do n't know how many functions are there in an engineer, I don't know under what kind, he also works in the sky, so it has become very complicated, so don't get into the trap of astrologers asking, brother, what is our career? One and a half  Do crores, someone will tell everyone close to him, he will say, yes, do this for Scorpio, don't put it in these chakras, I made a video 36 later, you will know for yourself what is good and Increase your base for 36 years. Now listen carefully to what I see as the future trend. If you look at the future, many people will go into technology. There will be many technology providers. People doing manual work will reduce in number. Example: India had a population of 90 crores in 2000. Till now the opposition was about 30 crore people who cooked food. Population will be 140 crores. Who is the woman who cooks? The woman of the house turns the thread to the institutional man. Any man who is  If he cooks food then that means 30 crore people used to do FD that of 90 crore people, you will also say where did the editor come from, even Gangotri does not run after him, nor will she court from where did I come from, which came out laughing that now 140 crore people.  Now there will be very few cooks, so the power of the cook has increased, she can charge anything because people have been connecting all of them for 20 years. By making her work in the house, you taught your daughter that this is the work you do.  You will be left because you will do like this because we would have taken economics because your parents' father gave us a job, so if you rise above all these things then if the girls get educated then cooking has become a curse. That picture was Gunjan Saxena, father in it.  If you play the role of Pankaj Tripathi, then what is the name of the lady officer, Air Force pilot who can hum? Janvi Kapoor can be a heroine, I call her that.  I never put you in the kitchen, I never reminded you of the spices, I never put you in the dal, why not the retail price, you can't become a pilot in the Air Force, you can't turn around like this, and you can't know how to cook it, you don't know the names of the spices.  You know, there are a lot of green things to eat and then you do not forget that cooking is a small task, there is a huge market for cooking, 10 lakh children are coming into the job market, they may not get a job but they come to the city.  You are in the city, you have food  If someone doesn't know how to cook, someone will cook for them, how many jewels will they be the President and who will know your platform will go to Zomato, who will come, who will go and will come, all these things will keep on happening but once you have achieved this scheme of cooking and you can cook food from above.  Well, many people do not know what is there, how much do the vegetables cost, how much does the onion cost, asked the children that there is a shortage of tomatoes, they do not know anything, when they do not know that it is ready, then if you want to set such a task for tomorrow, then how can you do it, many children.  not for clothes  Know that the value of the work done by hand will increase when India Village will do it and white vinegar will become mummy. In this, making clothes, making a painting, making handicrafts, collecting such things, increasing their rates, doing supply chain, making a website, collecting, paying through Paytm.  Make payment from Naina UPA, make a bank account, show it to people, go to Varanasi to dry those sarees of Pili Kothi, which you send to her for some time.  See, then goods are not made in a friend's wedding, they would bring the designer and do their work, there are one and a half thousand jobs in India, now for that people will say that if you do this work, then I will tell you what I do, tell me, otherwise she will come.  My father-in-law has not given his daughter for marriage, because what will I tell you, what do I do? You tell me, my father-in-law knows this business, what else will I ask? If I say business, then tell me, this is the problem of the people, because what do people think of in life, job?  Or  Why sell business business, this is an agency which we have such a dark something also which you are doing good to employ YouTube by using technology in this innovative technology. In the midst of this innovative technology there is also a junior school child who subscribes like his goat by sending boarding SMS. Ghaghra And if anyone comes to know, that's why I say that multiple will do anything, it will spill so much sugar and nothing will be left, far away, always multiple, multiple  People are doing this, searching for you more, then do more for you, until that was discovered, you did something else, you discovered that, you did something else and you multiplied, multiple, you understood, there are people in the world, now tell me a specific example of that.  What business should I do? Chane Bhature, first the Prime Minister started selling these pakodas, the investors had problem with that thing, it talks about many things, pitches and makes good contacts, how will you get hold of them, they are made of dirty oil.  They are made from unhygienic material and are sold very expensive and we do not go and ask the ready people how much is your earning actually, what is their problem now, those who are less educated earn good money, but still this is sometimes very high.  If only 12 out of 10 had gone to a higher level, they would have wasted their money due to seven or eight bad habits. If a tea vendor made tea using a model, then the question is.  This is that I feel like there are 30 roti kapda houses holding in the middle of the roti kapda house which is a huge blue option opposition because the whole world is going on something great. Whatever is great will become a dormitory where you work for years.  They will do 10. What were you thinking like I am here, the IT people are thinking that there was a lot of party going on, the forces are doing well, the IT people in India are doing very well, their salaries are increasing, they are getting the same.  My message is make it while the sun shines sunshine inform you that it will not keep shining don't thing that even after 15 years Ramdev chakka chakka will keep going on like this how am I 62 investment start doing something else co and white fuel se hai vansh  That product which is edible, visible, flying, wearable, hand is something, so IT people, you should not deal only in your IT.  If it is okay to stay then Ab Ko will not tell me specifically, you have to use imagination, also I can tell you, depending on the consultation, it is okay, but here I can give ideas on a big platform, women, women, what is the benefit of coding as good as you are? She makes some good cakes, makes good char, the women who make good ones are going away, so much preservative in pickles, so much salt, no taste, no lady, all these who work and want to connect with me on WhatsApp  I will give you the number, I can take help, okay and I am also doing a webinar, if more ladies go to it then it will be a great idea. Teachers are my all time favourites. Show them to me. I know I am a fan of teachers and I am not very happy with them.  Indian teacher teaches in school, now many will subscribe, they will run away, I will tell you what is its result, you understand, it is okay if you teacher told Brahmins before, I tell you if I get the platform.  If we get this much for one child, in the end 40 children are forced to listen to me for 40 minutes. I will change their lives, but who will come to me that brother, you ca n't even add, you said, how can you increase it, it's okay here, so you  There is an opportunity for the children to fold but they are not doing it, just because the exam standards are there and the children have to do that tight homework assignment, no one should do it, what does it mean, you tell me, 40 children are one, the first is too many, 15.  Since it is not more than 20, according to me, 40 means it is normal. 3540 is not normal, but I have to meet 508. It is okay, only one work is being done in it and how can it be possible for someone who has two children at home at the same time. Keep in mind that they do not do the same work, there is something else that remains the same for everyone because this is the pattern, there are so many practical things and there are practical things that are taught, there is a little change in schools these days. In the process of doing this, I laugh, they also press it and grind it separately. I wanted to do 3D printing 3D printing, tell me, 3D printing 3D printing, so much money, apart from this, apart from that, I want to tell the teachers, you are doing very well.  Can I say one thing that I see should change in the next five years? Is that in the idea? Today, when I take a minute here, I can tell you guys but add why you should go to a school to study me.  Oh no, why are you there, there are three teachers in the school, one I teach from 8th to 12th and one she is an English teacher and she is the three best teacher of the school, two teachers of that school, so connect directly on that account. With parents and kids, the school people are the middlemen, remove them, those who have built this infrastructure are not needed right now, will you do it online only, your eyes will burst, there is a cure for them too, there is a cure for everything. That is, if that detail is peace, teachers also have ideas, then you can WhatsApp me as speaker, Tuni, you are a teacher, I will give you ABS that you say thank you to your school, what can happen on your wonderful journey provided you have good knowledge of subject. You will not be able to do this by the Everest teacher, the teacher should be good, it should be truthful, okay, then you know, if you get a normal type job, you have to do it like this, then you will have to do it, but If you think that you have nothing to do with the speed of a teacher, many people think that they have the ability to earn money, that subscription can also earn money in the best way, that all the reverses are being eaten in India, but let me explain it well in the video.  Make it very well once, then make a chapter of it, make it a date in history, make a map of the Mughal umpire, okay, make a Vijay Nagar umpire's defeat, do it like this, make this video and explain it very well. Good technology is fine for him, but like me, he will give it, sitting in the front, he is distributing wheat, at home, Meena, he sits under the tree, now in winter, you see me, I sit, okay, in summer, you are inside, you turn it on brother, once an ant  We have given it but we will make the video but now who will take it? How come many children do not go to school properly? Good places give them free space. Take twenty rupees from two units. Take 50 rupees from someone. I operate myself from 727 rupees. Where is mine?  Lowest What Ever Say Pimple Figure Shame on this, I work hard for this, you do more, the school platform is providing this technology, no platform, how did I link it, and thirdly, technology is increasing but you should have that, the technology platform is technology.  If you stay inside, technology will make you very good people. For that, you can use it. Anna, you can also keep them in the team. I have a lot of time job leaders who I cannot tell right now and delete them because it takes time to explain to everyone.  It will take one to one and a half hour to explain and do the feasibility. It's good that you went to school for so many years. Didn't go to college. Don't know what to front and don't like and I will continue the video in 4 minutes. Brothers and sisters, it can't be done like this, please tell me the direction.  If I can, I can tell that Seekar will have two teachers, it is okay that in his mind, if he takes tuition of Rs. 35,000 for teaching, commuting and doing some other work, then he has that kind of money.  There is a little bit that I also have physical strength or resident from the album Jazbaa Bataal Se. Whatever you people lack in lady teachers, I call them lady teachers, I will only say this much, I will stay at home, I will do it like this, you will do it like this, this much is enough to handle even the children.  Not me Teachers have great potential in India to and intestine provided you are good evening not very good you will welcome good one just mean scrubs income  Want people's tools and you wo n't need anyone, make Waze, Redmi has made this platform, you make your own and then you don't need to start with lakhs of people, it will work better than 50 years, now if I understand, then you understand.  Which has nothing to do with me, I will not say that brother, I have nothing like that, I will just give the idea, okay I can give it in the webinar also, I can give it anyway, okay Adelaide audience, sleep late.  Also IT into YouTube add equity in life and date of birth can't computers my channel deficits a balance diet growing normally someone is giving quality someone is giving protein someone is giving multivitamin someone is giving minerals that is fat late my channel is like this my channel  But people told me, Begum, otherwise I have done this much, this is not the exclusive growth of the channel, very good hour, individual content is very good, it is not different, I believe you should know everything. This is what I want to break, Warrior, these are just a few, one man, one man cannot know a lot, no one can know everything, but why can't one man know a lot, why can't a nut know speed? Come, people come only for this one thing.  After listening, if the item number is only for the item number, then I will make this channel for the item number people in Ekta channel. Going forward and now going to make it even more intelligent. The name of the channel is Khan Golai Surakshit Par Fas Der Sutra Witch Have.  Been discovered yaar not mind exist 2345 se 0m modified web for monitoring key how works in the mornings and its utilization which is a seal tax and one that I would say like a respect-respect see that all these things are necessary fuel tank my channel Subscribe and will only be able to make a picture of isolation can't do anything paisa mein kuch nahi hai re main bhi kuch nahi hai health bhi  There is nothing, be very turmeric in yourself, there is no money in the pocket, there is nothing in the relationship in life, even if your health is too turmeric, I will blow it away. Everything is important in taking other things. If the one who has what he has, it will be important, then the money man will say my money.  The one who doesn't have money is important, he said, money is not important, it is less, everything is important, why can't you go for everything and have everything in right person like  You have a balance Tamil TV Carbohydrate is in the middle Roti is also needed Protein All the things have come below Okay I can take the channel to the level If there is no exclusive opposition then no Its okay There is no problem with that but if I can make no impact on you  People that is very important to understand that channel its impact is happening because seeing the net's frill statement, that impact is happening where on social videos.  The impact cannot be seen so quickly, even in some countries, it is very big, so it is okay that you may not know, but this is a time job thing and related things can be known about them, news comes in the newspaper, which is very good, okay, so I will. CONTINUE DOING THIS IS NEED YOUR SUPPORT TO INCREASE MEMORY ALSO BUT I CAN COME UP WITH THIS CONTENT If you want to become a message platinum member then you can do so by pressing the JOIN button.  Can become thank you very much