Hello friends, this is a question read video for my subscribers because I was getting a lot of questions, I will tell you two or three things where you are not caught and where you are ready to get trapped, that is, you have toed from fielding to catch and your  If the body is to be caught there, then share this very important video. I will talk about 3 places, one will talk about Dwarka Expressway and one will talk about Sona, what is going to happen to you here.  I will tell me the cream ice, first why you are going to get stuck here, I will tell you at the thought process level, I will tell you two more properties which you should not touch and why you should not touch them, I will tell you in complete logic and the warning is that it is a question in a way.  For all of you, the dead are being brought back to life on the Dwarka Expressway, as if someone must have heard the name of 111th or your ghost was next to the Puri. These are the symptoms of the bull market. Sombir says zombies, explain the Punjabi word to them, love movies are being made, this is good news for those who were stuck here and for the brothers, come on brother, your money was stuck, it is lost, it is becoming fresh, no player has to laugh but this is clear cut.  Direction is all light here, there are 3 4 5 6 projects like this, whatever now, you search on any dot com, then you put the rate and  1 BHK will give a solution, there is no garbage written next to it, you will be stuck sitting like this for 69 years with open mouth, it is raining, within 20 minutes water is going all there  Have you seen this a lot? They spread such a news and all that happens is that there is nothing wood inside, it is a wonder, no, it is solid. There is no fault in sitting on it, it will be something but weak.  If you cheat on top of the wood, then put all the covers on it, you brought it from somewhere else, after that tell me that if we are also done, then do not drag you into them, this was one area, the second biggest problem for people is that one thing is well registered and the face is very much in the certificate.  There is a big difference, the good kind means that he has applied but did not get it, it must be pending for six months, there may be a land issue, it's something like you have got a promotion for the job, but you did not get the job, when you are like  When a girl goes to marry a boy, the girl's father asks you, what do you do, then face register means that I have given the IAS exam, now to understand this, if IAS is installed then it is his stupidity, you understand.  As far as I am concerned, there is a lot of Bullet Gold in between 9 ₹ 2000. Hey brother, you will die. What is the use of crops? Today, that blend has been given to someone else and a case is going on in the court. The whole world knows that even you do not.  I knew that now they will say that brother or tell me your name, tell me this brother, you will also know the name of Judo WhatsApp, you see this brother, you are getting land in Gurgaon for 27 thousand nine thousand, at that rate, if you are not getting Agriculture Fort, then it means.  I don't know what has happened to the rate people are reading in the connected market for the last 6-8-10 months. It seems that everything is definitely related to this SIM which is rotating in your phone.  There is a market in the middle of the stock, it also happens like this, Asian got painted and did not buy Reliance, Tasty did not buy, HDFC Bank bought it, ICC bought it, you bought technology, Nifty key turned out to be a turnkey thing, that sting was short history of blue chip, did not buy the stock.  ITC was also left out, that means everything was left out, yours is fine, then he was a medical shop owner by hobby, Relax was left out, Jam Not Tow was left out, Uber Enterprises was left out because America was first, so it's okay.  Then again in small cap, again the question will come back to penny stocks that yes, these seem to be the best, brother, that is ours and then the money sinks, then you have to see that there is a flight of blue chips in real estate, you have to donate money because  You are being told, hey brother, the rate is low and the weight is less. If the rate is low in the bullish market, then it is some scandal, otherwise because I, you tell me and please avoid uploading the gold market at a cost of Rs 1.5 lakh. Also click, which is exactly where Kamshutra is, 85, 90,000 are also visible, where is the railway line place and everything else is 50, 60 and forty five. Have you ever seen such a market? Have you seen such a market in India which is twice an area of ​​two kilometres.  Two by two, this is 9027 thousand 40,000 60090 thousand and 1.5 lakh rupees in the drinking area, see this much variation and understand for yourself which road is not the one which is golden.  There is a role which goes from Rajiv Chowk to Badshahpur Vatika Chowk Subhash Chowk Gurjars, the whole alignment is there, if there is something on that road then it is fine and I have to take the certificate, you have to resist so much Begusarai, look at the words, it is manipulation of the board, you have to see this certificate. What should you see? Certificate, that number, License number, This application number, Out of work, A certificate. Below that, Joe and the Chairman will have their signatures and the date will be written on it. The area will be written on it.  Name must be written, promoter bank account must be written in it, all the details have to be checked and despite that, I am saying make the address wide because there is no clarity in it, there is no clarity in the market right now, all the investors are there for 20 years. Nothing is going to be built on those small useless plots and whatever will be built on those small sized plots will be smaller than yours Deendayal, you, this area of ​​social affordable housing will not even be built.  The units of affordable housing will be bought more, but some of them on these plots have started moving towards the inside of Europe. Sorry, in the Netherlands, in this booming market, if you consider it valid to put left, then it is popular to put the line Netherlands Sixteenth Century Champion.  Type 'surgery' on Google and you will get to know what was happening there. Okay, so he is on that and I am on that and I can explain whatever is going on on that fungus. So, I hop on these two. You will make your call in the track of all the three things, whatever old stalled projects were there and are being revised, this good news for the people may be delayed till the year but see, you mother, you do not need to go yourself, it is not worth it in one site, it is a fine matter.  Without this or that, don't get fooled by your dot com, what you see, if you go there physically and see it, you will understand what I can say to you, you are so stunned, what has been left from the last 12 years and 11 years by opening your mouth like this. Look at its connection with the foundation, go into it and see the anger because it has taken all the water, has n't it? When that construction is going on for so many years, water also accumulates. When it rains for 20 minutes, and when it rains, you become a builder.  Had it been there, water would have accumulated, that water would have been taken out with a motor, then things would have been made in it, then the roof would have been made, then it would have been covered, then the building would have been a natural process of two, three, four, five years but at one place such amendments like that Sahib.  wife and slave  It was the first day of 'It's not the new one' which was released just now. Watch the first scene of Guru Dutt's Guru Dutt Wali. Saheb, Bibi Ghulam song, Guruji Jaate to Kaisa Wala Feel Hota Hai. So, there is no need to get stuck in such projects right now. Those brothers who are stuck in their  There is good news for you and later in two-three years, when the lipstick and nail polish become tight and your face looks good, if there is anyone else, then see for you all. Those who are connected with me, this teacher, I have the syllabus for him.  If I cover it properly then please spread this knowledge everybody and please pick the Shula device which is given to you. How did you like this device? Do you understand between the two or not that we are players of danger and there are also players of danger?  So you give me the Khatron Ke Khiladi type and type what you understand so that I can get the question paper in such a teacher. I am feeling dizzy. If the education system was like this then India would be so good.  Let's move ahead to the third level and tell Suraj that he has judged that he is a bad person, so if you are playing Khatron Ke Khiladi then type 'We will play the game' and if you understand what I am saying then type edit, both of them came.  I am happy at least, I told one thing and the player of the dangers came to know about it and still wants to play, so it is the same, it is okay, there are many, it is okay that such risk taking life experts are okay, but those who understood, plus MSG type.  Had to do it so that I also like it a little, thank you