Hello friends, welcome to marital series video number eight, what mistake are girls, boys and boys doing when they are looking for prospective bride and groom, even if they are looking for love marriage, divorce for arranged marriage is increasing very much.  I got to hear from some celebrities today so an idea came to my mind because a lot of issues were coming up in my personal consultation too, so what is the mistake I am doing, please read carefully. Listen, I am showing a mirror to the society. I do not have any personal opinion. If you understand the solution I suggest, then you will see the mistakes being made from the girl's side. It tells from the girl 's side that 23 is attracted towards the boy.  Are you going to get married, are you looking for a high level arranged marriage or are you doing a love marriage? The first one here is extreme which is also wrong and this one is a team which is also wrong for the middle class audience. If you see a boy, he is from a very rich family and your daughter will be happy to go there because the family is very famous and has a lot of property, it is very rich, actually very famous.  And the boy is good looking and your girl likes him so let's get married or pull this perfume I mean what the hell is he doing you are mistaken here what the boy is doing she is not looking at the girl's house ₹40  that same salary  Is it of F-35, is it only 50 feet or is it not there and when the time of conversation is going on, when the parents sit, whenever the conversation is going on, yes, that is our fort, it is a plot, it is God's plot, it is two flights. If you are seeing more of the boy's people just telling this then you have to see how much is there in the name of the boy, now here in this video many people will get distracted and will run away leaving my subscribe button, awakening the Guru element, reduce, then its me.  tell because i  I will also tell you the balance. If you listen to the entire video, you will feel that yes, maybe it is nothing, no one tells me what is happening in the society, but no one tells me, Vikrami does it, that is why it does not seem like it, so what is the point in it if your daughter gets married. Princess Diana was also born in a very rich family. The question is whether your daughter is guaranteed to be allowed in that household. In this world, every woman gets her husband according to her status.  status of father-in-law All the people have to find out because when she goes to that house, her reputation will be ruined, the money of this calling is shot. 7 year old, you know, she is fit for administration and principal or even something like that, right, like she is Amitabh Bachchan.  Mohabbatein Movie Tiger is ok so now the thing in it is Back Padda Money or So and Worked for Corporation, Choice does not have money, so many issues are coming in this one, you can reject half of it, I don't know you myself.  Aren't the fund boxes becoming happy? I am telling you a lot of experiences. It seems that everything is a letter. I am writing a letter. Yes, we don't want anything from you. We just want a daughter. How delicate and beautiful. We don't want anything at all, otherwise you don't know anything about yourself. Everything is looking good, issues come, it is very important to see the boy, what is the boy himself, then the girl's self-respect will come from the month, so that is one important mistake, this is the second good boy in the mix, he is doing very well.  Is it ITI combo IMC Peesha Very Good Day and is love marriage happening or is it an arranged relationship, as is the responsibility of any person, serial is ok, in today's world love and arranged marriage materials are one and the same, both are successful, there are no patterns.  To tell that this is good, what is wrong, what is wrong and I will tell this to the boys also that the boys also have to see this thing, now the girl is it I am 3 4 5 lakh salary package fifty  Sixty seventy lakh bat-bat boy 28 29 30 years marriage now what is wrong in this and it is more from the boy's side if in this family now this boy belongs to such a family which family is poor and is below one level, hard work hard work  By luck, by hard work, by everything, this body, now people will say that what happened, very thanks, have never had class, at this time, Riya List, we have a clarification that she, her brothers, sisters, her family, below  How has everything come to this, she is his sister, should his parents give him, will he now give some money to the rich, will he give them a house, can give them a business, can help in his sister's marriage, but this wife is attracted. Now the complete package from his package, if he wants the right, then there will be a hundred percent chance of getting into trouble, yes, there can't be a lot of miss match and the boy who is an ITI student, this is an example from me, ITI MP Police Unwanted, Personally Very  Person but ITI people are writing that time Songs by Music Director Bigg Boss that our hair tops are considered colleges, okay so their fans are considered good hence example Ahmed Same thing can happen with any other combination and solve a newly married  Daughter, these are true, absolutely ready, brother, only Bill P, taking care of spirit, intellect, very clear, bring these zones, both of them, now tell me on behalf of the boys.  If I am starting, the doll is CR, then let's see if it will do anything in the house, will it just stop you and control you, then what the boy and you girl have to do is this, my suggestion brother, adopt the middle path of having such parents who  If there is no need to take a lot, then it is okay if you can give something, but if the boy's ability is good then he should do the work from the middle. The middle class has an approach of its middle class, not being left to right, where greed came in marriage, mother got upset. Red  Nachaniya should come, if something good happens then it is very good. If something good happens then it is very good. Father-in-law's wealth has got no meanings for the boy. I will tell you a very good video on inheritance. Hiring of inheritance and wealth in India. It is the meaning of s.  N That will be a very cute video, there is a sure guarantee that you will have to click on it. Now what for the boys, what will you bring after seeing the girl and the boy, did you think that there is no family in the family?  It is okay if the family is rich, it is a good thing, if you are a little poor then it is good, okay, do not take that much tension, you have to marry a girl who does a job, has the capability to do a job, she has applied Islam and is kept somewhere.  The filth in which they have taken and done because the girls who will work will understand how to earn money. Many people have discussed this with me in their inner circle. Like many of my relatives too, they say that the boys of today do not know.  how no  Will they not be able to raise them? Is it necessary for them to have a job? Yes, a job is required. Women used to give birth to seven, eight, nine and ten children and used to get it on time. Now if they don't get it then it's just that the times are changing, so Juhi is the one who has a job.  All the ladies and women who do not work or do not want to allow other women to do so, and the daughter-in-law of the female sex, their daughter-in-law, should understand that you cannot program any request to the boys except for one. How many jobs does our son do? 30 40 50 60 70 80 We want a girl according to the number of jobs he does. Opposition, I had made a video a few days ago, Justice. A few days ago, the middle class needs to wake up. You are a section of the society, all the women are working below.  I do all the work, I am the lowest and in a research society, all the women work when they get the opportunity with their husband's money. Husband, father-in-law, can give as per their wish, but there are many ladies. Nita Ambani ji works a lot, so when she can work, your maid can work, then this has happened for the middle class to watch Netflix. I am working in office today. There is a campaign that ladies, women, mothers, sisters should work. Many people wrote to me on each and every video that if these women work then they will become criminals, I don't know what is the thinking, what is the thinking that the children will not be taken care of and the children will not be able to get a job and earn money.  There is a big difference in me too, I am asking women to become self-reliant, I am asking them to earn their own income and in the digital age in which we are moving, there are hundreds of jobs that can be done. Girls also get full marks in school and always  The boys were ahead of the industry. Perfect Khan gets left behind. You do n't know what happens when you do. Remember about the 10th in your childhood or look at your own daughters. There is no top trend in the class. There are a lot of boys in first to third. Generally, innocent girls are good, where have these girls of ours gone, although now the Supreme Court's ruling has been opened for this, in future, I will catch it in my career, all this was cooked in the job, but today I have to tell in the marital  Wanted Summary: What a boy does himself is the biggest thing for him. Girls, he is doing a good job and the father is very good, so that is a bonus, but one should not depend on the father for marriage. He will do something for his daughter. Most likely to have a strong time only because how the power dynamics of a family in India works according to the digit will also be the topic of discussion in my videos in the family series that the control in the house and for wealth was tight at the entry level. Politics was also clear in the same way.  I will tell you that it is very interesting, I am connecting directly with the people, right now people are saying that the standard of the videos is increasing, it is feeling very good in the comment section. Open up and tell me and his marital sex, I will take him in the job and also in the family. Following I am someone else, I will surely benefit and if the jinn has made these mistakes or is he suffering then they are real, their names are different and they are like.  You can give this video a hearty comment that yes man, this thing has power, thank you.