Hello friends, the topic I have brought to you today is called Big Mistake in Ara Products by Real Estate. In this I will discuss two big mistakes, are they at the Swift process level or is there a problem in the approach?  I will tell about the prescription medicine at the meeting and I will discuss about the 75% reservation in the end. I will also give some input on my previous video, so you will stay till the end. I will be very happy.  No one has lost much, there has been a lot of affection, respect and love from you people and some are getting so much that in the video 'Bahar Tera Dil Mein', there was 15000 years of trying to interact with so many people, for this I thank all of them very much.  What will I say and I will request that those who have not yet subscribed the channel should subscribe the channel, then the first thing I will tell you about the mistake is that there is something wrong in the approach or the internet.  But you want to buy a property by pressing a button, you cannot buy it like this, this is the first mistake, you pay a fund manager for a SIP of ₹ 5000, you pay fund management fees in a mutual fund, and you buy things worth crores in a suicide note as well. So I will do my search, I will tell this smell with examples, I have converted it in push, I will tell you by taking examples from Gurgaon, template with father, city 200, everyone became  Wait, you said 3BHK in Gurgaon, so the input given is the only thing wrong, 3BHK AT LITE, listen to all of you, it is not possible, this is the map of all the money of buying dirt in Gurgaon, it is better to buy 2BHK than buying a ridiculous 3BHK, you guys.  Well buy one, buy a good 2BHK anywhere, I am in this much much better Android, see this god, buy 3BHK as soon as you get ATM lakh 3BHK  Good thing it was very beautiful, they got the numbers of many people, now if you are contacting those whose numbers have come, then they will fry it well, people here should understand that whenever you are a General Federer.  If you enter the truth, you will get 1500 properties and 1500 options. If you can't do it, then you put a thought process in your mind that if there is an example like a medical council, I will give it to you, like I want a girl, the character should be good.  She should be beautiful, there should be dimples on the face, she should be a money earner, she should also know how to cook, her parents should also be from a well-to-do family, in this way, people make the list of 1820 people in the marriage market in the same way in real estate and so on.  You have already told me that I have to consult a marital counselor. You will find all these qualities in this girl, but you will find them in seven or eight girls, but you will not find them in one. Similarly, the list of demands of boys and those who have girls is even bigger.  If there is a demand list, then stop in the meantime, we are activating it. Location should be very good. Builder should be good. Property should be cheap. View should be good. Entry should be good. Payment should be good. There should be some other facilities. Minutes are not added. Well, then you just participate in the budget and then at a distance of 100 meters and 50 meters on the Najafgarh drain, you are getting a very good 3BHK whose plastic is turning yellow, you go and buy it.  That a lot of people are trapped here in these properties, you people should understand that once the expensive one cries, the cheap one again and again, this proverb did not become dat this dam second thing, one more thing which I will tell in the cross tinder thought process, there is something wrong with it.  So this is the builder, this is the seller, this is the middleman, this is the broker, this is the side and this is the blood and a common man, the common customer, middle class, this is Amol Palekar, Ayushman Khurana, he is the Musaddilal of Office Office.  It doesn't have a station, that means it's all the fault of the worry and this brother is very decent, it's not like this man can also be greedy, he can be stupid, maybe 50's of symptoms can be used for this thing.  For man and all these can be painted with your tree, I am just giving a logical example, I am also an astrologer because it is said that  If someone is going to loot and loot, then this Pooja will tell, these big lumps, 9 panels, should I store it, is it okay, then it is absolutely a festival time, the legs are fine, but the strength is building up, isn't that guy, the guy who came, who has keratin?  If you ask how much and what to do, then absolutely either you will come to the group or you will come to the furnace in real estate, I know this, I know this is right, then the seller will ever say, shopkeeper, adopt my cashew nuts.  Don't buy a wife. She is eight days old. Whoever says this is A. So you should understand that all these internet sites can do a benchmarking game based on great knowledge. Depending on them, don't say this. This will be research.  According to the syllabus, ten to fifteen percent is eighty-five percent and many people come to me, I have done the research. According to this, if you ask them completely, then by asking them two questions, you will come to know that the level of research is ten to twenty percent. They don't have the rights but they do n't know from the taste A+ Who will tell then come here Earn Processor Playlist Educated Chilli Sleepers Masood If you can understand my hard work then you can understand then I will tell you one more thing which now people do not understand in property approach and Say a mistake, give me some topic, Aatma Office, interesting people, do not understand the Aatma Office project, that when I tell you and white way to buy a car, then someone went to buy a car, you said, 12 is the last in the straight.  If you like any car, then what car do you buy just because of the bill, how is the headlight, how is the steering, there is a lot of space inside, the trunk is less, it is good, it is bad, it is a lot of people, ladies, I know more about the cars.  I am not so fond of him that his approach remains like this but when he is a smart man who is anti-shatter and knowledgeable, as soon as he says this, soul question will come, how much is the all power cut off, what are the facilities, what are the accounts of these people. What is the feel of 305 to my car? How many vehicles are used in a car accident? How many cars are used for my car? How does a man do the compulsion? And here you do it. If you do not know this, you have also seen the sample flat in Atma of Project. Builder Builder.  Look at some of the names of Location Bharti today, only Bhabhi goes to the location which shows openness. There is never any openness in India. Go to any part and see that 30 years ago, 40 years ago, there were very open mountains.  And it was a good place, all the sewerage is getting blocked, now I don't know what is happening, if you go and see India, then if you see this openness, then its openness will not last and till how long it will not get the fascination of openness.  So in the beginning he did not enjoy it because no one came who came forward so that one openness in on people have gone so this is diet tummy and word is done by not doing SIM, things like that are cash account Dr.  To anything, just use English, it is not easy, so in this I want to say that this date is Kutch Kutch Kutch Kutch, this nature, if you have to do it, then how to do it. Do you know someone who can help you do this and hold it? Can tell these things openly. Hair is a little white, eyebrows are black, there is a smile on the face, eyes are shining. Do you know anyone? If not, I will give you the number. Contact him below. Name is Amit Sangwan.  their I look different even when using my name in third person, okay, it is a bit of a joke but if you want clarity on this then you can even a number of being a wide web Indore price now Video Education destruction because in that it goes here  What is one topic of attraction on one side and I told you about it that these two mistakes are being made. Fat fat, don't even get married. Student medical follow on the internet. Every time I go around and click from all the things I do. I  I don't always respond. Most of the time, there are issues in dot com weddings, so it's like people ask questions and share it with brother. This flower never happens like this, it makes it so good. I say yes, you are a  Please tell me, why do you look so happy on Facebook? Is it something in real life that you are there or that you have made DP by doing research or have dyed your hair black? Vinod, I ask him that have you dyed your hair black?  If so, then why are you keeping the brushes in the factory, putting the daub and putty, the world does its own make-up, so when a builder does it, then just look, I am not from Winter, I am not a builder at all, I am a real estate educator, that's fine, that's just fine. In that I am telling that you should tell the builder like this, brother, it is absolutely like that and we want to show our life very well to our best friend, now when you go to see the girl or the girl's people.  if you look at  You should be wearing nice clothes, look properly, if he is coming to see you, then he is doing the same inside also, you also have to see that the person whom you told him to see is fine, she is also fine, then go ahead and see for yourself. You are being shown a brochure, now it is giving you a feeling of something Rahul, an effort has been made, it cannot be better than this, it can be less but it cannot be better than this, so at least you will give me five brochures. I will tell you from the property itself from the prostate  Let me tell you that these two- three packs out of five are priced at the declared level. I am not saying that the market is going to run at whatever level you like and you can stop wasting time by knowing this.  How can I delete this paper after watching it? Just like there is a movie, its trailer remains in this 2-minute trailer, but you don't have feelings about that movie. You will get progress and enjoy watching it, so you should not do the best book, but the book.  first 10  15 If your interest is not shown in 2025 pages, Selfie is also in the video. If you are watching in the video now, I am taking your time. If you are not enjoying the video, I am not enjoying in Churu. There are no 2 4 5 6 minutes. Don't watch me too.  Don't look, set the time in life, learn the variety and you will release that progress in life starts with your own hands, so I will stop this discussion here because the thing that I told you. Ignore special send was seventy five cent reservation in jobs and I made that video my 12 days will be wasted mail you are not able to understand whether I made a mistake or not then I will request the subscribers that it would have been better if Akshay also wrote the comment  Guru people and couples, if they are friends or mine, then I will tell them openly, there is a big difference, it is not such an easy and simple thing, then a person gets confidence in it.  Or not if this is no more people feel that my friend because it is said that what does one like, the question arises so declared, he makes a cutlet, the quality gives a thumbs up, the quality writes a short line and the one likes.  Neither do nor can they give the area To Mystic Like Me 128 Administration And I consider myself a king at a very high level in my cities, that it does not matter to me, I have a lot of knowledge about these things, but brother, you are user word distracted.  Let us tell you about the messages that have been received by a property dealer and what has been discussed. Yesterday again the government gave clarification on the side effects that it should not be non-technical.  Non means technical, this reservation will not be in the technical side towards non-technical, so it is a little bit, it will not be good technical, then I was telling earlier in this video, here I have a little read from both the sides, even if you take clarity on any topic.  But one people keeps chatting with you in a batting manner on our behalf, now I should put such a torch but the reality is that this one also got angry and this one also got angry, both the parties got angry but this is the role. That it is difficult to make people understand in India, make people angry in India, do this, it is difficult to make them understand because they are the ones who whip or not, you tell me aside, this is good, this is a roast because those who want to do this, I got up and asked someone to  this rock I will stop here, I want to tell you that things do not change so quickly, this is the generation or the ones who change your stomach, those who cry in the morning and those who cry like this, there are many of them among you. How has the country changed in the morning of my house? I want to change the country. Seeing everyone, come on the scoundrel. I will help my mother in cleaning the bathroom. Make two cups of tea for my mother so that my mother can  There is no service because they will serve Mother India, but I cannot say that the many people I know who have been martyred and do such work, are in the job, they are very good family men and very good sons.  Who is not a good person to repeat and who is not a good son to his mother he cannot serve in the mean time because this congenial free mother India has stuffing spirit in him. Okay so who was his mother that he was British in India then you people  can see who in  Meaning, all the people should serve to help themselves and we should award those who have such things like above and subscribe to the channel, share the video, thank you.