That Hello friends, today's video is video number two of the time series. The first video was highly appreciated, very good feedback came, so I am quite motivated to bring this family series video two. In it, I had discussed about my father. Very nice 2036 people said.  I want to show my father how, so my request to him is that I request everyone to watch this video first, show it to him first, in this I am going to whip the younger generation a little and I am going to tell about them. Dad, after watching this, he will watch it, maybe the balanced viewers will understand, then it is important for everyone to watch, India is not discussing this, this kind of content is not coming anywhere and the person providing the content is directly benefiting from it, otherwise watch this video.  I will tell you about two main things in this, those who are wasting our lives due to war, they definitely need this device, if you are a father, if you are a mother, if you are an adult or know such parents whose children are in this situation.  Please forward it to them and listen to it with an open mind or subscribe to the channel if you have n't done so yet, then like the video or the first of the two, a disease has come, I will use the word from the word new.  This generation is facing the problem of going abroad and becoming a 'Tarpana' because in both these things father's money has to be spent, they are not working that hard and this is a big disease because there is a shortage of jobs as per their requirement.  It is not available in this country, but if you do not like what you have thought in your mind that I will have an office and this will happen, then you are sitting at home crying that I do n't know when India will have nine maunds of oil, right Radha. When she dances, I have to go, then this is the biggest problem and in this, those who push their child, you go, you go, you do something, then pick, a child says, make me internal, don't do it, give 50 lakhs, give me 40 lakhs more.  if this is the idea  I have to tell the children here also that if the child asks for money, keep his younger sister, whatever amount of money the child asks for, then the father has been told that 20 cents is his earned, bring it to me and keep it on the table, earned.  Meaning that according to savings, if a child is asking for ₹ 5,000,000 from his father, then he will have to keep ₹ 1,000,000 in the account or whatever, father, look at this, I have earned 10 lakhs.  Now this is my program and you give me 50 lakhs. You can't keep it until you earn a single rupee. You don't know how to talk to people. You do n't have that much etiquette. Bedsheets are not made in the morning. You don't wake up on time. You remain dreamy. Your group.  Same is the case with empty pulao people and then to save father's hard-earned money, if your eyes are on them then it is a sin to be a child and the father who emotionally blackmails such children.  He is very stupid, he is a big dog, there are some song words in them, but don't feel bad, I am making the video only for the welfare of the society, so don't do this. Another thing is that people are addicted to going abroad, someone has gone to some relative, no one tells the whole thing. Guest friends, if you are such a respectable parent that you are ready to do all these tasks, then if you do half of these tasks in your house today, then there will be a little relief for your parents.  We will be ready to return. It sounds like a joke, but the fact is, what is this thing outside, are you a show and what are you going for, are you going for studies, are you going for a job, is this a lot of tourism?  That's it, go to hell, we will go out, something will happen, something good will happen, this is India's time, okay, for the past four-five years, there have been some issues in different things and one more time they showed like this, this is the time to go abroad.  This is the time to settle down and work, make money in India  24 is to earn, you will go after 5 years when there will be profit here, which I am sure will affect the economy, this is not the time to go out, there is a reason and answer to go out, which daughters also do, sons both do that you have a friend.  Or there is a friend of hers who plans to go to London or do something and you keep telling your parents that I am going to go with her or the boy says that my friend has to go, now they do not realize that the other child What is his father? Your father may be a rich businessman who is selling his child only for exposure and you are a middle-class person, he is not only in banking but also in investment. Mother is afraid of asking the child.  It seems that brother, what is the guarantee on how much money you will earn? When will you earn the ribbon? Useless people can say that they take half and I invest half of it, but even in that no one talks about returns and investment.  My father is made to feel that if I had given him the money from the younger generation, my future was sure to be bright. Those children who are capable go on scholarship. If they are so capable, then father will not be able to spend 20-35 cents on it till 2025.  35 pages You have taken a scholarship for 20-35 cents, you are taking a little loan and your father will invest 30-35 cents for not too many and promising children.  So I am not telling this at all because I am telling that a video cannot be made for five percent of those who sleep in the outline, a video is always made, maximum 95% is made for the general public, so this one was the second one, what I am trying to tell is that this  The ghost of going to the country immediately and secondly, this should become a hunter panel to fill the under, take the country forward but not on the shoulder that my graduation is over and I became a hunter directly on the first day with my father's money.  Brother, if your idea is so brilliant and you are so capable, trust me, people will line up to give you money. If your idea is good, there is no need to waste his father's money. If your idea is good then no one is ready to invest money.  Like there are many film producers or those who know many names, if you launch your boy then it is okay to spend his money and if any normal man will say, take a loan, take this and launch me.  That's a lot of things, so I finished this point here. The second point of mine is yes, clearing UPSC exam, IAS IPS exam is a big disease, it is taking the country backward, let me explain how you are studying now.  It's been 21 years of IPS IAS, it's been 2 years, it's been 3 years, only then I got cleared, sometimes I became main, only then there is an interview, will sometimes happiness be limited to you, sometimes you will have little, sometimes small jobs, this whole country is ours.  There is a war, there is such a high percentage of debt youth, on this preparation, there is a friend of the unmarried girls, the girl who is preparing for the IAS exam, because how to tell that she is waiting to find a boy, yes, something practical has to be cooked, she has already appeared and her exam.  If it is interpreted as if you are told that you are roaming around with a lottery ticket, you can get a job, then you have to see that Haldighati took place in 1576 and the Battle of Plassey took place in 1757.  Studying Mohenjodaro is not good for the country, history should be read, but the whole world is studying history because we have to pass the exam, why do we have to pass it, let's come to the second point, now an interesting IPS officer, he posted it on Twitter, took a poll.  It was said that you are an IS, why does it want to become a fee, it has a result, it wants to serve the country, power is very good, this generation is also destroyed, everyone has written about maturity, power is the thing that Reddy has written, power is needed.  Now it is clear to him that this power that this person has taken, who is this person, who is creating dreams, these dreams are being created by China, there are 20,000 to 25,000 coaching institutes that provide this coaching and a huge amount of money is spent here. Those who are becoming rich by teaching you and you will also tell them the message, I will put such a 15 second clip to arouse the desire of Modi ji to fill the form in Varanasi for any election.  So the IS returning officer is sitting like this and a similar PM candidate has to stand up and say something, then that 15 second clip is going viral and on that, even for this day, we have to read that it means the country. Who is the Prime Minister and is contesting the election, if you are standing like this for watching the skin time, then it means that you are destroying how many people because of that feeling. I don't know how many people have been destroyed by this video, but my video will help you people.  by adding  It is a request to circulate in the war, if you see this, out of 5,000 children who appear, one child becomes an IS. Take out this bribe and see that side, friends, how many monkeys love, if 5,000 children appear, then one becomes an IS. Okay and India.  If you have around 5000 IS in Varanasi then your chances of becoming Varanasi Board Returning Officer are 1.5 to 0.5 to 0121 Appointment  2.5 crores, if you are batting for the possibility of one thing in 2.5 crores, then where is your life going to go? Look at this, life is just low property, go after the low hanging fruits in life, these are dreams.  This is a normal job, if you do not commit corruption by going into it, then just like there are normal jobs all over the world, one is a job and the other is really a lie that is sold and that is that this IS and these government babus will replace Trisha.  Neither India changed the country nor America changed them suddenly. The government employee does not change the country. He remains confined to the government and the public. Only no one changes the country. It is the opener who shows passion and does not reduce things.  Have Elon Musk send your jack to America, boss Bill Gates, okay, warrant back from ads, those who are like Steve Jobs, who created companies like Apple, come to India, okay, Adani Ambani, many now have user names.  People have a lot of questions about abusing us because they are such people, but the fact is that they do this job, spread this business, do everything, they do this, so if they do this, they will also earn money and so on.  Khan will provide jobs without money. Okay, these days, the charity that these people are doing can make the rich, they cannot make the poor, so you have to understand that this thing that is being told to you will change your English. You see how much chance you have to change the country, how many years are there for you to waste, please make a cutoff, don't waste the 10 years you have, it takes energy for 20-35 years of war to get this job, that gets wasted in it and everything is nothing.  It gets delayed and you understand how many chances there are. You know which rank you used to get in your section. You know how many sections you have in the school. You know how many schools are there in the district. See how many districts there are. You can get an idea.  It is not possible that you will get injected suddenly. This is the biggest disease of Indians. What is the harm in trying? The harm in trying is that if you are spending your life trying one thing, then you are not able to try the other thing.  Let it be said that if you have to pluck a mango which is planted at the highest level of that tree, then if you feel that it is okay for the lower mango which is hardly within the limit, then you can do this test and see if you do not understand by doing one test, then take another one.  hanging fruit you catch You can do this is my appeal for war, I request you to do the three things mentioned, the fear of leaving the country immediately without adequate plan and planning and exhausting your father's money, secondly, filling the hunter's account on father's money and thirdly, keep preparing endlessly for the exams.  These 3 things are holding you people back a lot. Those who understand compounding, started working at the age of 18-19 while studying and  If you start earning money and start investing, then it has been discussed a lot, in 18 to 31 years he will achieve so much that the one who is starting in 30 years will never be able to erase it. Please post a video and tell me. I have only a few videos in which I say more please please, I don't say please in all of my videos, I am fine, please share this video, there are such young people and then watch the take.  Care Call Explained Stand And Show This One To Your Dad Thank You Very Much For