Ajay is okay that I will be covering two topics in astrology first fiction and which of the planets is acid along with it, then we can use them accordingly in our life for our benefit. Understand the basic thing of Karma and this thing.  For this, you do not need much knowledge of astrologer, there is no need to calculate any horoscope, I am telling you the pet six, second thing I will tell you is the part pending karma and how to relate it, I liked you.  For growth, I had also asked him a question before that, he certainly does not seem to be a maestro of test logic, even the Lord of People does not seem to be ticked off by 20%, which is a myth. Types of Astrology Research. How is the case closed loop regarding this project?  It seems to people that it is Godly that the Panditji type will be in the line and the village Pandit or the Pandit in the temple is that kind of man and that type of lungi.  If he says that he will walk after wearing it and he will talk like Deshnok etc. then what was there in India for a long time that Brahmin pundits had the right over education so they used to do the same and other people did not do it. If they had been educated from now on then it would be very strange and need to be filled.  It is necessary to be educated, so that is where Aishwarya goes, and he continued and he was shocked, all the people of our astrology, you and I must have read algorithms and lock tables in our childhood.  In this way, there is a table tax system in which people can't calculate this income, I was missing something somewhere, how the almanac comes out, all these things were silent books, that knowledge was there, that's the limit, so few people want, it's okay.  So that's why the community where it comes from is working 16 Flirting at Streatfeild place in 2008 Bigg Boss I am telling the history of this and that among ourselves that this  I have understood the project, what is the real problem for you because if you have understood this thing then you will understand by playing Home You Will Approach After and also those of you who are village near astrology, you will put it in the class to know which one is it, it was Bigg.  Boss, you will understand that he was in this class, he will take this account, you will understand, okay, so when this computer came and when all this was made then it became very easy to make the horoscope, so first of all focus horoscope.  like a brother in making Make a horoscope and you are paid for the same. If making a horoscope has become easy then the only remaining thing is its interpretation that what is this now? Now those who are historical old astrologers and your own ones are not coming yet, you are getting some information about your old ones. Exactly according to the scriptures, if there is knowledge then it is limited because 2000 years before you, not counting the profession, 15 people used to cry or sleep, the experience was also with the class and the last one.  If programming is born then someone will tell you that you will work for the people, you will work for the problems, you will do chatting. He could have just told you that there is no need of an astrologer, that today the profession has become so much that if you are a doctor then Children's doctor is the design, bones are hot, nervous system is brain 's psychological trick, which means if you are only a doctor, then do 50, or if he is only a doctor and engineer, if he does fifty, then this is how many jobs, say all this.  Something new has happened, the guests' concepts have become different, women, how money is about women, the constructor of people, I will tell you in the horoscope meeting, how there was a change, so there are two types of astrologers, please like it, you people, who are near the day, who are the people of good learning.  There are two ways in which you can understand feelings related to Venus Best or Twitter West. Two Venus Aveshas or Guru Shukracharya are Kuru Kuru from the teacher of the persons. Those are the ways and those who are special judges will be thin in appearance.  It will work very quickly and will be very ritualistic. Well, I should not say even once about any of the two that this is good or this is bad, both are good. First tell me but tell about both of them, which will be a mark of business pest and this is now.  Traits will come in humans also, you have to click both the things because the one who is straight in astrologer can be like this in you too, so you also tell whether you are more towards Jupiter or towards Venus, then I will tell you that ultimate happiness.  It is good in this, both sides are dry at this time, good in one, both the copies should not be dry, anything else is needed, that committee is Venus base, human has become astrologer, it will be ritualistic type, on the left, so that put it, then do it like this, Gurudev will be Jupiter of Play Store or something.  Move your hands forward. Okay, don't move your hands forward. It's okay. Hey buffalo paste, bring this, bring it like this, now do it like this. One thing is that even after Tantra, one who is concerned about knowledge is inclined towards budget and back. Dj song on beautiful and like giving you tried to and second and work for them that work of making me die has been done, something has happened at all, leaves is to vote in, if we save you, then life will not work, life will work, homeopathy ayurveda pimple ke  Tell me in the form, it is okay and your Amarjanasi is like medical science, there is a lot of disease in it too, why does it come from the root, why should it be removed and it never came, nor money, it is in its factory.  It will be that it will come less but it will also be enough to survive, this is the best person, never hungry, don't think that he is always busy, what are the fans, there is a lot in it, I will not try to scare you by using the note that I will not view Tantra, but there is some energy in a different way.  Of these astrology is her life Mathura mist exfoliate to goddess like little sixteen porn clipping line more than 6 points money side knows these knowledge Puri who is the guru of demons is very much  It was challenging when they were dividing as to who will become the guru of whom, then notice, becoming the guru of children, it is more updated challenge, gender, tight, income, body of children, otherwise, if it is baked, then it has happened, road knowledge, Guru has also given them the brush, he has also given his own to them. Shukracharya leaves are of historical importance for taking to school. If you like all the stories of my platinum number, then you will spend 20 minutes a week on good, sorry, heard, to link up.  If I do n't talk about it now then the topic will become long and the main thing is that the Guru will say that keep the [ __ ] fast and when will you keep it, it is okay after knowing this, he will not say if you want then keep it on Tuesday, then you have asked this question. Digit Time Subscribe As soon as I type this, it has no meaning, it is done like this, okay, then you are in a lot of trouble, it will give benefit only to you if you want, it is not like that, but this is a decision list, so when in your life like  I won't get married, it's okay  Or if nothing is happening, then you are very torn, then this is it, but this guy will tell you the result that maybe you should do it, you should not do it, why the marriage broke, why the marriage broke, what if it will grind you or it will give you the solution, it will give you the solution to those things.  Whatever you think you will get, I may also be of the same color, it may be a little high level pride in your thinking, all your thinking is wrong and you are going with it. These are the people who get the rates at Rs.20 per minute. minutes at ₹50  ₹ 40 per minute, ₹ 50 per minute, you would like, there are many apps and you will get Astrologer, he is of good quality, Officer Cut, this man is not imprisoned, don't worry, ₹ 40, ₹ 40 per minute phase, its rate will be very high in China, Looter Hi  I will do one consultation and a devil is fine even in 250, fooling me is less alive, when will Ram Navami be celebrated, here I told this basic thing to whom.  How many are enjoying this, so there is a feeling that if you tell me this useful thing, then I will not stop you on this, is it okay or how many are enjoying this 2030. To understand this, mom is still like this even inside the house. Mari, whatever I told you, whatever I will tell, all in prostate language, this guru astrologer, for this kind of reason, all human beings say the same thing, whatever mummy says, it has become a bad omen, this has happened, daughter-in-law, wow, she says to you. She is a business pest and no one says what mother says. Son, get up and increase. I have to make tea, I don't have to make it, help, Jupiter, Jupiter, Venus, bad omen, daughter-in-law doesn't agree, how many women do you have to confess, I don't even know, horoscope of a very beautiful person.  She used to bring ki and felt like man, this is a back feeling in the front, this is definitely difficult for women and enjoyment in this is why we but I can be very shy, although women  She may look young, it means she may look good at a party, but she is not so out of place, no one can hide her age of 30 years, she is a year old, but it is okay, so how can a man live at your age.  Do n't have a married daughter-in-law, you have brought someone, okay, this is a problem, this is a big problem, daughter-in-law, she has to be selected, okay, then bring a Bhogi, anytime, it is good, listen, I have not seen anyone else's horoscope, listen to a definition like  If my son's daughter is in trouble then what will you do to her stomach ache from your son, if you show me your Holi, you can't show me your horoscope, then the one whose horoscope you are showing, bring him to any such person that he has a life, brother, you are the one in your [ __ ].  When you go near me, is it okay? Do you take off your clothes? It is a shameful act, is n't it? It seems a little too much, so it does not mean that you will teach someone something, the horoscope is telling the account of your births. Sir don't give your times now slipped on any buddy means he can give his bank account now I will not suffer that much loss ok OTP and ATP are one if he gives the film of ATM then money will come out these times be very careful and this mummy  Isn't it, your beautiful mother is fine here, now she is giving left and right, people, so come on tell me what are you doing, show the ad of your daughter, show the photo, see the full time below and say on WhatsApp,  Find a boy for him. Have any of you seen this happening then write the ID or if you are doing it yourself then write it for your son also? 27th September 1996 Ruby, you see for yourself what kind of horoscope is ours and see if it looks good then  Call me, WhatsApp me on this, you are sending very affordable housing, you are doing some marriage, don't do such things brother, it is ok, people have PP ID and thank you, very much requested notice people.  Are you enjoying? Astrology has got astrologers just like you are. A good astrologer gets good clients. A good client gets good against. By melting a line, astrology is such an unfortunate thing. Call it a science or call it a study. Traveler.  Tell me where an astrologer is and how that science is found. Understand Paris that if a doctor kills a patient by performing a wrong operation then there is no attack on medical science.  A doctor would go to jail, his license would be lost, but who would have something to become one, but if this type of election is found, then astrology would become useless and the only person who would come would be asking when will I be promoted. He comes only because he wants to marry me for himself.  If you don't know how to be a good person then the topic is Planets' Chest Question Speed ​​Start Moon Gyanchandra is your mother in your life, each one has a lot of significance, I will tell you in detail for ₹ 40, okay so that you can  If you can understand that something is going wrong in your life then where could it be wrong, link him and he will do the topics in front of me and also note down the things that you want to do, if it is okay then Moon is your mind, Moon is your mother, Moon is yours.  Mood is Mohan Bad mood Bad mood Bad mood Bad vocal Fighting with mom Mood bad mind Bad mood Your liquid gas is this 45 of Doraemon You take notes Okay don't mommy that's your mind Moon is your liquid gas Now Rajasthan  I am telling this to every relative, first of all note it down because through the relatives even the things like steel will be understood, the number is Sun, your father, the modern saint of every man and woman, Sun, father Sun, what else is Sun, whatever is yours comes from father.  Don't tell me anything, you don't know who my father is, so what happened, haven't you heard? These people are intelligent people, you will remember this dialogue. Okay, who is the sun, now it is the moon, Moong has to look at you like Guddi Rani. Badi Rani Moon Hai Hanuman Hasan's game whenever you like Samayik then remember Ram Ji Maryada Purushottam Ram is ok please don't ask questions date of birth encounter retail please I am telling you a very deep thing about cars which I did not know anything about.  This is a webinar for a person because it is for consultation only and that education is for someone who does not know anything about his birth date, he does know that Surya is his father, so if father was this Surya.  If Surya has to set the show then now Ram ji should be visible to you, you should remember Ram ji, Surya means display, Surya means government, Surya, i.e. forget Surya, means a little, okay, we will delete all the things, how will he come as an instrument with Shagun, he is very Deep fun, I will teach you very well, calmly, water, Puneet's reliance, okay weight, all the vaccines, then the sun is yours, okay, Mars, who is the Indian Army Commander, then Mars, which is your 3D movie.  Will you watch a movie? While watching an Indian movie, while watching a Hindi movie in English, a man is standing on a horse with a sword and in front of him is an army of two lakh rupees. This 20,000 rupee note is a crazy person. I will tell you about this going to fight sow and march.  Wherever you are, no one can defeat you, that every person is not in one place, you, everything will be lost in water or it will remain depending, I will tell you, if you are ok, then set it, people set the planets with characters like this. Set the pant like this, do the moon with Shri Ram ji, kill the army commander with Irani, the army commander, the commander, the administration is the king, resolution and commission are called government, nowadays one has to say government, not king, if it comes to the button, then the army commander of the king is proud.  The act of thinking is just a number, even if he does n't think, and the army commander, the army commander, will think only this I want to tell and witch, okay, this is your beating, if you are enjoying, then tell me, increase it slowly, okay now?  Your Venus comes in front of you. What is Venus Beans, BSP Beauty Spa, that is your wife, everything is a big plan, a big thing, all these things are ginger, some time they are called planet, some are called Tubelight, definitely these ones make life better and  The only thing that is bad is that those who are good do something good, okay, this is the biggest one, after that we are going to dangerous planets, absolutely okay, so Venus of Venus, your wife is IG, she is beautiful.  Grace is smoothness, meaning of light. It is good if you live in a smooth house. It is good if you have a closed job. I have seen in the hours, what kind of job is this. He has reached a very high position but he is in a government job. He is at a very high position. The office is 20 and  That tea and water is also available like this in it, there is a lot of track plant, there is a lot of power in everything, but it is not good at home and this small butt is like this in the corporate, I don't know which Mumbai job I have kept, everything is good. ok there, had fun  Girls also come, girl, your beautiful people, your fragrance comes, coffee comes, big hope's salary, I can't even turn to take the news, so I will explain to you in this way, Captain, I have come, the dream is over there, after that, we go under the Yagya.  Let's go closer, the planet is Mercury, Mercury is the child, whatever female relative you have, other ban, mummy and wife wants to be victorious, mummy will be moon, party will be there, whatever female relative you are, sister, aunt, etc.  Their significator is Mercury, so basically I give more importance to sister and daughter. In this, today's topic of Cuba has gone a bit far. Aunt, any of your aunts and uncles, all of them would have come under Mercury, but the most important relationship can be between sister and your daughter.  For you that he is fine Mercury Bach only Mercury Mercury is active TV Yours Your very thinking Question Grandfather Ancestral process His he is fine Mercury Mercury Besan in front Chindi Besan in front One small thing  If it falls more then Mercury is the best, okay, after that we move ahead, the next planet is ours, now come Rahu and Ketu, okay, these shadow planets do not gift, these notes, notes of berries, notes, notes and a little technical team, Rahu will not go.  If you want to understand then you are the best character. Now the role of Ranveer Singh Khilji in Padmavati is played by Rahu. Look at the animals and vote. Many people can see Rahul's face and can tell that Rahu is still there. He lives like this, Maya also gives him the vote.  He wants what he likes, at what price he wants it, there is no question of moral ethics, it means like saints involved moral ethics, it is okay that Rahu is sitting on you other than Arshan, well Rahu, I am giving you something to read, the most powerful persons, personnel Honda, Rahul who  He is the army commander, Raju Rahu Rahu, he is just sir, you must have heard the dead forest story time, if you don't, then I will listen to it in my platinum, I will put the rest of the people to sleep too, if you become or  I will tell you sometime, okay, we were giving nectar to drink, it had burst, the upper one had become Rahu, so Rahul worshiped only a little, so this one can eat anything, this one is below this, will his thirst ever be satisfied, so where Rahu is.  There is something there that cannot quench your thirst and wherever it is, you will carry that thing with you, no matter what you have to do, and if you come in the ascendant, then his entire personality should be such that brother, I want it, I just don't know. what kind of people are like this  You are Takra, you have it, it is okay to tell, Ketu Ketu has two elements, Ketu spirituality, if you do not have spirituality, then there is the question whether party should not be held because it has no effect, below is body spirituality, flag is also called okay and  Rahu only takes you to the heights when they would watch movie stars' juice movies used to be very hit it was Uday and Rahul Gandhi dasha running Rahu does not take you to heights but Rahu prevailed Rahul  He is also giving you a job. If your work is in it, it will get swept away, it will dry up and move ahead, even then, look inside, real estate will not last, you cannot submit it, okay, so being these planets, I have searched for all these planets, Rahu is yours.  Grandfather is told, Dada Dada, Rahu is fine, it means in a relaxed relationship, if I tell something to every relative, then Rahul Dada China is fine, your nature is like an old husband, then it is fine and I am yours, I am coming to the next planet.  But Sarthak is fine, Thaneer Thaneer Bharat Fiction Easy Tay, he is an old man, you can set him as a beggar, you can show him, he is like any class four or the lowest person in any society, Kodai is a poor beggar, someone who is at the bottom.  In the golden system, take the people who work in your house, all these in that category for 5, 10, 20, 30 thousand, it is very important, how do you treat them?  If you are treating Saturn, then you say that Saturn has spoiled it, you will go to the temple, Shani's oil will be applied, oh brother, look at this shadow, it is okay, then the category Jha is also there for you, it gives renunciation, if Saturn is in the seventh house, what will be the effect on marriage?  So, if he takes it in renunciation, then in Astrology, I will give you further question-answer session in this and will tell you more qualitatively how it will help in your life, then he takes it aside, that planet is looted, right.  Jupiter means Guru, Jupiter can remove all the sorrows and pains of life. Subscribe to him. When you wake up, Guru Tattva is there. That person can achieve anything. If he wants to get money after waking up in the morning, he will find some knowledge somewhere.  If we get the money to withdraw, we will see if it has to be given, then we will talk about it and we have to keep ourselves awake by updating whoever is in pain, this is the most important and we have caught hold of this with those who have happened to me, now we will learn all this, we will talk about it in a little bit.  I will do this thing is most important so this is the first part which is finished second partition of part pending Karma it's hill's distinctive story will help our colleagues understand why this happened to me because half of the things go to test people idiots  It's like this shouldn't happen to me, hey why are you crying, ask why that night, it takes my life to tell more, the rest I will tell you some things when there is a break, some things are not in the recording  If it is told then we will consider it beautiful. Part pending is not true. Many people do not believe that it is okay that this is karma, this is life. I understood you. Pahwa stones were born and according to the method. Top features were in the same hospital room, same mother, same doctor, something in the horoscope.  It doesn't matter, everything turns out fine, the planet turns out like this, nothing is achieved in 1 minute, how can such a lowly person have a life, then why even after that, one pin's coat is better than the other's. One's job is good, the other's job is not good, okay, one cup is something, why is something different, then whose only reason is that when they were born, they were born with a bank balance, from here, the bank balance is 1954 months old, father, all in school.  Went the same way, wore the same clothes, ate the same food, everything was the same, the toy train was the same, life has changed from everything, the world has gone away and has become a mystery, everybody has adopted the same name, there is no tune in our Vedic astrology.  That is the root made by the western people and has been printed for itself, it seems to be the right time and Vedic Astrological 2% investment please be also worked at itni si ne question nahi hai diya and subject of the future Gondi, it is white and unbreakable.  So listen now, what should I do next? That is the new fruit of both of you, because I was born with the bank balance of my previous life, so someone is carrying the performance of the project. You see how this happens. 3200 you, 3000 you, 3200 you are in a job, you are a human being, your worker is useless, college is useless, he is getting promoted, he is getting fame, he is doing well, your natural, now how to justify it, crore, you will give back arm hole to the boss, ok one  Agreed, the other one is also useless. The whole graduation will be useless. Hey brother, he is carrying some karma, he is doing a joint, that is a different thing, uniting and fool to go towards him.  That is a different matter but one is born with it, remember this, the day this peace will come, on that day you will have a reaction. 52A is that age and Titu, note down, do n't you have to prepare Yogpeeth and sea by going to 42% of old births? Whatever karma you have, it bursts, that too is fine, whether good or bad, and after your husband, you start suffering the life that you have worked on in this birth and what you will do in the future. On the 42nd, you should stay patient longer.  If you get torn then the matter seems to be over, why do you leave a job even for 15 years, you get married, children grow up, only then tell this to someone today, after having a husband, someone gets a gemstone, there is no Pandit anywhere, no astrologer to go to. If this is the need of astrologer astrology, you have to take health in life, please do it 5252 This time pass now, no obscene person will come near there, Jajman has come with money, he will return, so anyone is good  If you go, there will be no use, there will be some benefit, but definitely, there is no need to cover up, I am telling, no need, go away, give your mind a little bit to do something good, alien safety, two year old plus, if you are going, then now to Gurgaon, do something well.  In the external world, click on mine, mark on me, put butter on mine, do this on mine, you go for becoming this best human being, rock band, understanding why not happen with you and how you can  Commit Peace With Just A Few Approaching Astrology For This Is It Is The Wonderful 250 Approaching Astrology To Control Somebody To Control Your Life For You Understand Your Life People Don't Protestors Because That's What's Happening To Me I Have The Strength To Cope Murder Of Two People  To stop it from happening, this is a part of pending karma that you are carrying so much bank balance, I will tell you in a very sweet way.  If you like this, then I don't mind clipping but please write P's comment. I will tell you, you took a loan from the bank and bought a house at the age of 25 years or 30 years. Okay, you took a loan of ₹1 for 15 years.  Your responsibility is good number ₹1000 and every month you used to go Every month when you go this, don't you cry why cry when there is home loan get that you cry quote cry because you know what this  Is Alone You Have Taken To Buy This House Which You After Staying And This Getting Rent And The Properties Appreciative Of Your Decision Start Not Practical Giving You One Ok Meri Kitni Yeh Mike Hai Total And Mera Loan Kab Aan Hoga Unwanted Keep It Should In Default Search This House Also Taken Away From You Will Be Defaulted In Whose Four It's Only That 176 It's Given In 180  Even among your husbands, when we are cut off from our pending flesh in life, then we don't even know which tree we are, we are born with a date, we are born with a subject, if we are born as humans.  And if we don't get salvation, we are born with some, but with all, when will it be fulfilled, will depend on how much of our Mi Katara and Romney people are, this is it, listen, this is my crop near here, stop it, Astrologer Cup Beans You will not find it at home but you are very happy that in the next month I will not decrease brother sir very good Aishwarya and I have a very good Aishwarya and I must say very good and get it done quickly. Your work will be done very soon, but you will not understand this, that's why I did not want to spend much money with my Jupiter, Mother, this is what people know about me, I am passing from here and there, love in help 26 Top and Shutbox You are in a hill station in this life, this is how people become, brother, do something, you tell me, hey, why do you want to run, ask and mix, there will be a fight over my wife, you will leave your girlfriend and go, your father doesn't love me, my boss doesn't love me. I will do this right now after the recording of which I will tell you all the things. Understand that you have the concept of pending karma, you have brought something and when that stone comes to you and hits your car, do not fight with it and see, good things happen to you.  Yes, but it is not possible that you did not cry, in Gujarat people do not seem to be telling yaar day and day, Dashrath Gujarati is going, please tell all the districts where they live in a strong stand against, it would be good if you had taken something, that is mine, it is done.  What will you get, tell me, what if yours is torn, but this is happening in life, you can steal and go away with something or the other, you will go to the police at 50 places, brother, only the police will do the money.  Don't you understand today's mode, that's why people live in sugar candy, those who think that they are the richest people, intelligence is needed to increase the rate, intelligence is very important to become rich, but you need only a few days to become rich. Journey to be, intelligence will work for the rich, this you please vote for this phone, so many rich people, intelligent boys and girls work for them, the mighty ones have come, do all the work for them, that intelligence is for the rich.  After working, Rich has Brijdham of satin, where are you sitting, look at Mukesh Ambani ji, he does not tell him anything, what is happening, wife from medium, very friendly people, people will get processes in place, you send messages, intelligent people do not care about the process, you do the work.  Can you stay on 15 people ok head on and to withdraw some money intelligence is needed highest below intelligence is needed to do something on the internet venus intelligences  Venus people and two products were not goddess, do job to maintain intelligence, do job, look at such a good job, then turn off, a person with guru element will not do the job, if you want to become a guru then comment subscribe.