Hello friends, today's topic is growth in real estate market and it can be directly related to others. In that part, three to four types of people will discuss about it. You see in which category you put it and you will get a lot of benefit by knowing it.  There is a category of people who have come back to their old lovers and who got stuck in the flight. Many of Amrapali's families in Greater Noida read property hanging or those who got the property, like Ansal's 103 person.  It is also being built on Dwarka Express. The people you have invested in this type of project, now we will discuss about these type of people, then there is a type of people who have recently bought any property in their life in the last one year.  Have you bought it two years ago or just now? This is not a success for Joe because he bought the first property in his life. The answer to this is a bicycle. There are many people who are wealthy and have been buying property for many years. Some of them laugh. This question is very good  Do something very good, will do it now, keep buying, were ready to buy earlier too, and you are very mature people, okay, they are of a kind, so it has been seen that those whose hearts are stuck, they are like felt lovers. For them, if I tell the point officer of man, then all women are bad, like if this girl or woman breaks someone's heart in love and goes away, then all those women become bitter from the society, which I will not say is justified.  Because if someone's personal experience has been like this then I would feel like that but the same thing happens in real estate and these are the people, it becomes so much that it is a government that is not going to bring training, nothing good is ever going to happen.  I wish this because if it is an acting thing, if my marriage doesn't work out, then all the sub inspectors will find me doing like this. Okay, let me give you an example like Sonu is loving his wife with famous names and so on.  If you feel like slapping someone, you should not do it like this, everyone will go away heartbroken, okay, I am not supposed to love and you like this, you get such a feeling and the same thing, I am telling you then the state.  It is being seen in the comment section, it is being seen on social media, I will add one more category to that, one is degree and it is of those people who are living in Delhi like milk.  and no parents  Those who want to live and the new generation say that even if they sell, go here, then I am in the category of parents, pick it up and see from the article that this person is sweeping the plaster, see whether it has fallen in the multi-storey or this is a mess, that is a mess because today  On this day, this would be a very important confirmation white which you will not be able to forget, you will get such a narrative in the internet world, all the narratives go on, once you hold the box that this city is bad, then only its bad things are there.  Will start appearing and after that articles will keep coming one after the other and after seeing them, make your criteria. There is a little deeper video, what does the left do at the psychological level, we discuss all those things like if you are very police then it is real.  On the estate because you bought something late this year and a half ago, now you are doing 4 on Dwarka Expressway, the price increases and the goods get sold off because now you have to suffer because of your acting, now you are not able to buy.  could be there for any reason Well, he is stuck there or the property he had taken has been sold and he does not have fresh inflows or the rates have increased, this could be the reason, now that man will remain there, the expressway has been being built on it for so many years, it will not be built now.  No Redmi will be made in future too, there will be no expressway, there is no benefit or there will be no connectivity, they are doing everything from their own side, so the cost sharing is like this and in between, many innocent people got trapped by listening and watching everything forwarded by them.  That they are not able to take a decision, these are the people many of whom have not bought property and are going to buy a fresh one, they are enjoying it, all the scaremongers come, this one will not work, the old one is useless, okay then what to buy, my people fight.  Wait for it to be made and then buy it when it is ready. Nothing is going to run away. Perfect of like. When the man is following the rates, then brother the rates are increasing. Work for a month for a salary of Rs 1 lakh. And the savings are not more than Rs 50,000. The tax of the person earning a salary of lakh rupees is gone, if the remaining is gone then within a year the person who has a setting of Rs 6 lakhs and he sees his price increasing 4 5 6 2 in 2 months 30 2011 rate  No, they are showing all this just like that, there is nothing like that, there are many more subscribers, so it is interactive and you are confused in this, my subscribers are definitely platinum, quite a lot.  Till is clear, so I am subscribing to it. Rates are increasing in this summer month. Ride Point. I told you earlier also, I should forget that it was this but with its increase, people have to see that subscribe, you are not repaying the full loan. And even if you take the full loan, there is a difference of four percent in the property. You understand my point. You have taken all the properties worth one crore on a loan of one crore and if you do not repay the loan for the next two years, then you will get four percent.  If you have to give more percentage, then put it in perspective. If you have to give more than four percent, then see how much weightage should be given to it because the rate is the same, 5 to 10 minutes have passed, now it will increase. Okay, so this is a very important thing, wash it, don't give it and  Decision-making Peek: The thing which is within your target, is not that great or good, some are finding it small, some are finding it expensive, so if you buy then maybe it is better than two.  There were two minors in three years and they will be changed and you will get this on the back side and this one also ready as per your wish, its supply will start coming to you from Google Fit. You want to think that the property market is bad and will get worse in future and something.  The rates will not increase and all this is useless, this additive has to be followed, you will get it, the other relative has to be followed, okay, this is all happiness, I don't know how much it will be, normal life is always in the middle, porn is always hitesh never saw a victim black and one  Why it's always in between, I do n't understand because what is our experience, we make it the same, if it happened with my father, with my uncle, with my relatives, then the people of the same village get trapped and spoil it.  There people's time was limited, rooms were different, regulation was different, typo, construction was different, builder was different, booking was different, Immense Pleasure was different, structure was different from real estate. Now that knowledge is different but that is why I say that it is difficult to explain and understand. I line and if it is easy to say then Jyoti is easy, it is done more normally because like I also tried to explain, how much did you guys understand? Comment section.  Mein Likh Ka Ya Butter Minute Kabhi Line From This Video Is Do Not Make Your Own Experience Is 10 Center Think For Making Decisions It is very easy to say don't but it is like this man says my eyes have  I have seen, my body has felt, my ears have heard, I have my own experience, so how can I make the best decision because it happens that the parental influence is relative cancer, it also comes with so much opposition. What is the answer if everyone is wrong?  This is happening, all the people told you to do this and you go wrong, then you feel that everyone's partnership will not come above you, your two brothers, you also told me that it is okay to take the contra approach in life, it is difficult with this.  Part dark time service you need to take contra entry in life not for 10 to 15 minutes control flame but tuition times have to work in this crowd by going with subscribe then whatever crore gets, that's all you will get ok who is it  Not proven in the sense that something good will happen in the future, it is not necessary but this approach of the chair is not to be fitted with toe transfer but if that control looks good. but the fact is bank vendetta is back and intuition is bad and aapke destroyed so please you should have the courage good contra voucher thought what is the counter posts today in the real estate market if you want to know and understand please type font rasio  NTR don't keep typing what is there in the market at this time which normal people are not doing but maybe it is better to do it ok normal  If people are not even thinking like this, then doing that thing is applicable in today's market, in the market of May 2022, then you write this thing in the comment section, then I will make a video on it further, these are the things, you can see them and this  Just look at the rest of the people, don't start at that level, thank you, thank you.