Hello friends, Uttar Pradesh Real Estate, you are my Noida, Greater Noida and a little bit of Yamuna Expressway, the people of UP have taken displeasure, special, okay, with big khatu honey, I have brought a different perspective for UP for the people of UP. And that  They are residents of here, take interest in the province, have kept it in the country, want from you to invest in Noida, Greater Noida, to my request, watch this video completely, I am doing this to give a different  Bolna Chahta UP The Fourth Coming Don't Subscribe [Music] Subscribe Thank You Something Different Different Subscribe MP3 It's okay for the plum, you have to earn money, you have command of UP, let me tell you the second story with the example I promised that I would with the example  Let me clarify things for you with a small example, then I will tell you about three cities and the rest of the story will be about Varanasi. Vrindavan is probably not among the three cities which will be covered. Tell the story here. Before that I would like to tell Mixi what happens with the information. I am not going to take the name of any giant location. Bigg Boss is not certain things and railways. I am bringing my own project. Answer  In the state and in Madhya Pradesh, this is the result of workout and consultation and here they have subcontractors, they are useful, so they are given some work that they have to put it like this and make every project like this.  2 years, 3 years, 4 years, anything has to be made. Now whatever is made, it is sour instead of normal, some of which are very less, so it has information in it, its eyes are the ones who are in the activity stream. You are many such people, they go, they talk to the locals, they have juice, they have farms, because after talking to the villagers, space is a particular thing which is connected by road, well connected, whereas these 5 kilos of yours are Drishti, these are mine.  If you want it for three years, then everybody is surprised that why is this, what are you doing next? You people are okay, that means you can't, you are okay, so vote for this tourism here and people take this and say that as many as your  Agriculture produces, I will give three times the oil, I was there three years ago, then I take leaves from it, which Salman and the activities contractor of Indian Railways work as Amazon volume minimum contractors.  What we have to do is to connect with that contractor and give him a place and earn more money from him by just working as a middleman. Now if this happens to the villagers too because they may feel cheated had we come to know about it.  If there is blood, then only we know what else is there, then there is no fear, indulged in something else, look at so many minds, well, everybody falls, then what they do is that the zone is a tractor, it has to be checked even later to work, so the things that man  to work Whereas when they go local, they are taken to Zeeland and given a higher rate for the second month and this improvement is given to them, so they do not even protest that they are getting double-triple of the money they were getting for the farm.  They are getting improvement and after doing their program for two-three years, they will go away and whoever is doing farming anywhere, after knowing you, if they leave the earth for 12 years and do not do much on it, then its nutrients and all but means.  If stores are also built, then such a win-win situation will happen on the same day, this situation will not tell you about a Rs 40,000 plot on Yamuna Expressway, you have left, a little teacher private is leaving and the only need of wine is that you are from Delhi-NCR.  I am from Noida and something came out from that side and you pressed the button up like application come back so you are taking Nodi mix it mix for you to buy Kashi  Vishwanath Varanasi is a 15000 year old city, a timeless property, I say, I was there, no child of man will ever stop it, nor has he ever stopped it, there are 250 flights there, check the Varanasi airport, you have an airport there, you will come already not gate key and there.  Who will land in Jewar? If you write the date in the comment section below, whoever gets the airport will get the international ticket, then the tourists will not start coming the next day. No one will land on it by international flight because it will land in Jewar. How many people will come to the industry, there will be a different story, experiment is being done, that is also fine, but in Kandla, you know that there are a lot of cheap votes and messages are sent and so many big tips are coming, so I will go to the account and take it home.  We will have a lot of fun talking about retention because my audience, which is you leaders, also, if you guys attend parties with industrial plots and parties playing games like that, then it is a very good thing for me. It is like a person having Rs 20 crores or God gives him that much power to think and understand, he needs help in thinking and understanding. Middle class people get it through inheritance and were working.  He never earned Rs. 3 crores, but I am telling him for the audience of those people that the story is being used here in Varanasi, Ayodhya and Vrindavan. Here you will have to go physically, I am not taking its name, there is activity of young generation, see a pillar track, read more, tourists in water have been attracting, only hotel is not enough, many people come there.  If you stop yourself then Indore is no alternative to make hostel 0.2 Make something like Take your plot and leave four girls on it Cleaner watch abs for  Those who are subscribing are posting on Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway that you can leave your job, then Kashi is the birthplace of Ram, Vrindavan is the city of Vishwanath, your Krishna ji is from UP, so God is your Prime Minister, who is 6 7 ahead of UP.  There is no Prime Minister and there is a third one, that too is in UP, Prime Minister can be there only then the next area will come from UP, the next one should come to me, do you think the work is there, tell me where is the judgment, Sara will put it when Bigg Boss  I just know that so many tourists are coming to Vrindavan and there is that point when the skin boils, this concept will work very well because you are taking real estate, according to me, you will be trading for thirty, forty, fifty, sixty years.  Do n't do it, bought it today, sold it, big concept to buy for rent decisions, but now you can't tell about these things in Ayodhya, otherwise you will come, Ram Janmabhoomi Temple is running, Ram Ram Temple  I have become big here but I am not earning much money. Of course, I will send the video and tell you that this jug is here, this is the rate, take it from here and make it like this, it cannot be done so individually, right, I told 3 syllabus on YouTube.  There is a place, Adam, there is money, because that is why you people are playing buffalo or not? You have called our UP brother, who is saying UP, I do it, UP is not in the number one state and the day UP is formed, these India's rockets will be launched. I am this  I want to know what is the biggest secret of UP's type, whatever is the base, so that all the labor force is left, the work does not stop for you, in Gurgaon, right now MLA Bhagya Mazdoor is fine, then after that it became the construction sister of NGT, then  It is difficult to hire laborers. If the work stops for ten-fifteen-twenty days, then the sweet house gets printed. The customer will not get the money. The laborer gets Rs. 659 per day. If he works, he gets the money. They are very British.  There is a problem here on the corner, it is a different matter, there is a problem here, so the real estate will increase here, it is difficult to build, in UP, anything is being built on express, so what is this layer of gold, keep saying, I am working from Tamil Nadu. But the people there say that our program will happen because it is in our village, savings are also good, it is fun to live there, it has its own eco system, yoga is also progressing like a rocket, this UC is going to become an express place here. Ujjain to become instructor  Which period is it, it is very very very latest complete, where if you have to bear a lot of liver problems, then come mixing bowl 10 rupees Meerut is mask play Agra album play Lucknow in one place at Varanasi Vrindavan and this is also Ayodhya is another story  And on the other hand, Allahabad 7th 56th coat is pending, you are crazy about me, take lemon but this is in a Listen carefully to the event with the classic example Indian Stock Market has a statement 12.5 Subscribe But if you had bought shares then you would have got the difference in the stock market if the UP Stock Market was appointed in 2012 is open open open expressway highway road these people will come people meaning Want leaves of the moon, will be looted, learn will be fun, but today people of Varanasi, Ayodhya and Vrindavan will never lose, want peace, will go towards spirituality with this bread.  Cloth is the food for the people from the house and subscribe country has to be like country to country and if it is there then man will go after all these things and if he goes after all these things then he will go to these cities and then he would have taken property in these cities.  If you are a timeless property then you will subscribe, my order is Kashi Vishwanath, subscribe, I will not accept that you liked it, that you got angry a little too far, please tell me, it is okay with me and making the beans angry, humiliating someone is never my aim. This thing was meant to give clarity, I had to make it, this is from my pet consultation, it was very big but I had to bring it because it is necessary to remove the resentment of the audience, so I would like you guys to see the things that I am bringing from my pet consultancy. Like Subscribe to the channel Share Stay tuned to Anjani and I will keep bringing lakhs in such ideas Now the way India is moving forward, information time information information Interpretation and information and then edit that if they take their video clippings like a satsang, then if someone is born in life, can you edit but I will make a request, this is the understanding of UP for whom this thing is a glass for them, job or else.  You are a little more as per your choice, then it doesn't matter to you, all the space is yours, it is ok, then a normal person from America or an isolated person from Jind, then you are a victim of the local system in Uttar Pradesh. Jobs in the Biggest  And most promising country then this option is for you please share the video with maximum people thank you