That Hello friends, three-four undercurrent torrent stories of Gurgaon real estate are limiting the stock. If I tell them, I am not able to feel it on the surface right now, I will take them out and tell you the audience. If you like it then definitely like it and share it with the NRI brothers.  There is also an update for this and in general what is going to happen in the coming one month, there will be discussion on it. Inventory Overhand is a term that is existing on the pace of booking of current sales. In how many days will the inventory be exhausted? This is a part of all time low in Gurgaon and the recent launch of a big player on Right Nor Dwarka Expressway which has come at such a rate has not attracted customers to it but the rest of the inventory is getting exhausted.  Because there people value it too much and others start getting hurt by the noise, which results in the players' query about each person touching it, which has been sold 10  There are 15 happy inventory left and these players are increasing their prices, so many people come in the comment section that they feel that the rates have increased so much, how did they increase, money mind-set series 3 is mine.  There is a master video, go and watch it, I will give its link to you guys right now and write to me in the comment section that friend, till now how far has it been taken out, friend has been discovered, everyone has come to know and Now in the market, you will have to watch the video of Pati Two Fifty Percent Tu Mera Man Maa Yan Test Series. You will see the video on Pati Two Fifty Percent, we are in today's day and still 50 to 100 percent of the journey is left. If you watch that video then there will be more fun with it.  Now let's move ahead, definitely due to Ukraine crisis, in the coming days the inflation will be this much and the inflation can even go up to seven, eight, nine, ten percent, this will make a difference of $2 now.  It is touching Rs 727, it may go down to a single file in the coming one year due to which all the number of our NRIs / if today they take 1098 in the plant, then the number of doctors they will have to pay today and when the settlement is done now will be four.  If they learn to pay after a year, then it may make a difference of twenty to twenty-five percent. If you say it in simple language then the money of yours will set the depression with respect to $2. So for the NRI brothers.  Affordability increases. I hope this is the basic economics. You understand inflation. If it is two or three percent in this and in India the cases are seven to eight percent. Information is three percent in this and then you die that is a lot but if our depression is at 5 to 6 cents.  Xavier's Per To Yes So Our Currency 6 Our Page Being A Healthy One Is Considered Basic Economics This Loop Is Very Much In Currency Derivatives 38  They are also effective and BJP regulates Anushka. It is necessary to maintain balance otherwise we will also do imports. Will travel to court. If Rupi is decorated too much then keeping the balance of all that, turmeric is the thing which is considered to be genuine too.  How much is your inflation, how much is my inflation, how much is the difference between the two, if my currency is setting the degree then it is a thing, then all these things have to be playlisted and there is a lot in demand supply side.  The bottle is broken due to which the chips are stuck at some places. The raw material which was being broken was used to come out of defence. It used to come out of semiconductor. You will get to see its spillover left in 8 to 10 minutes. Sadly, crude is also very important inside the real estate.  Bigg Boss cement is made from it, whatever other things are made like extracting iron, there is a requirement of energy in it too, so in the last one year  Thirty percent and the average construction cost is huge, which the builders have given to the department very easily. The inventory lined up now in the coming time, its price differential in the Gurgaon market is very high compared to the existing one and now the example is with Dwarka Expressway.  I want to explain to you people, listen carefully to the fact that those who have taken the Dwarka Expressway for end use will not sell it and those who  Supaul has also been taken for investment. They know that unless the expressway is built and runs smoothly, there is no point in selling it. Now those children can run the expressway in one year or in one and a half years or in two and a quarter years.  The topic of discussion is that those people who have waited for so many years, I will wait for 68 more years, someone will ask about such results that the builder will sell all his inventory and will resell it and if the new launches will be his own then this will happen.  Its price is sure to increase, there will be shortage in the market and as the black top will be there and it will start looking like Bigg Boss on the expressway, its shape will start becoming visible, the dust and dirt will start reducing, its width and breadth will start becoming visible.  If you go then more people will be attracted. If you know today, then left and right in the dust and dirt and they are not enjoying that much, then if solve now, let's go on Saturday Sunday to roast the property.  For example, in this Diwali in six-eight months, when the structure will be visible more clearly, then 300 to 400 people will go there who will want the property, but the buyer will not get the supply. Whatever the supply will come, there will be man and Deendayal inside that Deendayal who is your  There used to be things worth Rs 60-70 lakhs, now they will be worth Rs 80,90-95 lakhs and in Going Forward these used to be called AC 3.  114 80 90 95 Lakhs Previous 15 110 will be charged from a 1521 So that was a rate Na And if the rate is increasing then the rate of Swift will also increase If the rate of Suite is increasing then the rate of Digit will increase If the rate of Desire is increasing then Honda City will increase Honda City is growing, will it grow today, will it grow, will it grow if it keeps growing, because everything has a limit, yes sometimes we have to Many a times you get a differential and when will you return, the rates go up a lot and then they sit down peacefully and then others catch up, then there is an arbitrage opportunity for the smart investor who is our NRI brother.  Very intelligent monitoring what is happening today dollar Shavi Muslim development is important not angry mostly we who are now in India what can we do now we can monitor the doctor that  Brother, if it is around ₹ 70, around 7677 and a half, if it is going like 7869 80 81 82 83, then Lot of Narayan, do you know how many Narayans will get attracted to what they say on this side and that too to enter life.  It will take and supply, you know it is not that much, I have made a few dots and you will be able to connect them. If you like the video then do share it with your friends. I told you the price points and this is a theory, how many offices agree with it, you tell me the real part of investment is in the data and inventory, as long as it is like that and not breads are visible, there is still an empty one inside it.  It does n't seem that what they say is how much will be finished, how soon will it be finished, but who knows how many rotis I have and there is not only flour behind and wheat has gone to be harvested, so what time is there in the supply chain.  It will seem that the rates of Shadhangi Rotis will increase as per the availability. You have to look at it in this way. I hope we will be able to connect all the dots. If you have any queries then please put them in the comment section or you can connect with the WhatsApp number given. Can thank you he emergent