Hello friends, I have brought an interesting topic, Understanding the Psychology of a Dog Keeper. Unique topic, see more. I have said dog keeper, I have not said dog lover, I may be a little troll, people may be like this, disclaimer in advance but let us know this in the society. This is a video, if you keep a dog, then watch it. If someone in your family wants to keep one, then definitely watch it. If a neighbor has kept one, definitely watch it. We have kept all the dogs in the society, which is our challan to keep them.  There is a discussion about it, there are some issues which cause problems to people who do not keep dogs, there are some aspects, the story will be a holistic topic in every way, the topic also does not mean that you should not keep dogs, this is not the meaning of this video, but behind that.  It is important to know the science behind what is going on. It is important to know the wife. When the husband wants to keep a dog or your relationship is taking place in a house where you are getting married where dogs are kept daily, then you should know something. this video  If you want to celebrate this kind of story then I feel very good to bring this kind of content because the content cannot be cut copy paste because it is original too. If this kind of story has to be made then let's talk about it in Indian content. But this thing is applicable outside also, if you look at the pattern, how many thousands of people keep dogs in India, then definitely no ISP has been sensitized on pet pets, but one thing we can say comfortably.  It is true that in western countries they keep more, but a first order thinking of thousands of them would be that yes, they are rich countries, they keep more, now we will talk about other than that, first of all the man wants to keep, the mother of D house wants to keep the woman.  Both of them want to keep the child or the child is suddenly thinking that Papa should keep Mummy, this must have happened to you many times, there is an emotional vacuum behind it, yes, I will also add a little bit of astrology to it, the rest will be fun, yes.  There is a vacuum and there is an emotional vacuum, there is no story, there is a lack of story, which is felt from inside. Keeping a dog does not depend on the dog lover. If you are a dog lover, then there are many street dogs, they are in very bad condition. Consult a veterinary doctor to take them.  They have big organizations, there are cows, go there and do charity, they are not there, do you want your pet, do you have a dog, what kind of German Shepherd do you want, or do you want a Pomeranian type, or which Vodafone type of yours? Its brand name is Bridge, that one is needed, it is an arithmetic dog, it cannot breathe, you keep it in Gurgaon, Delhi, you are committing atrocities, why is this breed of dogs breeding because people want ornaments, it is a vacuum to play with something like this. This dog historically had a lot of functional value. It was very loyal to man. It had functional value. Initially, it was your domestic cattle.  Used to protect it, used to protect it from thieves and used to be a very functional wall. Earlier you used to see the story in the movies, whether the soldier is living in the story or someone is living in the corner or the forest is living in the mountains. You kept a loyal dog, its body was of functional value, but now in the society, if you want a dog even in the carpet area of ​​your house, 800 square feet or 600 square feet, then you should realize why.  If you are retired, what kind of dog do you want to keep? If you need power, what kind of dog should you keep? German Shepherd type, you have the undemanding Doberman, it has a different psychology, the Pomeranian has a different psychology, each one is different, because when a person gets tired of being an officer. Hua comes home and his wife is engaged in Netflix, she is talking to a friend on WhatsApp, she is talking to a relative, the children are in their own world, and as soon as the bell rings, the dog comes and starts licking.  He starts shaking his head and starts moving around. It is a very emotional support if your husband or wife is listening. Husbands are good to the leaves. What I observed from the side, it ranges from neutral to yes, keep going, to no to keep, who will see him?  If he goes for a trip, he is not getting anything from his side. This is also true if he has six children to keep his wife. If you have a single child, you have not given him a small child or the other sister or brother has not come.  And now that child  He has turned 5-6-7 years old and now when he asks for a dog, I am not at all saying that he was asking for it, don't give it, I am saying that give it, do whatever you want, who can believe that, the country is free, it is your choice. Something playing out like date is what I'm trying to tell you people who are looking for something playing out like date and you should know something behind it is what is it in some aspects of dogs  I want to tell you people to understand the setting of the dog story. In this, it is like the big government officials keep one, one of psychological love and one of inner power of love and that too is the same. Yes, we have that dog laugh separately.  If they don't live inside the house then it is okay, they live outside because they have a system, there is a canal made to stay in the winter, there is some system method, it is okay for them and it is such a setting, then you are not torturing the dog, but you are not torturing the dog. keeping him at home with his little one  Yes, you are keeping it in the balcony, you people have to see, the society has to see, you cannot leave a small child like you in the house, you cannot leave him alone in the house, but you leave the dog, people live by staying in the house.  According to Vaastu, it is not at all right, those who keep it at all, come and go, big, I have one good thing about dogs, your dog is yours, you love it, others do n't find it so neat and clean, someone is coming to the house, he is jumping and licking something.  Nothing will remain, nothing will remain, this nothing will remain  I will not stop you if your dog is touching or talking to someone, he is doing this, it is your right to have a dog, it is a right to have a dog, but there is a responsibility with it which people do not fulfill at all in India. In a foreign country, you cannot reduce ill-behavior like this. Malik is less, he has to be disposed of, here in India, in the dark nights, there is silence on the deserted roads, not oppression, but the dogs go out early in the morning to program. By forceful breeding, they are getting exotic dogs to settle their emotional issues. It is becoming a bit strong and people are saying this but they can. Your dog should not come near me if I come to your house.  So you can't say that whatever my clothes are or my body, he has clawed me, tasted me, smelled it, done everything, now he will not do it, maybe a water. Although I am not a dog heater, there are children, they are female, there are people, I am just panic, you are enjoying, so you are fine, right because you are lacking and you are roaming in the society, roaming in the lift, she said something in the lift  I have never programmed anyone with a dog, I am also a real estate owner, you know my content, never give me a house on a car, you few readers of mine, don't give it to me, you have not taken him on a contract and if you take it then the rent will be more than that of a dhaba.  Take You don't know where and what cleaning you will have to do, what do you clean in the bathroom, this is happening on some distracting thing but this is the fact that tenants who keep dogs do so forever, the landlord is keeping them as his own.  The dog will still maintain some height, it has its own house, if you give the flowery feast to someone, then see what will be its condition because it is not a Sahur, the first thing is that it deserves something to keep the dog like others.  In the countries they say, hey, you have given birth to a child, you are worthy of someone, mother, you are someone worthy of becoming someone, they say like this, a human child, a dog is also like a child, today you talk to any veterinary doctor, what are the expenses.  Do you have to go on a story tour for five days? Catch a flight and talk to whom will you leave it to? Will you find a neighbor? Will you find someone? What if you were a very hard-working person? Would you keep him on the list? Would you do cleaning? Would you fix his sprawling fort?  Other people also have the same passion, although I am giving a big money earning idea in myself. I can become entrepreneur Shiv's dog's purse who can keep 5-10 of his boys and run this business. It is a great idea because I am a genuine person.  He is retired but I am asking whether he will be able to handle the responsibility so well. Will you leave him? How much have I seen? Keep people with dogs in the back of your car, then there will be diseases in the car, not hygiene. Vaastu is not right, it is not right, it is not right, on animals, on the environment, staying in close proximity in D, from household S D, mother, earlier, whatever historical village used to be, it was said that if there were no buffalo, then neither can you keep it in your bedroom. Now buffalo has a functional unit utility i.e. I want milk, I have to sell the milk, I have to drink it myself or sell it or I have to do something with its dung, I will plant dung gas, I will clean it like this above.  I will install a fan, this is mine, it will accommodate so many rats, how will it work, will there be such a system, people in the village do animal husbandry, people suddenly keep them on an emotional retirement, and if they do not know how to keep them, then there are no other methods and manners, some people are like this family.  Also, there was a dog lover grandfather, father too, these people too, they still have manners, some of them have been kept in their family for 200 years. Now if I do a little bit of astrology then there will be some element of Ketu, which is fine but on Vim and Francis, I have seen people taking a dog with them, from the story Chhotu is there, then they have to keep it and then they have to take it away. And the man comes with it, there is nothing beyond the power of the man, he does not need the feeling of sycophancy because he is just doing sycophancy, now he needs someone to give him the feeling, to actually lick, to lick literally.  So he is not able to handle it, he does not go to pick it up in the morning, if you have to go to pick up the dog in the morning, just like you know a human being, you are not able to pick it up in the morning till 9-10 o'clock, then where is the program being held? The child asked in his interest.  If mom will do it, dad will do it, women will do it, the new system that is going on nowadays means that they should take care of their house, cook food, prepare children for school, this is a big topic of cement and clipping, you also have dog in the equation.  gave pulse and that  They give pulses because there is an emotional vacuum, now that dog is travelling, your household is travelling, you are travelling, your neighbor is travelling, your society is travelling, so when everyone is travelling, then why enjoy traveling so much?  Hey, you love traveling, traveling is for everyone, he is traveling for everyone in the household, dog it self, traveling is for him, you are such a great dog lover, if there is a general concern, then there is definitely something missing.  No, if you walk on any road in India, meet so many people, take care of so many people, do so with so many people, do n't you keep them in the house, you want a sense of ownership, you want complete constant, you want loyalty, I didn't do this for you.  I feed you, so you are my dog, date feeling is not required, you have become an old lady, do not have a husband, children live far away, but would like a dog for emotional support.  If there are no people during the day, then understand that he is filling their void. If you have 10-12 people in your house, children, a big family, then you should take care of it. You must definitely have a dog because when it is void from inside.  If there is a flower then it will be complete. He is also giving security to the woman. The woman is eight years old, 65 7075 80 years old, lives alone, husband is gone, it is okay and there is an emotional vacuum. Children do not live together. If other vices cannot be fulfilled, then security is dog. When the real programmers come, they also know the drill of what to do with the dog, which is probably one of your security systems, alarm system, CCTV and nowadays the latest systems are kept in this way.  They will reduce that poor dog's no anchor. It has become relevant. If the dog was so relevant then there would have been dogs in front of all the banks and everywhere. Then why do you have to keep all these other things, okay? Dog is something which is a responsible thing to keep, mostly we have not learned it in every setting, you cannot keep it just because you love, it is okay, for it you should have an open area, you should have a plot, your dog has you have an out house.  Type of the dog cannot be in your personal quarters: Your bedroom, drawing room, kitchen and bathroom should not be accessible to the dog, but keeping it in the balcony in any living space would be cruel to it.  No, ca n't run over it, can't go, is lying like this, is barking, then this is for you to introspect whether you want to torture, to eat, you are a dog lover but you are only a dog keeper, you are not a dog lover because IF.  You actually love dog, you want to date dog, you should be in these two settings, which farm house in your village, which farm house you buy, 10 acres, 5 acres, two acres, one acre, half acre, and there  But keep plenty of ferocious dogs, keep all your charms, cross breeding, do this, do that, there is no problem with their cleanliness, hygiene, society, nothing is happening, it's very fine, it is very fine, nobody is getting this think, if you have kept  Absolutely touching, he caught hold of the dog in the neighbor's flat every day. Friend, this dog fell here today, tell him, tell him, tell him, tell him, tell him, tell him, you are not my friend, you are the pet keeper.  So correct your language and note of your stomach, Lover Lover Bill, never search for it, all of them are kept in pots in your room at home in Gmail, all are mine and in that also you must have seen that your child was catted in the lift.  Love dog and you say that your love is dog, you should have kept it carefully, why did you leave the child alone, that is, in the society, a 10-12 year old child cannot even go to the story and even if his father 's commando is standing there, then also the child  If a cat gives you a cat then what should you do? Your dog is not under control. You tell me. In such a society, if someone's dog gets bitten by a cat, what should be the punishment for the owner? She will put a tank on the one who will get 14 bites. How does it feel, how much pain it hurts.  So those who are involved know it, but what will be the fine to the society if he leaves it to the dog ₹ 500 ₹ 1000 ₹ 1500, what will you do with him, if one of your people causes pain to someone's child, then whoever is his father will give him the same amount of pain.  The doctor will try to identify, but if there is any physical attack on your child, then there is a normal understanding that if someone is physically attacking your child, then there is a normal understanding that we do not need to become a lawyer for this.  There are dogs roaming there, so am I carrying a walking stick because the dog did this to her child, so I am one because no one can rock another vice dog, isn't it, a bit like the movies, maybe not the type.  Hey brother, he is a small lion and you know when he gets angry and dogs get angry because of the kind of situation their owners are keeping them in. That frustration is someone else's power being taken out on someone else and it is being taken out and this If the society is becoming a masala, then in my opinion, order will have to be taken and things will have to be kept properly, brother, make a complete society builder where only dog ​​people live, dogs are dogs, that means there are 800 flats and brother-in-law, there are 800 dogs which is a dog walking area.  Ca n't rotate, it is not for dog there, there is some man who is disturbing the flowers, so if it is like this, then Newton, if you have to do it, then tomorrow there will be some other kind of news, boys and girls are doing lovemaking while sitting in the park, so what do you care about it?  You must be in trouble, you tell me no, no, who are your small children, the elder children, whom are you watching? I am doing this lover's work, but who is this dog keeper in the circle of dog lovers, who deals with his emotional vacuum. Look at them, no one is paying respect to anyone. Emotional vacuum is being created. This can be rectified by dealing human to human. It is not necessary to keep dogs. If that much money is spent on a human's child then it is spent on dogs in a big society.  If this is done then a person's child will be brought up well, he will also give loyalty to you, he will become something to you, he will do less good for the society because dogs are being forcefully bred, this nature is not being born naturally because  If you keep those who are born naturally then in the same way, there are so many pallu roaming outside in the market, on the road, do they date someone, butter think from this I think, many people say that they have passed away, otherwise from where are they keeping this sweet dog?  There has to be a natural habitat, no one is giving it to them, there is a program going on, it is fine for them, so complete it with that, if you have a genuine concern, a very genuine concern, then do a lot of Google on big lions.  There is a dog who takes great care of them. Some dog got hurt, something happened to someone, which you should not do because actually you are not a dog lover, you are actually a vacuum and you are filing the vacuum for someone who does not have a vacuum in his life.  After reading his news, I hope that this message will send a bigger message. How much do you people agree with this thing? How much do you agree with this thing? You felt big, you felt that you have to troll, whatever you have to do, you must do it.  Write that bring out your inner because in society some body has you comment talk from de point of de ideal also because dog along with story na kahani a richness is also associated with one's dogs who have some sort of richness in this associated society.  Of associated some sort of in actual price is also associated some sort of power is associated some sort of sophistication I am demolishing all this associated things. There is no hygiene, there is no such sophistication in your homes, there is nothing worth keeping inside the house, if you are so rich then show it outside and there is no news of anyone, you like it very much. Buy a plot of 500 yards, buy a farm house in your village, keep the buffaloes that you own, keep the dogs, keep the cats too, keep all the animals except those who agreed but keep them in a proper place, keep them properly.  If you are sleeping with me on the bed, then not everyone can say something about you and how will you say it? In foreign countries, they keep us in foreign countries, we keep doing a lot of things in them, but there is a lot of emotional vacuum in astrology, even Ketu is there in astrology, if those who know me I am a student, I want to learn Astrology very well, there are remedies for this too, there is reasoning for this too, it is visible in the chart that this will happen and there are different paths for it, so whoever wants to learn and understand, can also get platinum membership.  I can take it, I can learn from the aspect of astrology, I am not very comfortable on the normal platform, relief because you know people, less and lot of comments, so according to that, I don't want my two good things, if you talk about astrology then you will understand.  You will not understand that there are energies behind all this, there is a vacuum and I am telling them that they can go to India in the match butter way because even if you keep a dog, that too is still not satisfaction.  It is saying that it is a means, not an end, it means where you want you to be rich, it is a destination which is saying to you that through it you will reach here, you will get it, I am telling you with great responsibility that I am committed to this thing. And it has a complex arrangement, it does not reach you there, right on this note, natural people, no country, you cup dogs in congested densely area, no langar de dog, it is having and functional.  Issues in most of D Titli Congested in D Country What do you guys say? Please write in the comment area. Thank you.