Hello friends, today we will understand the definition of Greedy. If someone calls you Giridih or you call someone Giridih, then watch this video before understanding it because due to the mismatch that is happening in our brain, our happiness is affected, productivity is affected, growth is affected.  I had told this definition last time, that appreciated video of Selfish. If you have not heard the one about Selfish, then definitely listen to it. Today we are from Giridih.  You will understand Giridih in Hindi we say greedy normally whenever it comes to greed then money is associated. If you run after money but by spending your hard work and time then you are not greedy, you are aspirational. Now with Giridih.  There is a word aspirational if you want to work hard, if you want to pass time, stay away from toxic people, sex people, stupid people, time waste, energy literate people and do something.  If you want to add to your life and take it forward by monetizing it by adding value, want to achieve something for your family, for your wife, for your children, then all these people will call you greedy but you are not greedy because you want something from them.  Giridih is not taking it, he should keep an eye on other's money, who should keep an eye on things where he has no talent, corruption will also come in it, those who do corruption because you want a great video on corruption. I have understood very well the phenomenon of corruption in India. Please do write your want video on corruption in the comment section. You will get a lot of clarity in that too, but keep an eye on the time of others. Keep an eye on the distribution of property so that I get more.  Do life like this, manipulate your parents or manipulate someone else, you get something in the office or somewhere, climb on someone else's shoulder, whether it is Giridih, your  By melting your body, by rubbing your body, by moving your mind, by utilizing your time, by keeping the focus of your time and energy, if you are moving ahead in life, if you want money, position, value, things, then you are not greedy, this is the term.  When we got independence in 506, this was told so that all these things were understood because the natives were poor, do anything, nothing was to happen, so it was said that brother. Don't be greedy, going after money means going after money was greed, so if you are a teacher then give free education, if you are a doctor then give free treatment because the country itself was poor, it was expected from anyone.  Don't ask for money, everything should be done for free, if the government also gives everything for free, then that was the system, but now you have five trillion dollars, then you have to go to seven trillion dollars, if you want to achieve 89% GDP growth, then brother.  We will have to move because only those countries which have moved forward will move forward and do not associate it with Giridih because when there is poverty, there is more Giridih, wherever there is prosperity, the Grid will be reduced because there is prosperity in all the economies which are of Rs 2200 whereas there is 4000 Giridih.  But if it goes, the grid will be less. When does the grid become less? When you have the ability to earn money yourself, then you do not need to have a grid. I will also link corruption. Why does it appear in corruption videos? Grid means the wrong feeling, greed, if I get something for which I do n't have to work hard, either I don't know how to work hard or I don't want to do it, there are two things or I don't know what to do, then now I can become Giridih.  Somehow we get it, we get it, like earlier I was dependent on dowry, I used to think that girls are thinking of each other, boys are thinking of two brothers, some system is found and then something comes later, some worthless children are born who become greedy that the husband and father give away their life. give and live  If you are not giving then brother, when will the program happen? All these things are red corpses, expecting something before time without doing hard work is great, this should not be done but giving importance to money, how to turn on money, how to invest, thinking about money, money.  Speaking about This is not a grid Wanting money is also not a grid Wanting luxuries in your life Putting your children in a good school This desire itself is not great This distinction is when you  We will do it because today 's new generation is aspirational, the old generation which has the old syllabus can easily say to the new generation that we are greedy that we are not Giridih, you people have become very greedy, what will you be greedy for, we are not asking anything from you.  If you are not seeing anything then it is not Giridih. Your hard work, your time, your value addition. Can't fall under the huge debt word. Greedy is very easy in the world. Next time when you are saying this word to someone then take a filter to see if this husband is greedy, is he dependent on other people or is he expecting something from others or does he pick up his shop in the morning?  The shutters go up at 7:00 pm and go down at 10:00 pm, hey, he is reducing the hours by 15 hours. If you want hair then it is nothing to you, for whom is your body sitting in the shop, in the same way someone is busy with work, someone is busy with work.  reducing Is anyone doing any consultation, is anyone doing anything in your life, then stop extorting people because only when you stop, you will be able to reach somewhere in life, it is very easy, you are greedy, because if you are a middle class person then you will be able to reach somewhere in life.  You will see the average middle class and what you see on social media, listen carefully, all the businessmen are Lal ji, big names run after the belt, all of them are film stars.  Bade Lal ji  They have nothing to do with anything in the society, they are busy in making pictures, they have nothing to do with being cricketers, they are also greedy, meaning the one who is doing something good in life is not according to everyone's definition of greedy.  It is coming in the wrong definition, Boycott this, Boycott this, Record this, If nothing is happening in your life, then boycott everyone's everything because this is greed. Not seeing others doing well is also a grade in itself.  Making someone good and demeaning others is also a grade, this is destroying a system without any facts and logic, spoiling it, personalizing things, making things specially personal, I would rather say system, then you can do it in democracy, okay then personalize.  Doing that is also a good thing, enjoying someone's sorrow is also a grade, keeping your man happy without any wrong feeling is also a poor thing, so here we do not have to be selfish and the person who felt silent.  What has happened is that he is happy in his life, he works less, wakes up in the morning, sleeps at night, now he will call it Giridih, he is also a farmer, he is working less than 16 hours, 14 hours, he is Giridih, he wants more crops, he prepares the land very well, very  The crop grows well, it gives water very well, Giridih does it till night, we do not speak because we know its condition is less, but this is less, if someone is doing it in software, the same is being done in some other field.  Is anyone practicing in cricket or is someone engaged in film making or is in the glamor world or in anything else or is there even a politician whom we can call greedy for power?  If I become MLA, if I become MP and if MLA becomes MP, then we come together for the greed of power, we come to rally, get pushed, get into the dust, shake the hands of the people, say Namaste, happiness and sorrow.  I go, everyone goes, they are working hard, how is Giridih, everyone is Giridih, whoever is going to say this, Giridih people, you see this, Giridih, that is Grid and in action, it is a big support, I will end the video after watching this. Wherever there is a lot of activity, where hard work is being done and sweat is coming out, there is no grid. The grid always goes to those who are sitting on the bed or doing so in the cold and who cannot go anywhere or do anything. Remember, there is no grade for a man who is employed, there is no grade for a man too, okay friend, there is no job, where it is like there is no job, there is no job and you cannot do anything, then you look left and right, then you do this.  You see, friend, is he a brother or a sister or does he look like a sister, is he a brother or one of the siblings? He is doing very well, I am fine, for some reason he is not doing well, so now he is my parents' helper.  If I get something more, it's called a grid.  But also with whom did I link with these actions, so check in life who among these are active, you yourself are inactive because when Grid is being called, then who is being called Giridih, check if someone is calling you Giridih. And you quietly do your bit, otherwise you have nothing to do with it, that means you don't care, it doesn't matter to you, not to do good to someone in life, this desire is also a greed because he has moved ahead in life, if you stay here then you  There is a sense of deprivation in the sense that if this person has moved ahead then he has moved ahead. Many people think that this was here and you have come here. Both the seasons are relative. It is like this is okay so these people do not want to happen so that is why they say this.  Let's give you the greedy question why are you going? Something like there are two friends, one of them wants to work very hard and get Rs 9500. Do we call him greedy? If the number is brought by Vidyalana then it is not greed, there is no grid but he is Vidya and  Bringing numbers is the whole story of adding value, doing good to society for free, doing good to the society, for what purpose is it going forward? So brother, even the number which is less is that the child has been studying for 12 hours today.  Reads that he also wants red, then with this definition because he is looking for a future of his own, good, the future is good, in the good future, money without money, money has wandered around in sorrow, where money has come, seconds have been connected for a long time.  order  But everyone has reached there and they don't take it with them. They enjoy it. You all enjoy it. You enjoyed it. In this kind of video, just imagine, write 'enjoyment' and I will definitely make one on corruption too to captivate people.  Will try thank you