Hello friends, this is going to be an interesting topic, watch till the end and share it with friends, we will discuss the difference between rich and wealthy, because many people want to become rich, and wealthy and wealthy are considered the same, their difference is, if you understand then  Maybe you will go towards building Vikas. The mission of this channel is to take people towards happiness and to take them towards being Willy. If you have seen the old movie 6 etc. that it was more visible in the sixties only, then do Amitabh later.  Bachchan's Khuli Sholay and all this kind of thing had come, then in the movie Sixteen you must have seen that there was a big bungalow and the man in it looked wealthy and grew up in it and his wife was a daughter whom a poor hero loved.  There was a staircase going from inside his house and he used to stand at the top on Bada Achcha Sahu and would say some dialogues, she used to stand at the bottom and there was a terrible thing, that poor hero used to come and go to that Chanakya, I never understood that he was a poor hero.  own Learn to make friends because when it is hot like a pan, it starts playing with you comfortably. In the window of my heart, I was looking at the whole party with such anger. So, Subscribe to relate to everything.  She seemed to be the definition of this man. What is the definition? Now let's talk about if you are employed, you are in a top position, you are okay, you have a good salary, you have a car worth four crores and your children go to school.  The rich are working, neither can they reach the level of rich by doing a job, there is no growth and the biggest difference is that the wealthy have less or no tension and the rich always have the tension of being rich.  If you lose your job, if you do n't get bonus, if you don't achieve your target, then no, then the stress factor is very bad. There will be a little bit of disappointment for growth, people will grow, a person, a family, a person, a generation, it is not only this, it is becoming.  The biggest difference from seeing you in growth is if you want to sleep, you can sleep when you feel sleepy, now it's early, okay, now many people will say, no, I am retired, I don't need money, I am a Valery, online test.  The statement is that you should not force him to talk, it means that after this happens and even after coming, you can refuse people, you want to meet only the person with whom you want to meet, even if you are forced to meet, if you do not want, then you request the person whom you want to meet.  working together  You want to do what you want, when you want, to do as much as you want. You are in a hurry. If your life is under your control, you are in control of your life. When will you wake up, where will you go, how much will you work, how will you do with it, then you have given the bill to someone else who is rich.  If we can control it, then this is the biggest because in India the definition will change according to the city, so the one in Mumbai will be rich and the one in Delhi will be rich and the one in Karnal, Hisar will be the rich in Moradabad, Muzaffarnagar will be in Bahraich.  There will be a difference in the definition of ritual, okay, people call it influence and in some small areas, becoming a Bahubali, becoming influential, becoming a nuisance, how to set a lock on that too, that is not my audience, so I will not pattern them, I am my urban Arvind Arvind, okay what else? Kasoor positive nature is my area, I am talking according to the audience of Delhi NCR that to become a welder you have to edit. Investments and income will be generated from them, then you will also go towards the person. When you do n't get anything done, you will be worried, what will happen to me, jewelery also makes a difference. Once something is worn, it is reflected in the wealth but there is no tension for the rich.  There is tension because the development is such that the monthly salary was Rs 5 to 7 lakh, the wife was working, the children were going to expensive schools, if suddenly the job is lost, the backup is not that passive.  Income is not that much, so many of us, many of you are without trees Opposite Introduction Research and Wealth is here, so you people are on this dharna, my audience is fine, it is middle class, chlormint class, upper middle classes, on the journey, so now you are on the side of expenditure.  I am going to tell you what happened but I want to say this in depth video and what is the purpose of this that you can bypass this stage and go towards that you will have to take the help of your parents if you  If the parents are not poor, then it is okay, they have acid. By restructuring that acid and typing a reminder, a generation will can be created by doing good to the parents, like he is also a lion, advocate, what is its meaning and I am doing it right.  I wo n't even be able to speak but I am happy about it, your tone is telling that you don't have any wealth, before that there was a line that the style of those who are from rich families is soft, soft, your tone is telling that you are not wrong, no, no.  If the eyes are there, Raees is made, this new money comes, when the First International comes, they get echoed, then Rich Wealthy, the one given really well, there will be no arrogance there, the culture of Lucknow will come where that culture is not there, nor that gallery. Happy new rich, because make a difference, I am the one who will be the real wealth na nuvve comes with the time, so if you who have good fortune, who have reported, who have earned the ribbon, okay please comment section.  It is okay to write in, Those who have already become rich, please do not think about becoming a wealthy, do not confuse these two things, your own tension, your tension, are you running after consumables, car, car, car, car, car, car, worn this, took that pen there, took a photo here, 40  If you are relaxed and look like this and you go extra flat like look, there are cricketers, okay then there are smart cricketers and they can make their reports quickly. How much money are they getting in IPL, they should know that this program party will not continue, if they ever get thanked then do not buy it as safe sex, till now CSK people have something going on, so the party does not last forever, if it continues for 10-15 years, then in that Those who have written their 'Tu Pata Kaun Cricket Hai', have a stake in their properties, restaurants, businesses, different things, companies will do all the Dual SIM thing, awards for the cricketers, who also tow the money, get bigger, get less. After that, the same people do good. How many stories have we heard in the opposition that someone who did very good got 1020 lands but after that no good also happened, some debt to send in this Vikram is rich but he is never welcome, wealthy and rich is the essence of a stage.  Recognized was closed and that way he did not utilize the money well pure voice topic idea just want to bring you want to tell people were difference basically that I will be telling more  Topics in this dipper, I am doing something special for platinum members, if you want to become platinum members then you can wear it by joining, but I will keep bringing all such topics, this money mindset series will also keep coming to me, follow the children in colleges. Tell me all the things, everything is straight, you get a job and have power, just somehow the boy gets this job and the girl gets married, there is even more meaning in it, parents are in a state of confusion, okay?  So please understand this thing that there is a difference, we have to go towards jewellery, we have reach, it is transport fee and this means that even without becoming rich, jewelery can be made slowly and gradually over period of time, a family can be created, resume and more.  Individual Thing You Can Be Rich Source of all the brother and sister and I too are parents not rich but you alone are sitting in the recipe because of someone  Activity and I step and do anything in your life, because of this research, a man falls down completely, then hold on to the family, hold on to your brothers and sisters, move towards your end enriched, who also launch the next G question, not only, but start with the children.  Unfortunately, what I see in my consultations is that many people have a short-term view. No one thinks that we are over a period of time.  Whatever are your views on Vid, how much have you understood on this topic, how much have you not understood, please write in the comment section and share with people. Thank you.