Hello friends, corruption in India, let's discuss the topic of corruption in our country. I will bring a wrong perspective. If you must have seen the videos of the channel, then somewhere or the other they take you towards happiness, peace and growth. Keeping that in mind, the same perspective is here in a different way.  In this way, I will encourage you all to stay connected, it will be an effort to have fun and how can we reduce this thing, corruption is written in the Constitution of India, what can we do?  Okay, tell me what all the things will be done. Okay, so let us discuss corruption. There are two types of corruption. One type is that where the road was being built directly from the citizens, Rs. 100 crores were to be invested there, Rs. 50 crores were to be spent.  It was believed that medicines and hospitals were built worth crores. That is institutionalized corruption, which means that the money was not taken from you directly, but indirectly, the tax which was due, some thing was being made, money was taken from it.  Gaya, these are two types of corruption. Have you understood that one is institutionalized and one is direct corruption in India? First of all, till date neither the government has been able to give any statistics nor in any other way, now citizens also do corruption in this, you know.  Yes, that is also a corruption, okay, but I want to give you a different perspective of corruption, as much as we talk about corruption in India today, 2023 is about to come.  There is no corruption so much as crying and why crying, I will address it and I will tell you how this corruption can be reduced and why this crying can be reduced, okay here when money is taken to reduce something.  There are people in it, those who withhold, those who give happily, there are those who give happily, there are those who believe in convenience fee, why don't they jump, okay, there are many people in our India who say like this, Dharam Bhai Saheb, while sitting at home.  Went  The license had read that people who give their file are getting reduced in 21 days but you say that I have a flight, I have to go there, I have to do this, I want less in 15 days, there is also exchange of money, so many times you have to  It has to be seen that in corruption, the person asking for money is also a culprit as well as the person giving money, because if the person giving money is being punished, then all the mechanisms are in place in the government to complain, numbers are written in all the offices to call. Get caught rate handed, do it like this, it's all a system, but now when you tell people or talk or discuss, do it like this, I don't want to put it in the question, but no one wants to put it in the red, everyone wants to cry, go to Twitter, go to Facebook.  Go on YouTube, in newspapers, on social media and say that I do n't want to do much myself, I don't want to do anything myself, Superman will come with any gift, only man will come, Messiah will come, like in the movies it is shown that it has become very corrupt and now I have come to change the system and such atrocities will happen.  This is not going to happen, second thing is one aspect and I tell you that when corruption is happening, we do not stop it from ourselves. If your relative is corrupt, you do not end your relationship with him. If your friend is corrupt, you do not end that relationship with him.  Always because what is the problem in corruption, why is there pain, why is there fun, why is there pain, it is not that every day someone or the other is taking money to you or every day you have to pass maps, get a driving license every day, every day you have to get some connection with the government.  of that  Are you making rounds or are extorting money from you every day? It is not that you do not have that much corruption in India but not that much but why does it hurt because when you see that you are qualified, you are earning a salary of Rs. 1.5 lakh and the society  The one who is sitting on a post of Rs 30-40-50-60 thousand in a government job is roaming around in his big car, taking plot after plot, you can see that he is sitting on a lucrative post somewhere and taking it like this. And that person is caressing and you have no choice but to get jealous after seeing him. What happens if this relative could be your brother, could be your sister, could be brother- in-law, could be brother-in-law, could be any close relative.  And it can also happen that he is your brother or your wife's brother, anyone coming and giving gifts, giving iPhone to your children is fine and you look at him and thank you and this is the biggest doubt which is called hypocrisy.  Hypocrisy of the highest order: If we get someone to do it then either you are not doing it or someone else is doing it, now according to me, his so called is falling in the house but according to you so cold, his progress is not visible.  This is the jealousy factor because in India, what do even the people doing it, brother, even the people doing it talk too much, there are many such people who will do corruption of Rs 10 lakhs and they will be paid Rs 50 lakhs there too.  You have to take pride, it is also like this, you go to a wedding, you can see the extreme extent of corruption there, you know that this person is a group C, this group is also a group, you know everyone's tankhaye, you know the rough idea of ​​everyone, do you know what is the status and where is it coming from?  Why is he being appreciated? Why are you marrying your son or daughter at such a place? I am telling you by taking an example. I am not of the opinion that I have heard all this from my actions, so I have to say, okay, but.  I am not saying that what I am saying in the name of these posts is only corrupt or it is only these people who are corrupt, okay, so I am taking a disclaimer first, before anyone's personal reputation gets tainted, brother, action is the daughter of action.  By doing action, here in Haryana, people are not telling a little joke, but there is no voice, what is it, what is it, what is it, action executive engineer, what is that, when our people ask or SDO, something happens, it is big, it is small.  What happens is that I am telling you as an example, okay, we are full, okay, this much will happen, this much will happen in this much, and this much will be received in this much, father who is and he does not have moralistic standard, by troubling people, he has no morality to extract money from the next one.  Is there any video of someone getting beaten up? What is the problem, then tomorrow when they harass your child too, their standards of morality will be nothing, remember this, I don't want to take names now and the departments are such where Among the children today people shy away from getting married. Which department is it? You can check it by writing in the comment section. I don't take names. How do you approach me because he is so openly domineering and openly accepts people from him too? They do the same to his daughters especially.  People shy away from getting married. If we get too dangerous then we will cry and if we are not getting the chance and we do n't even want to do it, then do whatever he is doing, do it with him or not, cut the connection with him and if the society cuts it, then on your sentry.  I have seen many corrupt people, they will come to the village and give away people in relation to their relatives, give away without interest, popular uncle, popular uncle or popular maternal uncle, they become popular uncle and they all know how brother comes from this and brother.  Yes, he gives ours, he gives it there because he has to adjust his money, he also says that you keep it, I will take it from you later because he has it with himself, this system is running in India when you are keeping his money.  If yes, then you are also brother, I belong to this, corruption is a good thing, a bad thing, this thing, that thing, what does everyone have to say with their mouth, everyone knows in the public platform that we condemn the bad thing, everyone is lying inside when the police  Someone stops you and comes to exchange ₹ 5000 and then you tell him, brother, take ₹ 200, then if he takes ₹ 200, take as an example, then you  So God should show you a very ideal superman heroine, you have saved 4800, you have saved 4800, you had to pay 5, so you friends, this is a very good thing, it is available for ₹ 200, so be clear in your mind, you should offer ₹ 200.  Don't say that there is a problem of Rs 5000 like you, if the government is so against then stop manufacturing them and not just make polythene. Brother, if you stop doing it then it will automatically stop, haven't you heard about the Swadeshi movement of Mahatma Gandhi or it is meant to be read in a book, not meant to be internalized, when all the clothes are there and then she said, she will not wear the clothes of the British, that is their story.  Don't tell them to close theirs there, you are also a vote bank, in democracy the thing is done by explaining that brother, don't do it, it is bad for the environment, it is bad for the next generation, it is bad for you, it is bad for the country, please don't do it.  Do n't threaten, there is neither China nor India vote bank here and don't threaten. Now if the government does this then China will not be formed and if China is taken every day then democracy has its own system. Crying has its place but about corruption. Murali, everyone is corrupt, we are fine, we are ethically corrupt, normal citizens are talking about paying their taxes, every person in India knows what is this India approach, every person in India knows what kind.  Like Amitabh Bachchan and Shashi Kapoor come inside that wall picture to catch me, brother, you will sign first by taking his sign, I will become A99 by taking his, first you improve 99 because all are bad in foreign countries.  Indians want to live in foreign countries because when they see 99 people living clean and well mannered then they say that there is no corruption in the rest of the country and they should go out of the country because there is corruption in India.  I want to become a hundred man and I am not ready to become the first in India. Do n't know the power of van. Don't know the power of van. Brother, we will have to stop each and every man. You have seen in the ad that a man has a code to fly and do racing.  If one person can infect the whole country, then this corruption is also the same. Fix him first. The closest government employees are the ones who are corrupt. They also do the closest thing. The system itself is bad. Brother, brother, the system is bad.  it  So the system is like this because if we don't take it then Bhai Saheb someone else will take it, now Bhai Saheb someone else will take it then Bhai Saheb then we will also take it or is it that Bhai Saheb if someone else takes it then it is inefficient, at least time efficient.  If we take less then we can do it. People have created something of their own. Here India has created a gateway for corruption and not for corruption. It has created a system like this in many places. If you are efficient or you are honest then you  Something cannot be efficient when all the people who are involved in corruption are not seen as shy, they look into the eyes and say to themselves, 'Sir, it is worth so much, we have already taken a plot there.' Lia, why are you telling me friend, my request is that brother, you have set fire to the people doing corruption, you make money like that in Rakhi Air Country, that is definitely corruption, you have to listen to AK stories, you rest.  Why don't you do yours quietly, I do n't think that in the rest of the country, where there is corruption, then in the marriage, the boss shows his corruption by calling or in your face or he lives more than the system or in the future it will be less.  Look, the good news is that the transaction is down and many times it is said that technology and system itself ends corruption, like earlier there was a lines man, the telephone person will break, the bill will be higher, sometimes this and that will happen.  money belongs to him  There used to be something, this mobile phone came, it ended on its own, that corruption will end only, so did this mobile phone come to end the corruption? No, this is according to the normal nature of the normal technology that works.  It came from India, so according to the same technology, other things are coming, gradually this corruption seems to be ending in many places, getting a license, getting a passport, Aadhaar card, it is becoming quite SIM less, filing of returns is so much. Slowly and gradually this corruption is decreasing in India, but now ca n't the jealousy of people end so soon because the inner face of those who have eaten and drank is visible, there is nothing even at the officer level in the government. No, what level is he much below the officer and what else would he say in Puri Chaud and the officer who is honest will also feel chilly, now he will say man, seeing this means just imagine, your C and D level employees are there to meet you somewhere.  It is okay to come in a Fortuner and I don't know the name of the car, I don't know in whose name it is registered, you will be jealous from inside, you roam around in your desire, it is okay with difficulty, I mean, you have not even reached politics, you are okay and he is sitting with that.  If there is then it is in corruption but due to the jealousy factor in corruption it is more visible and this is also a factor and it is also decreasing. If good times come and everything goes well then it will reduce significantly in the next 5 years.  But look at our hypocrisy in this, stop marrying the children of corrupt people, you will automatically start getting better, your boys will jump from mine to mine, brother, brother, brother, brother, my boys.  Do it with my son, marry your daughter or marry my daughter, good boy, he has got it, hey, he is very good, very good by doing this, very good, he is in the department, he is in the government, good, very good brother, I  I want to tell you one thing very quietly, whatever information is there about the bad condition of government jobs in the coming time, the bad condition of this cream will end and the people who have the habit of eating money will die and those who are sneaking in.  Na give the exam right now brother like crazy we will get something to eat, the one who is giving the exam today is not going to get it brother he should not give his own if he is giving it for the hope that I will get something and I will not get anything for my  Give him my color like uncle, give him my color like uncle, chakka chakka life, four plots here, three shops here, uncle took that, took the land, brother, brother, he became big in the government, brother, not this.  Brother-to-be, yours will not go any further, now it has started getting tight, the system is getting better, my country is improving, our country is improving and there are many people involved in improving it. Chilli has to be kept because when we come to know, we all will be corrupt. Actually it is something like it means that someone made everyone drink and no one considered tea as an intoxicant. Okay, many of you who do not consider tea as an intoxicant must be mine.  Audience, stop for three days and watch, on the very first day itself, Udta Punjab will start becoming Udta Punjab by the evening. Had you seen the movie Chittiyan Chitthi, you can leave it for one day till evening, yours will start becoming Udta Punjab by evening, within 3 days. You will not understand and this is when you give up tea, who wants tea as an intoxicant, but if you give it up, your head will start bursting, I can do it, I am giving you an example when this 60 year old retires, his brother-in-law says, I am okay, the relationship will break, if we break it then there should be no problem in breaking the relationship, no matter what complaint will you make, what complaint will you make to the police, what will you complain about, that I have adjusted so much for so many years. And then this brother cheated me, he can't do it, so this is what happens to him, this is what happens to him, to whom did he give the money, to whom did he eat, to whom did he give it, it was all ours and yours, our accounts are settled. Now I don't know what happened to them, brother, I don't know. Thank you brother, this happens a lot with them, it is not that the story plays out very well, okay brother, I don't know which of the previous births brought them so much.  but that's theirs  If you look at the story in the next 10-15 years, you will get some program or the other, okay then don't chidommat this hero, it's a simple thing like corruption, it is happening to you, if you don't want it to happen then complain about it, stand up that file for your four days.  If not I, then you will pass in 10 days, if not in one round, then you will pass in two rounds. Okay, go there, which Munna Bhai is that scene like MBBS, start taking off your clothes, he will give you the man off on his own.  Become the owner of the phone and what happens, its behavior is such that one does not do anything with it. I have seen it myself. I have seen in some cases, many a times, like my army brother, I do not keep the phone. Anyway, I have respect for them and patriotism.  Loyalty is visible, it is visible, he goes and gives less, gives directly, silently pays their taxes, then you can become that which is also straightforward, less is less, he is directly taking less money, then you can create a ruckus brother and  less is wrong Then what is the point of crying in it, it is right or wrong, thirdly, it is not less, no one can take money from you, you have to give a small amount of money, you have to give good facilities, you have to be troubled, you don't have to be inside the body and it has to come out from the root, then brother.  You will have to do some exercise, you will have to give pain to your body, the disease will not be cured by sitting like this and if you are trying not to get it, then you will have to curse the disease again. Don't cry. I can't get up, I will not walk.  neither am I war  I will not give up food, I will not give up alcohol, nor will I give up serious, and my health will get better on its own, I will keep crying, it does not happen like this, take a little trouble, respect those who do corruption, do not dare even from within, do not do it even through mouth, and speak.  Friend, I want you, hey, what happened, look, I brought this for you, it feels good, no such corrupt person can bring an iPhone for you, which is the nice new one, which one is trending these days, I don't know right.  Which number is working for you brother, what will you do for you, otherwise you are taking it from Kamal's. If I will not sit in the car, I will not call him, I will not eat, I will not drink, okay, now we do a lot of things in consumables, we make do with ourselves.  They drink expensive liquor because after consuming it, somehow they remain in a lot of guilt, their health gets spoiled and I have direct experience because Guru ji comes by reducing everything, I do the program in Kundli today only, but what?  I should do it, the system is like this, and the system is not like this, my brother, it is your personal choice, it is a personal choice, don't do it, I notice it is difficult, you don't have a right, many children of corrupt people go to foreign countries.  They don't come back, their next soil is this body is soil, I will say on this, it will be very good for many people but still have to say, lucky people this body is born from soil and also grows.  Isn't it right that you should merge into this soil after all the debt, that soil which is your children is your soil, that means that soil will not be found here, you have thrown the soil out because you have created so much mess in the country due to the corruption that the officials do. Many times people say that these things are old knowledge, this is the soil of our country with which when there is too much betrayal and wrongdoing, then this soil will be thrown away and your next generation will not get it, the villain will end very deep from here.  given to talk People will remain silent even if the soil itself rejects them so they don't take it like this, no one is aware of who is going and how, no one is being caught but then they return to the same place and are left alone. This is the story of this.  It also plays out and it is a matter of great pain. If perhaps they also come to know about the programs they are doing, perhaps they should stop doing this too, because there is no end, there is no end, this is like forever.  D story so de think in it everything is good with her  What is happening is that she is settled in a foreign country, is n't she settled in a foreign country, she has become drunk, Kundli [music] is bad, okay, this is what I remember, it means this is standard Haryana Roadways, look at this, whoever wrote the video till here has written Haryana Roadways.  If you give it, I will remember it by name. Subscribe those who watch till this far or I will finish after this. Okay, we will take peanuts in Haryana Roadways like we get mungfaliyan in winter. We have to travel late from Chandigarh to Karnal.  If you are coming from Karnal to Delhi or anywhere else, then you will take peanuts, eat the peanuts and throw away the peels, and will give a damn to the government and corruption. Do not connect your peanut shells with them anywhere so as not to spread filth. This is Haryana. I often talk about Roadways Peanut Syndrome in my consultations because while sitting in a car during research time, I get to learn a lot about how people  Keep behaving and clean up the mess. If it is okay then it is okay for you people to write. Those who have heard till now, because as far as those who have heard here, I will organize something specially for them, this one is some free types, most of my audience are those who have full taste and understand the whole thing.  I have the patience to do gym, if the videos are long, then what happened to your belief systems? You can mod your belief systems in this way. You can listen to your YouTube while driving in the car. You can listen to it by using Bluetooth in your ears. There is no need to see my face because the message.  I am trying to convey you are very important. You can see me walking, you can see me waiting for someone somewhere, you can see me going in a flight, you can see me anywhere, but this will make you happy from within, I am someone on hopelessness.  Haider does not leave anything behind, changes and accepts, see how much he is doing, it means something will happen automatically, he is hitting you again and again, you are piercing me again and again, end it, say less, brother, I am very irritated. Fun  Hey, I can't see, tell me, the difference will start on its own, as soon as the person who is involved in corruption, all his relations will start getting distant, he will also start realizing that today I am getting respect, brother, I am being insulted after getting insulted. Do this to such people and today they are getting respect. Getting respect is getting respect. Insult is neutral and third is that they should be insulted and they are getting respect again.  They say, eliminate corruption, how will it end, everyone is enjoying, the giver, the taker, the distributer, we all are corrupt here, then we all are models, we are in such a country compromise, then  Stop crying, why am I? Stop crying, give up tea and watch it. Those who fly to Punjab, if they become Punjab, then write to me on WhatsApp. I had seen your video, brother, two time's leave, understood that we are intoxicated.  Addicts we should drink but we write thank you