Hello friends, if in this decision-making series, identifying the past tense astrology is a basic thing while making predictions, then I will not go into the technical tips in the chart, but basically the pattern was Alice, then when you have to take any decision in your life, then a little  Also see how are the patterns in this season or you can see one more thing inside this that due to this we call it system as normal, this is called wisdom comes from experience this is normal. Experience reduces over a period of time but if you are getting old, you are gaining only experience in life, you neither go anywhere nor meet nor do anything, if your address is covered then your expenses will reduce then you Vikram Vikram Movie and decision-making Toilet will do this thing, you have to remember that no matter what level of decision someone takes, his salary and money is decided by the one who takes the decision. If you do not take the decision then you will lose your  There will be no increase in salary. You are a receptionist. If you do n't have much birthday today, then what is your salary? You are a top employee of the company, you have many people, you have to make decisions at very high level, you will get the same amount of money as the level of people who make decisions, then you should know the decision making kills.  From Template Path You guys should know because this can be learned and can't be is not something that comes naturally some things if I tell you this thing  If I can explain, this thing can be learned very well, then what do you have to do? If ever a situation arises in your time and you have to take a decision, then go to your Reserve Bank balance of your memories and memories. In such a situation, you were lighting a lantern, what do you do?  What did you do and eat what you did? What is the result of doing it? If you get the right thing to do, cricketer, if you get something wrong right, and if a situation of example concentration arises, then many  The answer is 'fight the elections', it also arises in that also, what happens for the first time, does not happen and according to the situation of different skin, it is in the office setting, it is in the relative's setting, there is a fight with friends, there is a fight with the business partner, there is a life partner.  If there is a fight with Shivling in the house, then grow in the past tense C.B. Like, why are these politicians so mean, how do politicians speak, why mean, this is how so many people are able to become leaders because all these aspects.  You see, even inside Maharashtra, you must have seen what is happening, how it is happening, the best level of politics is being done in it, how the thinking is being done, how the job is done here and there from the party, which B For us to learn how you should react, research a situation you can put in your favor, then in that you will have to see the pattern that if this happens then what to do if it happens, then if I don't want this, I will have to print a pattern.  And  If we assume that the result of this pattern is in my favor and I understand the pattern, then I will let you release you. If everyone likes you, everyone protects them and leaves, then they like you. They do periods with you in the office.  It happens to me in childhood that the person who does not do this is not bad in subscribing, nor does he tell you in his mind that you are a good person, that he will do well in these decision making and in life you will become the same.  kind of Your decision is real, so if you are seeing any pattern that everyone goes away after ringing yours like a temple bell, leaving you after every quarter of an inch, that is your pattern, then you have to see that you have to extract something from it so that someone like this  To be able to do that, you have to see the pattern. If you want to break the pattern, then pattern analysis is important. Any pattern is a good pattern, a bad pattern. There are patterns in the painting we do for every child. Patterns in the performance of the child's education. Patterns are everywhere in Sun's life.  There is a pattern in nature which you will see a button. Help means if you see a flower also you will find a pattern in it, you will see it as a plant, nature has also created it and the more we fry patterns for entry, the more we will connect with nature and we will get many things.  Very easily you will understand that and we will start seeing all the dots but we have to find the delivery of those patterns. If we do not initially find the patterns then we have to say no there are patterns everywhere Dave and Boss Will Cost  You when he will show you will be with you okay with your parents and with his parents your Namaste Appointment Result Break that pattern Call mom and dad and tell him about two hours apart-  Different is also fine, you subscribe to the village, the difficult thing is yours, it is your life that remembers GMAT or these competitive exams, in different ways, there are patterns in this also, neither are they yours.  Solid is that 182 edits that this is the design if you guys know someone like this then you lock the pattern in it that this was this next time this next time again and this is done and this is done so It will do this much in the next year because this one is doing it twice. Whatever it does, okay, so they can print it. Okay, we also read astrology in it, we see all this in it, that this means in school, this in life.  Please Luthra that from today you  My friends are aliens, like it, share this video with people, write it in the comment section, if you are enjoying then write MSG because we are very simple to tell practical things, every video is my wish that you add value to your life.  If you spend 8-10 minutes watching a video, you will get so much productivity in your life that you will not feel that your life is gone because many people spend even such hours watching a video. It does n't feel that bad, but the time passes.  If there is nothing related to you then please Vikram Interesting Portion Start Sending Patterns and Veins I will explain in that also and anyway I will explain first write below that you are understanding the views from above and are enjoying this video, write in the comments and if people write then I and  I will tell you these things better and explain them better. Thank you.