Hello friends, moving forward with the decision making series, today we will learn a new concept, many good videos have been posted before this, many people have said it, today's topic will be decision making, you must have heard this term, but why does it come, what does it do and  What can you do to avoid this? It will be a very interesting thing and there is also a link to test whether your boss is intelligent or not. I will tell you one thing related to this. If every person works, then the boss has to trouble you because I am a naughty child.  Like I also teach other things, it's okay, normally people don't learn but I teach that too, it is important otherwise how will you test, the boss can call you worthless, well worthless, how will you test, then this is a guru mantra to test the boss too. If it happens, then the decision gets torn. You already know that if you have to take multiple decisions, then you get tired and then you cannot take the decision. It is simply a stick view, but when you wake up in the morning, the left foot  Will you put the slippers on first or will you put the right foot on your right foot? The brain is taking the decision. Will you pick up the water and drink it first? Will you use the mobile in your hand or will you go to the bathroom or will you brush your teeth or what will you do? It is taking it automatically. Conscious decision making also happens and everything is also at the conscious level. Which clothes to wear every day? You must have read and heard many things about which clothes to wear every day and decision making. Brother, he became Mark Zuckerberg and if he reaches that level then he can drive less by wearing a boring little t-shirt, it doesn't matter because he has reached it, even I will not suit you, so I will give only practical knowledge, I am fine in things.  So you can decide many things in advance: White Tuesday on Monday, Red color on Wednesday, Green color on Thursday, Yellow Friday, Blue Saturday, Black or Blue Sunday, Orange. By doing this you can do something with any clothes like this. You can buy such sets in your life, make a cut off of ₹ 200, some of 500, some of thousand, some of ₹ 2000, depending on how rich you are and how much money you have, whatever the cut off, start from 200.  Do it because my audience I am sir can start from the cut off of Rs 200 that brother there will be something below this I will not put my mind to it, less is more like auto rickshaw take ₹ 10 more. Vegetables worth only ₹ 20 are more, somewhere less, somewhere, there is no shop somewhere brother, put it right, lamp somewhere, don't reduce it because it is getting added to you somewhere, then when your turn comes to buy a house, you will not be able to understand because of your fatigue level.  It may have become so much where you will be cut in lakhs or you will not understand then there will be no decision making there, why are you taking decisions from me and in many decisions I am telling men between husband and wife, you can share.  So brother, these are all yours, some are mine and some are mine, we will take them after consultation, then identify three types of decisions of each couple: one man will take banana, one woman will take banana and you have defined that, it is okay.  There will be some people who will take big decisions. Off course, the big decisions of life will be taken together by both of you. If you are the wife of everything, I have seen many men in everything, what will be cooked in food, what will be made, like where will the utensils come from.  You will think that this is not right and especially when a man retires, he gets very involved in these things, so in those things you first take a clear decision and the same is for women, tell me something clearly, brother, you decide this.  What will happen, how will you eat, then you will be saved like that in a moment, you have to see that by the evening time we get tired because from the morning I had told you how everyone consciously wears the slippers on the left and this on the right.  It is a proven fact because the way to avoid decision making is from this thing, but there are also passengers, that is, pilots are also there, passengers sit and think about them, a pilot also has to take a lot of decisions on a daily basis when he flies and in us some time something goes wrong.  It may also happen in some things, if his decision is working at fatigue level then he will not be able to take decision and while flying, he will not be able to take or decide.  A is a choice, B is in life that if I don't take it today, I will take it but it is not on time, then whatever comes on time, it comes on the free set template that if it happens, I will do this if I want, so it is usmein, he has a hundred percent.  Situations cannot be covered because life itself is not so predictable, there are some emergencies, some such situations can come which cannot be covered, but by and large we cover them all, that is, 1995%.  So they took the cover, whenever it happens, they know a process and template to take some decisions, hence it is called a checklist because it is a check list, so you have to make a checklist of different things in your life or else you don't have to.  So endlessly you will just not be able to take the decision and now as I promised you in the beginning you will have to trouble your boss or check why he is so intelligent.  So I will tell you what to do for him, the one who gets tired the most and the one who cooks the least is the one who has to take the decision and many bosses are like this, they say brother, don't take the decision from us, take our kidney, oh take my life, okay then I will take the option, okay  What should you do? Whatever you write or note down, or you have an email or a presentation, it is okay if you are not attacked in every slide of the presentation and your presentation may not be good or bad. usmein always and how to do it, you have to give two options, whoever is your boss that sir can do this also, you can do this also like this and you have to put it on him, you tell me what to do if that if unhen daily basis you boss has to take the decision.  If you are forcing him to buy and giving him options on opshns then he will start getting worried and if there is a smart and intelligent POS then your area will die and he will say, 'Yeh to kam ki tankhvah tere ko milti hai' Don't ask me which end oil to do, this is also one thing which I don't see shed boss these days because even the boss bosses have the habit of micromaxing and they come from one level to this level.  This is because perhaps it does not work in most of the houses, so at every level, what will happen, how will it happen here, or if any function is taking place, if someone is senior, then it is happening a lot at this level in small government agencies. man this  It reduces the level. Do you guys agree with this brother or sister? Please see, it should not seem that my dreams come from somewhere and I just get up and make something, it is not like that at all, I am connected to thousands of people, I am different.  -There are pain points in different capital cities. I am telling you these pain points. If you want to always keep the boss in the back seat, then you have to force him on decision making. Always keep giving him options and he is like a curious child or an adult. Liable subservant sa mulajim Sir, you tell me, Sir, whatever you tell, Sir, I have to make this blue, I have to make it red, Sir, these are the things, whether the flower pot is to be kept here or there, that is, the one who is below your status, probably peon level.  If you are on the same level as him or a little on his level, catch hold of him and ask him in the beginning, then the one who is stupid will get the feeling that everything is done by asking me, the smart one will give you a call right there and then.  The test will be done, this will tell such a great person, this is some kind of wrong way of doing the test, dog, okay, so I tell the boss, if he is an intelligent man, then brother, then he will come to know, but you tell me, what do you want to do with your boss?  Then come to the comment section and write what is the result, if my one is Shaana then write Sharan like this, my one is Shayna and take away my one is a fool. You have given a very good tip and those who are bosses themselves and are listening then 70.  Go somewhere, if this happens to you, then look, what is less of a consultant, you have to bat from both the sides, Prashant Kishore ji, sometimes he becomes a consultant from here, sometimes he becomes from there, then the one who is ahead because he is less than both of them, like you.  Brendon McCullum is now the coach of England I think, it is our John Wright for New Zealand, it is okay, then you can become someone's consultant, whoever is sitting at the front is telling after that, so even if you are the boss, it is also for you. Very  The video is important. Is it happening with you on a daily basis? The decision making which has to be done by the people below, you have to just hit one dialogue and you said to the employee, ' Brother, I get your salary, can you give me a salary? I take the decision.'  I will take every post and every appointment and there is a decision making attached to it, its caliber is fine if you know your caliber, there are many boss seasons who fall that bhaiya this will become that, do this, do this.  If it is so, then confuse them again. Today the employees are anything less and you should not feel bad. Micromax does it, come on brother, if we fail, then it makes short work of it the whole day. Everything will be done after asking you, it means like they don't say it in schools. I, I came in this, you go to the toilet like this, that means like it used to happen in the class, okay, nowadays even in schools, the teachers say, don't ask, you will get up and go, meaning it's like it breaks the flow, okay asked first.  I used to go, okay, nowadays you don't ask, I always bring the latest data and prospectively. In schools, I ask children whether they come like this and go away or get up and go on their own. Okay, then you tell me and try this trick. How can you do more such videos with your boss? Tell me if it is practical or not. Reduce it by having templates for situations in your life. Suddenly four people came to my house and I asked for food from there. That food is clean, good and good and I have this number, you understand my point that it is clear cut, this is how it will become mine, if someone comes suddenly or if someone harasses me like this, insults me, humiliates me, then this will be my reaction.  If it is not like this before, then what is it? Many times what happens is that suddenly something happens to people, the decision is so much that what should I do now, what should I do now, what should I do now? Be very clear in life, meaning if in 5 seconds.  Any  The man is reacting, he is doing it in two, it does not mean that he is impulsive, maybe he is the one who thinks about friend things, so when you are prepaid, there is no decision fatigue, you go to give any exam, life is a daily exam on a daily basis  Basis it's an exam every day you have to take it decision which bus to catch, which flight to catch, catch the morning one, catch the middle one, catch the expensive one.  Grab and seat, what is to be done because how is the choice being given and why is this being done because to impress the consumer that Bhai Saheb, clubhouse facing is to be taken, park facing is to be taken, outside facing is to be taken, south is to be taken, north facing is to be taken.  Which one is to be taken from below and which one is to be taken? And when you stand on the spot, decision making for your property, now you will say, go around, yes, because that is the biggest decision, okay, so what about that?  Do you have any template because there will be such a thing that if the part is visible then the sunlight will not be visible, if the sunlight is visible then nothing else will be visible, this is what happens when the designing is done at the architect level and I am also a part of the project. That every flat can be sold by narrating a story, as you said that it has this deficiency, then it can be counted in abundance, every man needs everything usmein, if you will not give like this, then the stool will not be sold, brother, then if you resort only to the East  Facing Park, Facing Dhoop, Facing Smooth, Good on one side, spoiling everything on the other side, then you get to know decision making again. When you have learned the template from someone, then there is channel status on my channel, be it job, marriage, relationship or money.  Yes, templates for decision making of all these are being given, I will tell you openly slowly, earlier I used to think that people will understand on their own, it is okay, but sometimes they don't understand, okay, so different playlists are good for the job.  It's decision making, it's mind set, it's real estate, it's education, it's family, so you go and see how good the buffet is and you will, not 100%, 1000 person ball, many people played the game, that's why I am feeling like praising myself, if not.  Had there been good comments, I wouldn't have said like this, ' How can I become my hero? There are so many comments in the video. There are comments in the video. If you go and watch it, it is like transformatri.'  It is happening slowly but the thought process is happening at the society level. I am definitely doing it on a small level through myself. I request you all, if you have not subscribed to the channel yet then please do subscribe and share the video on your family group.  If they will also subscribe, I have children, I am married, I have a son, I have a daughter-in- law, I also enjoy because when the whole family comes to the same page, I am not able to understand all the things told by me.  Believe it or not, all those things are true for you, every person has his own truth, but that is a template to discuss, brother, when there is a family discussion over tea in the evening, then this is politics, religion, what is happening in Maharashtra, what is happening? Instead of that, do it in your life because I am a person who fully believes that if Indian families will do well and will be very good at the family level, then the country will progress because countries are nothing but 35 crores.  Small family and 10 crore big family jismein all the grandparents are all one and it is a small family jismein there are four people, father means husband, wife and two children, our country is worth 140 crores, we just know our four to 10, which is four to 10.  Take 15, take away mother-in-law, father-in-law and all of them, this is our system of 15 people. If we correct it then it will be good for the country.  It will be done, there is no need to go out and do social service, I am giving that template, tell me how do you like the template, if you want more templates, you come for all please, very good templates have been made, I will definitely give them to you.  Decision making has been taught to him, he puts it in the template and he calls his situation a check list according to the template, like when he does n't know, the pilot checks it.  They start speaking by doing the sound date on this of this of SSC, they do not give their mind because they said that they will go by their mind, if you forget then it is okay then go straight according to the checklist, then I want to give you this template.  I am thank you