Hello friends, a new topic in real estate education which will help many people. People need a lot of clarity in this. Share this thing with your friends on the cross. Today we will discuss about carpet area. Discuss the carpet area.  Will do and will discuss in the ones with premium apartments and all the floors of Deendayal will be discussed in this also so that we get total quality, this smart world of the worlds is coming, those who have it are the ones.  I will discuss the premium partner separately and will tell you the formula for calculation. So now let us listen carefully. The builder agreement is registered according to the rear and the program is indicated in this direction, it stops according to the carpet area. So the first thing is that it is not a very great thing. If this thing is inspired from the front, then the rates will be less. People subscribe to celebrity news according to super heroes. Now the registry will be with carpet.  No, it will be 7000. Yes, the history will be according to the same. If it will be according to the clean butt, then that mathematics is correct. People are unnecessarily happy in it. The formula is this: stay connected carefully, listen carefully, according to Rewa, 70% fuel super area.  What is claimed is the minimum minimum till the morning in Patria. The definition in Patria is pure cars and if you fight in the so called carpet area then it should be 70%. As an example, if there is a thousand super area, then subscribe for it. Vote can be anyone by entering carpet plus modified. It is very important in the project selection that it does not take much time to make the expenditure on the balcony and the one and calculate.  I do the property value of any flight product, Shankar, so on this thing you should know this, see the appointment state, model, keep in mind that the young man will run away, you will get 15000 living room and so much more.  That you bathroom and subscribe to it yourself is also fine, what happens is that in the era, if we put it in the meter and say 08 or say 3250, then the person becomes like this in meter of square feet and for the first time he gets all this.  You realize things whether you are telling me right or wrong, in the Bhinder Bohra Agreement, because Veerva's all are written and the factors are written according to them. Now let's come to the countries about which I wanted to tell, Deendayal.  There are keys on the floor to judge according to the super area, the area of ​​your basement and the area of ​​terrace you get above, if there is a container anywhere in a superman size fit, then in the formula of super area, it has 70 nutrition. If you work out, it turns out to be wrong many times because people forget to add the balcony in it, the builder tells the carpet area but does not tell the hair separately, then you say, the carpet area, you had told that it should be 70.  So if you add the cent of ban on sixty three then in the formula the carpet area mentioned plus the balcony this point News One area will be your 70%. Inside Adheen Dayal, there is your street portion as well as your terrace and also your 20 minutes.  There is no account there, you get it, you can sell it separately and if you can't do anything else, then you have the audience for Deendayal, whenever you go, ask about the size of the plot, the second thing you can ask.  You are actually getting votes, listen to that and that's all, calculate these rooms yourself and you will get the size of the basement in it, about one hundred and sixty feet, smaller ones come out after selling them and on top you will get a terrace, about one hundred and sixty feet, so this is  There is 320 carpet but it is not being used in the stomach which is your builder agreement and there when you see the feature of t-20 left and thing waves worth 70 80 lakhs then you  It is a shock, this is very less, it is not less, it is justified, it is fine, car parking is available, it is not necessary to fall in the forest, when we were saying that car parking is not available, we will tell that brother, there will be pain and there will be cutting, if you hear then that.  It is fine as it is, the advantage is that you are getting a 160 fit room which is a very big room in itself, there is storage space, it is in the office, it also has a toilet, assistant parking is also available and then you get a terrace.  get separate rights If you can go there and do your husband's clash, then it is a big package, he will calculate the carpet area based on what is visible, then the builder will write the area inside the floor as carpet area and also the balcony.  If he does n't give much, then you will see that this Deendayal, his little coriander has been given leave after asking for his life, so that the actual end uses are more in that 70% formula. If you give too much boiled coriander, then there will be some inside.  By not meeting him, he will become smaller than the bull, today he is dutiful, he has grown only a little, it is okay, if he grows a little then he will also become smaller, Alberuni, you have made a big mistake, I did not create confusion, you guys on this matter  If you still have doubts, please write in the comment section, I will answer. The rough math is that 70% carpet will be there, it has to be done with points, the builder's calculated agreement, I have made big deals.  Among the builders, Godrej's comes around 60, Shobha's Sandhiyug goes to 70.83, Chatur ji comes to 6. If it has to be done, then all the builders play around 7878, so that if they do not go below zero, then they play one or Verma Arvind, all builders take one and a half percent, no one above 72 gives their curiosity, so I will take more care, okay, so that 72 is the  Maximum limit is 700 Minimum limit otherwise penalty will be imposed and it is too big according to that so let me know if you have received a message, you will like this type of video in future too, I have made a video earlier also, above, I want to make different videos like this. You people like and comment that it seems that now I have succeeded in explaining these things. I will tell many things to many people in advance. But definitely, the formula for all this may not be the same. Please share this with your friends. If you have not subscribed to the channel then please subscribe.