Hello friends, today's topic is interesting, selfish is a word, we will explore its definition, many people will get relief from a lot of pressure, it will be fun, it is original content but the content opens your notes in life, everyone is getting so much love and affection from the subscribers.  First of all, say Namaskar with folded hands in the comment section and everywhere else and I feel that people are getting a lot of things to learn from it and with the amount of love I am getting from you people, I am very happy to make this thing.  If it does, then it is a very simple topic. Yes, selfish is an English word. Okay, so it is selfish because it is selfish, you are a selfie, you are very selfish, this is a very selfish man, this one, many people are being controlled due to this. Such actions are being made to be done by those who do not want to do it, do not want to do less, emotionalina is stirred so that no man wants to clear the selfie stick, this is also a fact, selfish is a term, it is like that, no one. Wants you to be laborless is selfish, okay, but today we will discuss this definition. Whenever someone declares you selfish or you declare someone else, if someone is declared selfish, then generally it is said that he is selfish.  He does something and is of no use to us, we asked him something, we had some retirement and he did not complete that retirement, this is a lot of definition, we will not complicate it, that's it.  We will analyze, it is there in children too, right, my friend, I asked for something from you or I am 20, 22 but 24 years old, you have to see that this is a person, this is the one who is asking, this is the one who is going to ask from this person, what is needed from this person, this is this, this is this  He doesn't need, he has some means, it's difficult, or he has that position, or he has someone else, or he has money, or whatever, he has it, he doesn't have it, who needs it, who needs it, now he approaches it by discussing this practice.  We will take it depending on 2 factors, if he does not provide that thing to him, then this person is called selfish, that is, thinking more about his own self. About selfish self, he needed something from this for his self, he needed something from this, he does not need anything.  He woke up at 4:00 in the morning and dropped me at the airport. He slept at 5:00. He sleeps at 12:00. He has some education. He has something. He has nothing.  Know that someone wakes him up in the morning and has to do something less, who has nothing to do with what is happening in other's life and he only wants to take less, this is selfish. Understand that our children have become selfish because the parents do not know their life. What is happening in this, the parents need something, we had given it, okay, what happens in this, when someone else is called selfish, sometimes what happens is that he too has done something, if so, then this guy genuinely misuses you.  When it comes to the dhaba and your turn, he doesn't do anything, then you can tell him that you forcefully give him something, take pickles for dinner today, take food, take clothes, take a trip, you will talk about a movie, which has nothing to do with him, how can you call him selfish, [ __ ]?  It may be okay for you, the person working with you says that if I have done so much for you then did he ask for this, you can do this, you have done it, many people are like this, they invite 20 people for dinner at their home and some more.  let's speak  Party is my happiness, go away man, it becomes sad just like that, now you have expectations, so you have to look at your relationships like that, what can you do if you cannot invite people for dinner at home, but for whatever reasons. Your wife doesn't know how to cook, your house is not that good, you seem to have some issues in it, okay or you don't have any time or you just can't believe in these things, you don't want to waste time, you want to do your studies.  Are Want to add value, want to grow, want to learn something new especially on weekends, want to learn by spending your money, want to move forward in life, many people have this orientation and I have seen that they are such people who are self- centered.  These people who want to grow and do not want to deal with bevkufon are tagged as very selfish. Today I made a video to give freedom to these people.  I felt fond, felt chilly, these must be those who till now have run away after watching the 2 minute 3 minute video, you will see after writing something, those who have watched the video till now and will see it in the future also, you will see and write to them that brother, you are in four minutes. You had gone ahead, you haven't even heard the whole story, that is the party, this is the party, this is by force, they must have one or the other thing, they will take this thing and do it to everyone, man, take, they have 50 diaries for free from somewhere in front of the bank, so this is this.  Will you share it ok?  They have got something from somewhere or have some talent, they have only one thing, they will pick up something and give it to everyone like this and then they will want different things as my return gift. I had given my diary to you, now leave me there. I gave you something, I gave you a calendar, I gave you this, all the people do this whenever they are with you, you have to obey and protect yourself from them because it will be tagged as selfish if you follow this definition which I am telling you today. today you  I am liberating you from this pain, you have to see that the world is only interested in you if you hold a position, so first of all, don't make yourself too much of a hero every time you go, I have this much information, my brother is like this.  My brother Saheb came there, our brother Saheb is there, then he is noting everything about you and then when he faces you at the right time, he will call you, talk to his brother, please reduce this for me, then he will not be with you or  will happen again  So you will call that brother, now that brother may be some intellectual busy kid and not interested or he may not be that close to you, brother, then he will be no less than you, then you will call that brother selfish, he will call you selfish because you  Either if you want to save yourself from this then he will have to declare selfishness or if you cannot then he will give it to you, only then this selfish selfish business is going on which is not really worth it.  He is a man and is intelligent, it does n't matter to him, he is successful only then, if someone calls him selfish, it is okay and you want me, many people will come for your own sake, no, I am not asking for anything for myself, this guy must be the guy, right?  Now it is known what this brother will say, I am doing good to the society, but I am not doing any good to the society, so those who have the habit of becoming Chaudhary for free, there are many free Chaudhary in North India who go around networking everywhere so that  to these  If you get tea here, if you face any problem, if you get pakodas, then Namaste is also necessary. Do you know 10 less people? Something big is going on in India. There are such people who do very little after retirement, no matter the department from which they retire. They have their numbers because you are retired from the department, it is better than anyone else and now the one who will not help you anywhere is selfish and you are associating his character.  When negativity spreads in the society, its effect is anything for oneself. You are the one requiring something. This is the way I turn the story upside down. People are liberated because happiness course is also going on. Happiness in life has helped in meeting with such clarity.  You can connect with me and of course next time when somebody is doing famous you witch you actually do n't need please  Tel dem don't do it I don't require your diary I don't require date invitation you date food or date party or date ceremony or something I don't require because they are going you compact tremendous you are going to her to do her a favor that she  This poor guy has come and is calling you. You are taking out your time and doing a favor to him which you are not even telling him about and he  He is thinking that you are thinking that I have called, in this way everyone will become selfish, no, everyone is selfish, already very selfish, it is not to be, but this ex will stop, everyone take care of yourself, people are gone.  Before doing good to the society, do good to your home. Do good to the society later. Do good to your home first. India has 140 crore 35 crore families. There are four small ones and 10 crore big ones.  Family and a very big family of 5 crores in which in-laws and father-in-laws also got into the system and you also got into the system. Start taking out Rs. 500, 1000, 2003000 from your pocket instead of hanging on people, it is better because when they respond in the opposite way, no, I am not.  Get up around 5:00 in the morning, roll your Uber or call a taxi, don't hang around me, my sleep is important, many people are like this and many are elderly.  They feel as if they have given tea, water or something to someone, a little bit is fine, that child has gone to some extent, so he is entitled to all his time's energy, either he is employed or no one is reducing much or he is very poor. My habit is that this misunderstanding is very common to the elderly, that if a child greets a little lovingly, he should do good and if you give him some tea, water or anything else, then he will feel off.  This tag of selfishness that becomes an entitlement is coming from even very elderly people because they have taken a lot of money in free funds. Earlier, the water system used to work many years ago. You know that brother, the one who is going to cut hair should cut hair.  The tax has gone, the wheat has gone away, the society used to run on this given tech, now society's standards have been imposed on it, now the gem has gone to the bank, now that gem has value and you can do all the things with it, you do not need to reduce those things.  is that i  I will come to your house and give you milk, I will give you lassi, then you do this for me, you give me clothes, there is no system for me right now, but people are trying to run the system by force, I came by force and gave something to her, she does not want it, people have told her to come in the future.  Either it is not going to be reduced even in 1000 K sweets, then people want to reduce a lot with 1 K sweets, when it is not reduced then they say selfish, it is okay, why did you take the sweets, if he does not reduce it, then be a warrior, people are giving this diary.  Sweets dispense this also ultimately you will not be able to do this fact you are not wrong thing or time or a limit now you can't do I am not brother plants have to be there that makes a difference sambadi hum is helpful nice something like date see all want you come un  Cross come date percentage normally that I hope you get go d last end message ok then please share understand this video it is very important to understand this definition society thank you to