Hello friends, this topic will be about understanding the pricing of these projects and when you have entered into that project, it is not about multi- story premium ultra luxury luxury project, then what do you have to do, how to understand its pricing and how to decide-  Making and where people are forgetting basic maths due to which they do not understand things then they start a project if it is not completed before seven to eight years, it takes even 10 years to build Dwarka Expressway.  But there is a big monument in the making at the time of the project, you write the name of this volunteer, if it takes 1575 more years, then 14 will reach the time of Shri Ram ji's exile. If we can proceed clearly by accepting it as Safi, then two towers emerge in 3 to 4 pages.  Towers are built again by drinking, they are built slowly, they are written slowly, now in this you have to see that if you have taken the first page and Dwarka Expressway Example of the exam.  It seemed time that if you are liking me behind that pimple, then this position can be there. Before the Dwarka Expressway is built, you will soon meet yourself here. It will take eight-ten months with the government to make a peacock out of dust.  You know that it does not consume time, so if I am giving 90% to a project in four months and I am getting it cheaper by Rs 15-20 lakh, then what if I am cheaper then this is the question for you.  Ask because your money is going in one place in three to four years and in some other fee. Face and time value of money is very practical that is very important. On top of that, the latest is that many builders have recently stopped read transfers anyway.  I also want to give you this information that you cannot write, cannot transfer, he has included whatever existing rules and classes are there and on whose paper, those things are also happening. Pintu Aryan 20.10 It turns out to be equal to interest in understanding the pricing. You have to keep it in mind exactly how the payment bank is in the cost, it is like this, when to pay the money, time relief, Manish, important because what is vestige, if the development is silent outside.  It is almost done and it will take one and a half or two years and I am keeping the handkerchief here right now and it will take four to five years to complete it.  If it will take years then my development of three years is after this tournament, earning money here will be very high, infection point says Vanaspati, something for this is already ready and like your ATS has blood, your posters are grind, Dwarka Expressway.  But those people have been on the planet for a long time, they have suffered a lot, the prices are also big, they will also increase in the future, but it is a game of time value for money that all the money there, 1.5-2 crores, has gone in one go, whatever.  If you have bought a plot then this thing is very important for you that the timing which you will calculate for the project and if you go according to this thing then you will get a lot of fame in calling the time left and on that you will get the square feet.  Finding the rate and putting it in the formula, you will match a little, you will release you, you will be able to take up the petition, thank you.