Hello friends, An abstract topic which can change your life, if you understand this thing a little and there is also an announcement further, we become or are what actions we take in life, the work we do, the deeds we do.  We take actions but we take actions based on our thoughts, whatever comes to our mind, and some thoughts come to our mind, on the basis of that we do something in life.  We take decisions and take action but its higher order thinking is that where do thoughts come from or thoughts come from feeling i.e. from emotion and this is not in our control and can be manipulated here so we have to By manipulating, we can be manipulated at the action level, this is a very deep thing and I catch it here, I catch it emotions and from this I catch four more things, three  I catch four more things - your job or do you work, what is your business, how do you earn your livelihood, your marriage, your investments and general relationships and your quality of life. These are four things and this is the source. This is the source and these four things. I am going to explain Happiness Course 2.0 beautifully in five to six classes in 10 to 12 hours, I am going to teach you and I am going to make you a high level consultant myself.  You will learn that everything will be done in your own life and you can do it in the world also, so when this video is being released which is Saturday, 25th, when you are watching me and listening, this course will start this evening at 700 pm. To register, you will have to register on the number given below, what is its process, it will be told to you. Total fee is ₹ 500. There can be 5 to 6 to 7 classes. You will understand the links of all these things very beautifully.  At the end of this no one will be able to manipulate you and you will be able to teach this knowledge to the world, you will be able to take consultation, you will be able to solve the problems of the world, you will be able to earn money through it, now it depends on how much knowledge you have, with devotion, you attend, make notes and work hard. But you will resolve many things in your life, you will deal with the patterns of your life, you will get a lot of liberation, you will get the power to control if there is any raita spread in your life. You will know why raita spreads. You will get information about why raita should not spread further in life. This is my iconic course on happiness. Winters come at the end of the year. It is fun to enjoy your milk with turmeric lightly mixed with halwa.  Attend with us and listen to Dupak in the quilt in a good way. Winter has started and now it is starting. Don't miss this golden chance to attend live because of recording. Then later.  We will see that the queries are still a little left, you will get the knowledge but you will be deprived of the one on one session, so join us for the last and final boarding call which will go beyond this, then the flight will be flying on 25th November Saturday at 7:00 pm. You have a cut off time of 6:30 pm to send the A2 because it will take you half an hour to register and do that, so utilize this a lot as I told you here, because what will you get to learn from people, you will get a lot and all.  A, I cannot tell you in detail here, I told you that emotions, your job, marriage, relationship, investment are the pillars of life and relationships and they control your happiness and I told you very beautifully earlier that what you do in life becomes your life.  Whatever you do goes, but whatever you do, thoughts come and thoughts come from feeling, feeling and emotion, they are not in your control, so if you learn about them then what action you do.  Ho and your present situation because people suddenly turn 35 years old and they say man, relationships are bad, there is no money, nothing is happening, how did this happen to me, so if you 22 23 24 25 26 27  Ka is the first one and you don't want that you ever suddenly ask why did this happen to me why did I land up here and how did I land up here brother  You are responsible for that, there is no one else because at this level you have become a mere person, you have become a human being at this level, you have ended up doing all these things and this is your situation, it is as explained in Sanatan, Bhai Gane.  If you don't like pomegranate juice then you will have to stop putting sugarcane in the machine. Brothers and sisters, if you want pomegranate juice, if you are putting sugarcane in it, then first of all stop putting sugarcane.  You will have to do more and look for pomegranate. Pomegranate is not available but sugarcane is required otherwise it is available in season so try it but be clear that the juice you are getting is because I am adding sugarcane and  If I am adding sugarcane then I will get only sugarcane juice and if I do n't like the sugarcane juice then I will have to change the fruit. If you do not change the input in life then the output will not change. If you do not like the output then change the input.  More input will be required. If you accept that you cannot change then you will have to accept the output. If you get peace then you will attend this course whether your input changes or not. You will definitely get peace. You will definitely get peace. You will definitely get peace. You will definitely get clarity. So this winter, when there is fog outside or it is cold and there is nowhere to go, to make the best use of your time on weekends, to understand these things very well under five seven classes, you can comment on the number given below on whatsapp2. You will find it in the section or you will find it in the hashtag and when you are watching this video, you do not have many hours left because say boarding train boarding train, say ship, at 7:00 pm Saturday 25th November, Mast Iconic is starting. In which you will enjoy, married people can join with their wives, bachelors can join with their parents because when the show is going on, even two, three, four, five people can attend. But yours is also going on, if people can sit together and watch, then more people can learn and the more they learn, what is M from this, you have to become a consultant, you have to learn till that level, no one will say, I am not married, so why should I listen, oh brother, I am not married.  So it will happen and if you don't do it, then what is the problem in knowing about those who have done it? A doctor who gives birth to a gynecologist must have children of his own too. If you understand what I am saying, then there is a need and there is a need in the market.  have this knowledge  That this knowledge is an end blue ocean opportunity and it is not taught in any college, which I will teach, nor will it be taught in any school, nor will it be taught anywhere else, nor will a book be written anywhere. Practical knowledge which works in Indian settings will be fun. I can only tell you the syllabus. Whoever wants to attend will get to know the rest. Thank you very much.