Hello friends, the topic is Understanding Risks in Decision-Making Process. We normally understand relationships, understand rewards and see what goes wrong in decision making. Do not go towards relationships. I will explain it to you with some examples. It is a very deep topic. Interesting topic is your decision.  -What happens whenever the time comes to take a decision, it is generally seen that people's attention is either on the research associate or it is effective. Or in some greedy cases, the focus is only on rewards and the focus gets diverted from the relationship. In this way, decision-making is either not possible or you will not be able to do it or you will not feel like it because only on risk. Focused for example, crossing the road is a very normal activity that crossing any road. Share article Chand of crossing the road especially is not hundred percent because if one crore people in the world cross the road. Saif Ali is not able to do all the things but if you focus only on that wrist then you will ever cross the road. I am trying to say this, then you can see in it that there is research but how much.  If there is risk then it is understood that if ever any investment opportunity comes then there will be a risk in anything that there is no complete guarantee but if you see what is the reward associate rate then the risk divided is the reward.  If the risk is low and is reported then the denominator will be high and the answer will be low then the risk god should be in your favor. Many times what happens is that you are getting so many returns that you are getting so many returns by taking so much risk and so much.  And many times the answer is that many times a person is ready to take so much risk for a little more returns, then there you have to apply this relationship in these stock market investments middle class. How much is the fifth acid? Are you buying a plot with that thing? Do n't forget to subscribe and you are feeling that there are lakhs of big ones everywhere. Today's special focus has been removed and it is happening and subscribe now to receive new updates so much.  It was more, not in the voice, because next to it, Jhalra is certified, outside, there is Riyasat Jha certificate, it gives you the indication, the price inside is two and a half times more, like this, you will get the jewelery specific hallmark. Thinking it is very pure and doing it cheap, it is not making charge, it is an investment, you have one line and mix people, whenever any thing is too good to be true, it is not that it is so difficult to translate it into Hindi.  It Anything is to-do means something looks very good but the thing is not there 118 Will give happy return Should return Will give sure return Assured Only we in this life  One day we will leave this earth, we do n't know when we will leave but we will leave, if anything gets destroyed other than this then write in the comment section, then forgive me. Love for the child should prevent till death. Makes me laugh a lot. How does he behave? I guarantee everything.  If there are no taxes, then they should take things. You know, sometimes the sex keeps changing, sometimes the incentives keep changing, sometimes GST is made, sometimes something else happens with Systech, there is nothing further to add, there is something in life.  Also MS Word Good Time Time, something according to the resort, you guys go, understand this mechanism and in everything you will see what is the end Subscribe Quid Adviser Kabir, a human being will not be able to sit in a ship, one cannot go from one place to another, even in a ship  If you want to go into Statistics and History then you cannot be a risk taker in everything but also you cannot pursue only one. What is the relationship between the two? There is tension in investment and if you hang around.  If you go then in the eyes of your close relatives, especially in the eyes of your wife, a man is very stupid. Subscribe Must Subscribe Meaning Tata Investment Ghosh Health Raw To Play Game Play Game Who Is The Tuesday Point Again Will Take Don't Play On Such Taxes If You Are On Such Stage  If you are playing the game then the reporter's question is not in your favor. I hope you like these videos of decision-making. I bring small certain states for you and when you connect the dots after seeing everyone in isolation, go and watch all the videos and a decision-making play list, I have templates in it too, so decision making will become better.  Yours and what ever decisions were taken in life, we become the same, today your situation is the same, whatever difference you have taken, whom to marry, which one should come first, take care of the job, let them do it.  How to nurture, how to behave with people, what to do with people, what kind of food to eat, these are the decisions you make, that is PRO time, because of these, you are what you are, so only through quality decisions, there is progress in life and there is peace, then what is it?  If someone explains the template, please tell us what are the aspects that we need to pay attention to because in the decision-making process of this contest, whether to like or not to like this video is also a decision, I will request the decision.  Will lead to liking and I will keep going and keep bringing great videos. Thank you.