Hello friends, let me tell you about leaf money in time in property bank, all four developments create a lot of confusion in decision making. You should know that the value of Rs 1 crore was more 10 years ago and is less today, you all know this but  If you are buying something in a new project, then you have to see the payment plan and how your money will be spent. It is very important that if a unit in an old tower is not available for resale by mistake, but even if it is available.  So  In that, if my entire money goes to 80,90 percent, versus I will make 1028 and gradually pay the cost of fund of that, put 6.7 cents at 6.7, if you want to take a loan, there is such a price difference, then I want you to see that if I have 25 lakhs.  I am getting it at a cheaper rate but if my money is going away in four years then I am saving Rs 40 lakh here because my meter is on loan to them on the first day, so if my net is Rs 20  You also have to pay 25 lakhs more, I am swinging from 15 to 18 lakhs plus you will give me one more thing, I don't have money, so where should I get it from, I probably have to sell some other property and buy it. How many people are there?  Those who are sitting with the money and it is in resale, if you do not want to give the money through cheque, then from where will you give it and if you give it by taking a loan, then meter no plus please like in Dwarka Express, it will take 2 years for me to eat.  I am getting a position in 2 months, 4 months, 6 months. I am getting a position in 8 minutes. For 2 years, there is nothing else, there is dust and soil, there is vegetable issue, whatever it is, it means there will be issues or nothing.  There is nothing when you two get the taste of living together here, then why should I spend all the money right now? If I am getting something like this in the same and flour times and the portion of my tower will come, then that settlement will be very good, come crying.  will have finished  If everything has been done well then it will taste so much better to me then it will be given to me with fish and rice, this math used to be told to us in childhood, friends used to say to children, children of traveling people, tell me, do well in maths, match is always useful, so it is very useful.  People became doctors, that's why behavior went something else, became an architect, became something else, it's okay, even if you become a lawyer, MS Word is still useful, don't drink * * * 2.1 How many people know how to be interested? Everyone knows how much do you apply. When a real life situation arises, no calculation can be done. You become confused in your duties. You write these in a delirious manner. Someone knows the spelling and will get a reward for writing. Is it correct or does it have a meaning? You become confused in your duties. You guys are ok after all Calculation for AIDS Patient OnePlus are the power and the cold 2.21 Broadcasters power and compound interest so I said no Raj  Learn, I can also do simple interest. Come, okay, make it a habit. 786 points, add five husbands. 2.53 Whatever is the position, the time is okay, you are giving the principal Jyoti, you are giving it now and then calculate that this installment went to me in 2014.  So, how much is the interest on it for 3 years * * * 20.10 rupees were withdrawn, then this one gets into that pocket of mine, then this one goes here and there Pintu  Do RNT and do this, do this and you have got the answer. Now brother, in this one you have to give 80%, send it on the number and now apply more grind in it, then apply more mud and test less with it. The phone will remain in it.  In a way, Chanak has not come yet, this much rent will come from the tenant, all the duty will be there, bubbles have started forming in the express, there is no dust and dirt, everything is smooth, the environment is good, then after 2 years the real major rent will come.  Song abhi to mar hua hai rent ka yaa 2-3 day ko aad karenge bainsla ke liye ke saath hain ke saath ke saath ke saath nahi hai, do not take this family leave and he has gone through the entire enrollment and now that time is over, most of them will be.  Shift into samadhi end of rentals ok when family four moving and when mode run ok so I hope you understand the thing, did I explain to you then type this and if I can't explain then type end  If there will be an end, then why should I leave the vote? These days big electronic boards are posted on YouTube, they write in such a style faster than List A, so I am fine here, so I used to teach like the old way of teaching, but I don't want to. Take my audience, okay, I will go to the office, if you go more than 120, five plus 600, sure, 243, you must be doing this much, otherwise if you become so important, then I said this Ravi, I am not able to do very strong Maths, so no problem, okay.  So you * * * So you understand that you do not keep simple interest, if it is in this Microsoft Excel or big apps, you will put money in it, if you are going at this time, if you put the rate of interest in potatoes, then you will total it out, how much is that?  Will tell you, will tell you here and then you will also get a comparison because it happens that you hear the rate here, still model kitchens are available in many places, they are available like this, okay, you are getting water, that is seven to eight ten lakhs.  thing is that Sometimes the builders give things and sometimes they take it, we should also listen to this that when you invest, neither does it cost a lot of money, if you build it, it will cost a lot of money, so it is necessary to make comparisons, but with a careful mind, give them a festive and hot Puri. So there is a need to go in the cold and what happens many times is that by showing the fear of transaction in the market to the rate of a stuck resale, it is getting 5 minutes, it is also getting it, so it is also getting one, now it will be one.  The boy had to go to someone's wedding, in someone's house, someone out of compulsion, then this one will go, neither will you, in such a situation, to take advantage of the torn public. Subscribe Market will never get a great deal of that you should get.  A good product, a good price, there is no great deal happening in this bullish market, just remember 10 is ok, patience is no great deal in terms of meaning that for the thing you got 70, it can't happen fear if  If it is available in 70 rupees, if it is available in a bullish market, then there must be a lot of problem in that thing. If there is not much miss price rate then it is going to be an all time hit from the share market. If it moves whenever then notice it, donkeys, horses, lame people.  When the horse is limping, everyone can be kept equal and even in that case, if the horse looks dead, then brother, his program is different because when his quarter is exactly the opposite, note this, Doctor, do you understand? I must have read a little, you must have.  in quadri  When you must have read, brother, it is the opposite, if Admit is correct then cheap is always most likely 99.90 is bad but expensive can also be bad, then in expensive case you have to call Delhi but in bullish market but it is being understood that it is a cheap thing and is telling.  Neither is there something wrong with the program. I hope you have understood. Please write. If you are not able to explain then please write and thank you very much.