That Hello friends, today there is a little deep topic, the video will not be very long, it will be short, it is support gel like this and getting control of life, what kind of emotion is there in Jersey, people are saying that one should be a Dalit, something Dhindsa will come, so come, it is okay or such a situation will also make you laugh.  So like and share [Music] I made a video, I will give about how to make corrections to these celebs, you must watch the best video, I will leave it in the description and yes  So you will definitely use this that we are Julie Julie, so we hate someone, something is good, then I want you to see that your life will go out of control in life, if you go on such emotions, then today I am going to give Guru Mantra.  It is a good note for you all to note that if you give too much importance to the things in life which are not under your control, then life will go out of control. This is how you give undue importance to things which are not directly in your control. Life will always seem to be out of control. Now this is a very deep matter. Look at this, what can be divided, I could flatten everything, the video will be long, but getting up in the morning is under your control, exercising is under your control, how will your body feel and look.  He will appeal that what is in your control, what is not in your control, how much someone likes you, how much increment someone should give you, how much salary should someone increase, how should someone behave with you, you are not completely under control, at least a little is under control, if you misbehave.  You will get decibel level only in the bus, it is a big thing, it is not in your control, so stop giving importance to these things, who thinks about you, who respects you, who gives you less, useless little fan images in his office.  If you meet, don't meet, leave it, it is not in your control, you did not get the car, you did not get it, you got a good printer, and there were tables in the office, name plates, small and big, are needed by the person who is going to come to the office, he does not give it to you. You are looking very smart in the politics office, you are focusing on these things, then you are in control of it, you have acquired so much knowledge within yourself, you have acquired so much value addition capability for others that you attract people and always felt in them.  C in life line is one, if I don't accept promotion in job then I will bring feeling from mine. Feelings need people to see me, so there is a feeling that some system will promote me which is one of my department.  Sit down, my friend, there will be an operation, it is of clan, you know everything about the system, but you do not have control over that system, it may fail you, it may not give you what you want, so what can you do now, can you bypass something? Can you make things constantly velvet in your life that at least these people should not have given you permission but if you want you then everyone needs respect brother, everyone needs some level of their own, no one is lax but that  If I did not achieve from here, then did I strengthen myself in something else so that when my value increases, you should know even a small thing in your office that I speak all knowledge, I know 101 things like income tax.  This is how you will get rebate, IITR price has to increase, you need a loan, HRA is like this, you will start attracting the most interesting things because common people do not go to CA, they do not even know this, I just do this. So you have to do this with Google, you are their walking Wikipedia and you know about things like what is CIBIL score, you have to see very interesting things like this, then once you take all this initial knowledge, you will start getting value from people and  Gradually people will respect you, it is not necessary that sometimes what happens is that the course is completed where we are wings, eating bread, that is a level, how can we oppose it, many times we think that I am this, I am this Guru.  will do and this All the organizations going up are like a diamond pyramid, the third person coming down here cannot sleep like this, so we have to go out and diversify, it is not a competition, so if it is a very technical field, there is information about relationship and investment.  If the information is less, then everyone is competing here and you too, go to this lesson separately in 2 minutes and understand the words of Charlie Mangal, whatever the country, in life.  2 mins bring knowledge till late persons, today I am successful in living in a good life, ultimately it's all about living in a good life, it's not about succeeding in this time, that's your blessings, your department, I have seen many mature teachers doing politics inside the school.  You have not become a teacher or you have not become a lecturer, you have made her your circle, you have made her a well, her school or college is the world for you, that university is you. Quaded, I have seen many government doctors fighting among themselves. In medical colleges, I was made the dean, he was made a braid below the dean, he got a good pen, he got a good stationery, he got a peon, he got some cars, let's fight on this thing.  Because they have defined their own syllabus, similarly there are people inside the corporate, they just got 10 percent of the race, he got 15, why didn't I get that much or did he get that much for me in that corporate? After the presentation, you have made your syllabus for all that. Please define the syllabus in such a way that those things which are under your control, do not give importance to those things which have to be given to you by someone, which are not within your control and to explain in life. What is in your control and what is not in your control, what is not in your control, do not waste time on those things, what is in your control, your body and your time, whatever is left, sell your time to get a job. are gonna  Talk about them How to Utilize That Time So Add Value in Your Sales Thought Why Begum Me Reservoir of Values ​​and What Will You Can Be Distributed To Model We Monetize Contract Monetization That You Decide Everybody Has To Decide What Was Them First Centrally Do It I See People Not To Install And Becoming More Entry Points Write What Is The Bottom Line  Don't Bhawan Trick Pani Thank You Are Worshiped