Shubhendu Hello friends, my name is Sumit Sangwan, I have come from the YouTube channel Father Name Sign On, Live Sutra and some channels, if you have not subscribed yet, then you can watch his videos and I discuss on different topics in it.  This is my video in it, Money Mindsets Series, a list will go to Money Marksheet Series Video Number Three, in that I have told different prices for investments, in investments, I had told in that that it is the best.  If the train of 10 is going on, if you want to roast from zero then how to catch something at 1020, many people had asked me this question. Thank you Bunty, please tell us, so I am making a video of one of the things which is at 1020.  I am doing it, so I have identified what it is, I will tell you about it today, that is, Yes, Miniature Art Buildings of Udaipur, Mini Art Paintings of Udaipur for investment.  It is 208 which I have in my collection, starting point is 1.5 light and in between there is a special soldier price that Meera has a very nominal profit margin because it has to be run by a family and it belongs to the artist, so in the comment I have taken the paintings and from you. If anyone understands my investment and wants to connect then you can connect to meet all my WhatsApp number which is 9005 coming from this thief Aurangzeb.  The giver returned on time, the artist, up late, in this place near Mathura, many people ran away from you at that time, pimples were petite, for so many years Bhagya went to Nathdwara city, Udaipur side, those people are in the kingdom of pimples and Rajputs, they had their protection, so the heritage of that 8 is still there.  There are hardly 15 to 20 printers left, the old ones and our children are no longer learning painting and regeneration, very few are learning it.  And these eight will end, their valuations will sunrise in the next five-ten years, this is how India welcomes none middle-income country, the valuation of these things is the same as if you go to America, it is a developed country, those are their daily missions.  I came up with this idea when I went to visit Udaipur for three days and made the sentence out of fact that was extended and in four days I learned a lot and a lot. After learning something from there, I got it invested. I noticed that the tourists who come from here and from Europe take away so many of our paintings at very nominal rates, which are very nominal according to both, all of them are Lord Ripon.  It is very easy for him to go there. I told him about my life that we have given it to him and our artist because of the habit of selling Bigg Boss water to us, but he still happily took it. Because if you have value in the market, then why can't we promote our art, our culture, then I will give you a small ad answer in that, about the paintings, what is this painting, these colors, all of them are there in it next9news  There are no artificial colours. No, it is not at all done by painting. Good work is done. The colors that come out of roots and plants are used. The water from tea leaves is used in such natural things.  The ingredients are the same and are used in the same manner, hence the life of their paintings gets extended to 70-80 thousand years because they make a selection, treat it, dip it in special tea water and cannot tease it for 3 months.  So go to that level and learn things when you then eight valuations I have done I come to the parents then you are confident to invest things in the market then in that  I will show you a small sample of printing which comes in the set top three. This one too, look at the feeling of this one carefully, like Jaswant's fit is fine, it is like this elephant, horse, camel, three, 379 s was possible, this one artist makes it in seven days.  The board work used inside is gold work and if you look at it very closely, you can see how much detailing is there in it, as much as the detailing of a house, you got the sugar from a master artist, the other wise assets are also very cheap.  They are there but they are made exactly like children, you should remember a little bit of 28 in it, which is complete for me, for those who want to join, I will spread the things very well and give them, whatever particular thing you want to wash, time and detail in detail.  I will explain in this video, I just wanted to show what are these possibilities, how to do this kind of valuation, this set of three is made by himself, he has priced it, I give 90 rupees in my phone or cigarette level framing.  In this function, I will tell only one price, I will not tell about everyone in this video and I will not show the paintings. Those who are cricket curious and want to know can connect with me. If I do a valuation of this, then it is in Gurgaon itself, it is like a point on the wall, this paint is Its printed saree is ₹ 100 plus ₹ 70 charges for working in a day, so this printer should be a matter of that, but if we also spend money on it, then it becomes ₹ 5000 for seven days. He makes a set of jatin, it takes seven days to complete it, the wages increased for the period of ₹ 5000 friend, then he has to remove the colors by frog, he has used gold work, only cloth, framing, everything.  So if I am getting a phone in the final and I am giving it to you for nine, then no one can lose any money in it, meaning it can be lower than this and much better than willing to Chinese.  We give discount on items. If you want to give a gift to a senior, if you want to give it to someone on your birthday, or if you want to give it to a relative, or if you want to give it to a couple, then giving these things is very good and will be considered as the topmost item in my eyes and there is no Vaastu element in it.  It is also good Vikas ji, elephant is considered to be good luck, I am cute, love Sinha gives you horse power, it is there in everyone's house in Udaipur, but this master artist's collection which I have, however, it is not available, so there is no text on it anywhere.  will get This is because those people come together to collect paintings, they collect them all, no one sells them. I believe that if you put two to three lakhs worth of paintings in different paintings, then you can keep them in the house. Secondly, this is that Will appreciate and Prostate 250 Just like you have a daughter, she is a daughter, she is the one who will come, daughters will get married, if the horses are sour, if the mothers are sisters, then there is one gold, one tola ka Aanchal, how much money is 54078 small set.  Whatever you have taken, it comes to two-two and a half lakh rupees, so I am friends that it is not worth taking that much, but if the painting is for supporting, there should be a lot of appreciation in it, the paintings are very lovely, after falling in love with the cold, its mother's house behind it seems special.  And now I have paintings in wooden frame also, if you add them then I will give them their photographs, they are very honey soap, they are non- destructive, they have robot fighting and lower structure, no water is going to come from behind them, no weather is going to come. Kind  There is no chance of them getting spoiled but you will have to take some care if it is a painting. So this is a very interesting comment which you would like to add. You can add in this that the rates of paintings keep increasing as their story goes on.  It was said that if any packing but the themes to reduce Haldighati Shaurya will become very expensive then it will go in like share comment Neminath ji please which is selected in our bank account we will know who is responsible ji is the story of the pool that he  You were coming to a wedding and you were attending a wedding in the same days as Channel and West End. That wedding did not happen. Respect to reach. Every painting has a backstory, there is a back element, it is like that, look in the market, I will tell you the things about the eighth Bhushan, it is fine.  So in this, we are mixing all the different things according to different types - mutual funds, stocks, middle state and this also you can add a little spice to the portfolio, the best thing.  The gold jewelery is lying in the lockers, stuck on the shelves, some of it does not dry the eyes, sometimes there is some initiative, nowadays even she wears it, the old jewelery is Pattinson and Jaifar, but it is in your house.  It looked very natural and would also look good. Like a page too, you must have seen my videos. Even in petrol, there is no painting in the army, so this is a segment. Anyone who is interested in it can break it, I can share photographs with them.  I am and craft we can share and if anyone wants to take a little consultation on this Virat's how to quarter final then I can give that also normal 9987 A little fire for five minutes but for this they charge very very nominal  I will march piece by piece with rage because it is free, look, I will wait for you in time, then for the city, people will call me in their hands, I will vote as a nominal vampire, but torn. In 5 minutes, I will explain to you very specific things. This video is a channel video, it is trailer type, so messages have been introduced in it. Basic. If you want to do consulting, then they are in positive planets. They do not charge extremely nominal fees. They turned back and went back. Interested in you explain.  Thank you, don't panic, you want to invest in this, if you can sell it to someone and connect with someone, then they will.  Be very good thank you want to come to decide this first look of daily and I am smart thank you