Hello friends, today we will discuss the unique problem of President Home Wire and its solution. Specially, the new home wire is the first to go out, we will discuss its problem, what is the problem, I will give an example from the Gurgaon real estate market and its solution too.  I will tell you how much you people identify, write ID from the situation or if you have learned something, then definitely write that yes, you learned something, then the problem is this.  Yes, whenever a new project comes, it is a new product, its marketing is done immediately, the rates are told, the whole process takes its time, Dhamtari is told, certainly the customer takes time to decide, special first housewife this year.  3134 years old, wife, small child, PTET job, Vitamin C job, but the inventory that comes out is very fast and decision making is not possible and because of that, it feels like something other than a year old.  This is the biggest problem, if the budget is Rs 1.25 crore and if the item is reduced to Rs 1.5 then he is not ready to spend it on Rs 25 lakh whereas the money will go to Rs 1.25 in two or three years. Just as you have thought about the budget in your mind, the same will happen in the market.  The thing is not available in India and if it is available then there is a black and yellow taxi whose trajectory is below the mother who is in the meeting today and will be 122 next year.  It will be 119, in the next one year it will be 115, so that is the same thing and the transitory of one is because of migration and amenities and now in the questions like electric charging points are being provided, the other facilities of the vehicles are not as per the requirement, then that.  What is a vision that the customer takes the decision, I will tell you and the solution is also hidden in it, Reason has not been in the real estate market. Certainly the real estate market is the market of Gurgaon, this state is somewhere in the whole of India, I don't know anything about it because I have to do a job, I don't want to buy a property, okay, I don't want to buy a property, so why should I know what is happening, then suddenly I  Money comes from somewhere, it is intoxicating, it cools me from somewhere above, with the sun, take taxes from parents, take home, take home, then I get dried up like this, she has to buy a house, she does it for the wife.  is also very  Done, I want to buy a house, then something comes to me and then I go that this is a 1.5 crore 11.61 shades, then you will not understand Detroit, Everybody on Dance, that Bigg Boss should always be a window into real estate purchase.  You will have to buy ghee, you don't have money, who knows, some fabric may be lost, who knows, the plot you had may be sold, or your father will sell it and say, something gets sold as soon as you offer it, ask yours.  If it is there, then take it, then will you know that night itself what should be taken, then you will keep asking, whatever opportunities are there, their timing will not be so sweet that they have come to you in September and it will be launched in September itself and the first unit of  Only he will get the handkerchief, he will have to keep it ready, it is Dhak Dhak, is n't it, yes friend, I have kept it, he is Bigg Boss, this is what people have to go through, this is the new generation but the old generation has very dirty properties.  The request which was made to them in the old times is very real, to earn property by spending full money, one thing is that in scientists, people did not get loans at that time and the interest rate on these loans was 12, 13, 14 percent, then it and the back had never been easier.  To make a profit and never been easier, to make a property, keep this thing especially first and second, when you become very cashless, there is a lot of property, then there is a different system.  It happens, but in the beginning there is one thing and it is there in everyone, brother, if not then the first property is the pregnancy and when you go for delivery, what do you do, then you have to do it, if it is not happening, then what do you do? Good hospital subscribe, you leaf and the same thing, a good location, a good and there too, if you do something then it is not that when the delivery is done, there would be an expense on Facebook, then that thing is here and you will go to get the jewellery, top brands are like Tanishaa  Etc. The jewelery is very first class, the rate is good, the making charge can be kept at Rs. 25, it is very good, if you want to see, there will be a lot of things for the first time in life, first job, first love, husband's feet, first marriage commission, everyone's first beauty's marriage will also happen. Then the first child, the first, the first, the first, many don't have to be worried in advance, they have to be happy, they buy the first car first, Subhash is nervous, this is the first time, take something, can't you get a better car than that, but look at your budget as per the budget of the boy.  roam around  If you are a Creta or above vehicles with remote then in a few days you will search for 50,000 rupees in the same vehicle which is priced at Rs. 6 lakh to 7 lakh, drive it for a while, read the review and buy it. It is the same phone as you thought.  If I get a loan of Rs 10,000, I would have said, what happens many times? Take a phone worth Rs 10,20 thousand, this is the light of the relationship, there is no research in taking a loan of Rs 1.5 lakh, it is in the name of the brand.  It is also sold, it is a very big thing, what is it cut in half, who eats it, okay, Apple A for Apple, so when they come, who asks what is its review, what is its specification or or you grabbed it John, the question came.  Or any other brand which comes with expensive phones, need research, devotees of Rs 10,000 do not buy Rs 1.5 lakh because they are going for something else, then you know this thing that B. Indra Market, if you are in the market.  not inside  If you have then you must not have ITI, what is happening Prem Mary 10 minutes ago I heard it great in Gurgaon market, I will also tell you in detail, files will be deleted everywhere, files are understood as digits, if you have four digits and five digits then there should be five digit rates.  If we go to the super area, tell us if there is carpet, then keep it well in advance, then the Fridays of the super area will be great, the market is doing its job, slowly the realization of this thing is coming.  Whatever you are or are not people or children, you have to clarify the question that I did not like this, it can be told that also to help but there is no one there, suddenly in a day the decision-making is done by the one who  Something like and surprised unit test and exam, which suddenly gives third place, then it is comfortable for the student who was studying otherwise we will say, we will tell you to me, don't tell, it is like a test but  Decision making is done by 19 people who are connected in the market, like you people are connected to my channel, you stay connected through Vinash, so whenever there is a webinar on any topic, then you have to join, find out the rate and open a diary of yours.  All because if you mention it in the diary then you will not remember the death rate. How will you remember how much will you tell? What is the final rate, then the name of the project should be kept, the date should be fixed, what is the rate of the date, what is the project, take a few minutes to read it. Make notes and what is its size, its 2BHK is of such size, free so-and-so and their final rate, that will be your real data, this will be your real data which you will go to DOTS or see this report somewhere else in the newspaper, real estate price rise and this is all the story, anything.  If you tell anything about the average, if its rate is increasing then its rate is increasing, its is falling, then it is big, if it falls, then its net will tell you this, then it will never tell you the thing at the project level, not the thing at the entry level.  Address  If it will work or not, then you will know. Do you all want to get involved? Subscribe that whenever there is a project which is at least my subscribers, be it Project Chaff Double Housing, be it Deendayal, which girl is that girl and the story, then note down whether she will do it or not.  If you do this then you will invest in your house. Like and comment that it is expected that it can happen. You see this, after that you will have to apply your mind because the rates of any upcoming things will be less.  There is no less sugar than being there, no less sugar, no one who seems as attractive to you today as you, on the scale from zero to fund, no one will look more attractive than her, that is the big message reached today, you are looking a little better than a deal, you are like that person with settings. But if you are going, then tomorrow will not go into it's something, if you like it very much then you will subscribe more than that, then that thing is captivating, subscribe finally.  Released and now the rate is a big ray and sometimes I need to take calls with awesome times, not taking a decision and weekly especially when we are clear whether we want to take the thing or have to take it, then disposal of message you  People have any viewers, please write in the comment section, I will try to answer, you can send it directly to the WhatsApp number given by me. That too in 2448 hours You will get a reply Quote Please Amazon Amazon That I want to ask a question Please your question I want to buy property in Gurgaon 25 messages have been received 14 lines can be written My budget is this lineage on my apps and  Am Looking Forward For This List Might Matter Than That Specific I Have Short Listed ABCD Which One  This is from waste oil. Now don't ask that brother, Vikram consultation fees will have to be paid. Okay, so if any questioner whose answer can be given truly no air chief like this, then it is free of cost. For that, you can join us. Meghnad 323 506 घर घर घर घर खर का लक्स क्या सुसक्रिके तो हैं तो है जिने विबानर प्लिज विक्रम प्लैटिनम मेंबर because any learning 45  I ca n't fall on the magic of minutes and I don't like bank consultation for people to feel comfortable like one crore 181 flights from small thing to a big thing that guy thinks 30 CR 20cr multiple portfolio multiple properties multiple then it's okay he will grind again  I enjoy it and go to consultations so that the price is small, join me in the webinar, join me for free and spoil the platinum members.  Platinum membership course is going on, you can please see that video of yours in it, there is so much delay in it, there are 575 small videos of 3 minutes in it, keep them covered separately on the left side, these are 3 videos on the balcony that  There is a video on your kitchen, there is a video on this as well as on your room, there is a video on this in the bathroom, everything is not left out in the video, there are more videos to come, 5550 will be released now, 10 15 more are going to come.  Please join and Plunder and then on that, dishes, questions, questions, ask again, if not, then there is no market, I got a passionate job, after that, we had to prepare, we learned as soon as we got the job on the link, brother, the money per year is 10 12 14 15 20 25 lakhs of ours.  That property is coming worth one and a half, two, two and a half to three 45 crores, so this is a huge expense isn't it and all your salaries included in it are fifty.  It is more than the percentage. Anyone who spends 25-30 per cent of his savings goes to 25 cents of bread. To eat bread, water is also required. If no one consumes more than 40-50 per cent, then look at his savings. Look at the ratio of property.  So take savings property, well in this show you will realize that you cannot buy a house in 10-12 years of service, this is a big ticket price and one day the opportunity will come that brother, this  And this is the rate, this is the project, this is the thing I have taken, tell me, I will tell you right now, so this is the limit, okay, if you lie down, give it to me in one day, in two-three days, as many hot pakodas as you want.  If you are hot then let us know then if you are not satisfied with me then if you keep it in advance then at that time the decision making is the responsibility message to be in the market for it came out now we are in this deposit coming late  From Dwarka Expressway Subscribe Subscribe This is okay this is then go and buy a gift then in 15 minutes you will hear so many if you buy property, watch so many videos thank you