Hello friends, on this channel, practical bread is given the most importance, whatever advisory is given or thrown or idea is given, it is not only in these eyes that wallet should work in your life, so in this series, I want to give one idea that  You guys tell me or how is it, what do you have to do for this? There is a small hook card from any stationery shop which has a calendar on it, which can fit inside it very easily, due to which all the days are January.  The days from 1st to December are the days when Markandeshwar is taking your card, that you will not be given time to think, your time will be stolen and you have to focus on two things in life. No one's focus is on UP, you check the recruitments happening anywhere, the rates are going to increase or decrease, check again whether the master degree share market calibration is more or less, this will be the setting of the first telegram group target, these targets are ghosts, everything is fine in the world.  is property You have completed this one, buying property, buying from the share market, what will your child do in life, what will be his education, there are many things which I told you, if you utilize your day properly, then that thing.  You have to cream that day and the day you wasted your time, you have to always carry it before sleeping. The month of January is also coming to an end, so that is not enough, you have still completed it and whenever you look at it in general, you  Must be speed is coming this and red  That life is not like this, some day someone will waste your time, someone will steal your time, some relative will party only when we don't want to, some friend will call you who doesn't want to know us or will force you to waste your time in the office, spoiling your mood wherever you are.  You planned your growth as per your own and that day you became fat, you lived that day as per your own, maintain your obscene fat peace, it is yours and on that day where you had no control, you got angry, someone got angry with you. was guilty  If it was someone else's fault or if it was someone else's fault, then in one or two months you will start seeing the patterns and you have to answer very fully, it is okay, you have to click very carefully as to what to do in the end win, every day's agenda.  Must be to learn something new is everyday we can learn something new so if you increase 1.01 to the power 365 then it becomes 3071 meaning St Kitts and New Zealand is 56001. Know one new thing and if you do it, then you can answer in the comment section, how much will it be if I cancel the point note 368 times, then how much will it be if you are reducing one percent and are not learning only one thing. Sister, every day you sleep, you should be happy, there should be a diary, write in it, how to eat here today, what new thing you learned about your fans, relationship, you can be of anything, there should be a new thing, a new idea which rally white in your life.  Anything can be done to the car, launched Sixty Five campaign, when to service the car, which insurance policy can be taken, what can be the medical insurance, who can take credit for home loan, how should the house be bought and sold, in the name of a woman  But if dance at home should be taken in the name of the man, then this reminder should be taken above. How should the rains be taken? What about children's education, what can happen next for children, how can networking be done and communication. These are all measurable things that can reduce your skills. This will happen only when you stop watching this useless TV and the rest of your time which is occupied by you can be freed up by writing in your diary every day that today these four people stole my time.  And I did not get any benefit, so if you see the pattern, then in general, first of all, put in which real dairy and then put its result. The result is the card or you are always saying that it is from the calendar. Do you have anything special about it, whether it is red or which?  Green comes half that keep two Just touching yourself will turn you green and the day is green, if red then it remains and gradually the patterns will keep increasing or how did you like the video, you tell me BS, even a quarter of an inch, Sponge Award for Advice, Investing, Share Market, everything else, something  Learning something happens everyday, you are not watching the share market on the bank share, watching the lion, now you will find on the channel, the topics of share market and equity in waiting will also start coming. Platinum was going on for many days but  Little by little, you will also start getting things like what are the misconceptions in them, what should not be done, how much is the police size, how much is left, how much is left, how many numbers and share of sweet corn, you will also get all that information. It would be nice if I put it on a balance plate for you in which  All the ingredients: Carbohydrates, Proteins, Vitamins, A balanced diet. How did you like this idea and video? Please comment in the comment section. Please bring that card today and start from tomorrow.  How many more people will start doing then write down all this till I will get, eight is fine, it is a little long line, this I will get pad toe, if I felt it, 50 people also agreed, then I mean I have the passion from within.  You will enjoy giving such ideas. If you like this video more than 200 times, I will keep bringing more such practical ideas in it. Please, it is very short and simple, normally people do not discuss but tell. Keep discarding this is your report card that you are carrying with you every day. How did you like it? Share this video with your friends circle and relatives. Thank you.