Hello friends, this is a video of job series. There is a pillar problem. I have seen its pattern in my consultation, hence I am discussing it with you. Share it with your children who are about to start or have set up a job or are in the job market.  This is a very important thing and this problem is seen in the families of upper middle class and Mrs. Father is an officer in the government. This child will have 28-30 years of service. 21  22-23 year old who is coming in the market, father's salary is three and a half lakh rupees, including HRA, he got everything, father's salary is three and a half lakh rupees, his income goes to around Rs 90 thousand, around one lakh rupees and that of the child.  I am looking for a job for 25-35 thousand rupees. I am in one list in One Pinch of the Father. This is becoming a very censored disappointment for the parents and even for the child because there is water.  Puncture earlier job was available 10 2015 2025 years ago, the son's job was almost 50%. If the father is at the same level, that is, if he will rise above the poor level, then the son's job would have been that he would have  There is a dilemma, no dilemma, this channel is for middle class, actually it is fine, then that problem is coming if your child is looking for opportunity in government only.  He is the one who is earning three and a half lakh government officer with 28 years of service. If his child is in the best scenario that he becomes an officer on a group like him, then his salary will be around Rs 150, Rs 5000 is the starting basic. Alarm swells all. Daily lakh special class two to about thirty five percent of the father's salary, so it will be considered a distance and different that a class one third  If it is the father's level then there are satisfaction labels and yes, but when the satisfaction level is looking at 110th, sir, then I have to tell the children especially that if you never start with a thirty-five-thirty job, then never start with a 40 50 60 70 80 90 one.  It will not happen and I see that children between the age of 22 to 26 are wasting 4 years of their lives for finding something.  Very very great, from 18 to 22, I have done my studies, I have done graduation, I have done competitive exam, I have a heart to threaten so and so, I have put it into it, now Navodaya Landing, Upcoming Job Market, thinking and understanding has transformed a human being into God, now I will do MBA, now I will do some job first. Then do it MB First look after the worldly affairs a little, earn a little money, it's better to take some more batter as I have been preparing, rather than sitting at home waiting for death. Just give them, the energy levels of the house change because the energy that the parents give to the child sitting at home is not very good and the child also gets the feeling of worthlessness and this energy should have seen this application in many houses. For girls and boys, girls, what is the difference, I am not making any difference, the girl is sitting, if you tell someone to me, even at the age of 22, they will make you work, I do n't want to get married, I don't want to get married, which is not.  If you have to do something, then what to do, at least do a job, not a lot, because father is 2535 40, it is okay for us, so if there is no job, if there is no marriage, then what to do, will we prepare for IAS or study something else? I have done BA.  So we will do it, even if we do it, we will add fragrance, so we will pass the time, a very large section of Indian children, at the age of 2126, I am telling the five year old's favorite, we are passing the time, who is behind to blend in it?  This is because the parents feel that they will do something and after five years of being a good and good listener, the amount of Rs 35 lakh that they get was better than this but in 26 years, you can get a lot more than this through your hard work, networking and worldly understanding.  You can reach great heights because whatever you do 2223 me Roy has the energy to roam around for 14 hours and do something, that energy is a little less vintage and goes very well on the strength of wearing 26 27  It's 2627 The Time For You To Start Searching Life Partner People Are Roaming For Jobs Till 26 27 Wait Till 28 Then Life Partner Is Getting Delayed By Forceing Everything If Ko Is Being Deleted Due To Region Then It's Ok Also  I am doing a greater good for the humanity and Mulayam and my mission and this mission will finish dad I will get into ghar-ghar existence forcefully time pass and 22 years  From 26 years to 26 years of magic, a child remains a child till the age of 18. Now there is something to be done in this, but from 2226 to 2627, whoever takes these four or five years, start it in life because you show people that  We will place it in Argus that you will do it in 22 and so on, then at 60 years, all that computing effect starts doing 100, my device is this.  To all the parents, what have you done and the child is starting to eat, so I told him that the best percentage is spent. The starting salary cannot be more than that, if it is also imposed on the group because it is so much then it is 3360 very.  If good is above 233 then I am holding for add and middle class. Now if someone's father is a clerk then his salary is only Rs 1 lakh 80,000. 70,000 When will I regret that this problem will be my own but I am walking with my addiction clearly defined and depending on it as an example that I am telling that the middle class has become the cup, the lower class is playing catch up and the tantrums of our blouse are not enough.  Thank you very much if you understand that I was going to tell you this thing, please share this last and now in this series also.  Videos and series go back and forth, the job is good, it is useless, leave it, take the front, leave your job, it means that you will have to be marked like this, then there is a truth, you are you, this message is the worst thing inside it, catch my video, you will not understand it.  But if you think a little deeper that in the State of the Union Thank You