Hello friends, today's topic is the challenge and problem of government officials in real estate in the group and this video is from this problem, all the government officials are your relatives and if you are yourself then you will enjoy. Okay, so what do you guys like? I want to tell you about the problem that you have to face because only if you fry the entry on the problem then honey will get the solution and I have also brought the solution to the biggest problem for you people. What is the history of government group officers and will you come forward in the coming time, whatever is your social status, your city, the order in your group, this officer is a very big thing, if it is fine in the government then you can do it in any department.  You can, okay, and the facilities minutes that you get and the piece that you get are 3540 because this year's job provides nourishment that after retirement, you will no longer be financially that much that you can take, the old ones are doing very well.  Vaccines are living in big rooms in 500 yards Panchkula. In Gurgaon also, those who took two, two thousand, two, three, four, that too should remain big. Let's talk about today. In 2022, who are the officers of the group talking about today? Who retired and what?  He has reached the level, did not listen to him earlier, he first took 72 groups C and D and he also took them on time, after that we will talk about today, today's challenge is, you have just got the job.  If you have done this for 10-15 years, then the area in which you live and the house you get, its size is big and recent, 1819 92 thousand square feet, tell it according to the normal super area, wire pateria, normally, the officers who have 20 years of service castes.  1615 Those who live comfortably in the carpet are the ones who are well- fed and those who get tight closets as they become more senior, then further quick tips.  Today in a big city, you cannot complete that check in any normal department of an end group officer. He has spent his entire life wandering somewhere in the jungles. His retirement is from the big city only. It is a normal link because of the children. Due to the convention or when you smoke so much, you come to your big cities because the head quarters of which departments are in big cities, like in Delhi. So how many departments do you know of the Central Government? That song and state.  Government people also come to the capital, so if they are from Haryana, they will go to Chandigarh, okay, you all know this pattern, okay, so in big cities, there are very few people left to go to small cities.  There is a desire to go but there is a large majority who want to live in a big city. Earlier they used to go to small cities by choice. Now I see that they have to go out of compulsion because in big cities they are commensurate with their social status.  Status did not get the thing because the thing you open good jewelery is good I want this costing album now government employee with 34 cr ca n't buy taking loan sandals came from rich family and other settings got inheritance and other sunday some talk  Backward or don't know, he gave leave to recipe or time, there would have been many somewhere, those who had to buy property increased, best then that is a potent 215 person maximum eighth still  Normal Musaddilal who does PF Sorry to use these words but office Office wala arm note using category manner and you will get a simple turn The man is contracted in his job Job job Job job He is doing a job as an editor Office politics to get promotion here Now it's mine  No, then I got commission on my salary. These people remove the light of salvation. Well, my children's admission is done, admission is done, this is done, when will people's life get better by doing this.  It goes into 2016 and I do n't realize that I am pressurizing those people and those who are on it are already fine. Those who say that they are on leave, it is fine only on leave, Shaktipeeth editing and Punjabi situation is fine, then how many people are on leave, write this yourself.  It is okay to give on this holiday, this is the product for you people within Gurgaon which will come within your budget. This is the last and final building calls for all such people you don't have a budget.  2.53 or butter 20% 3BHK plus utility guddu space you want when there is a chance please connect with me up in telling about this in the last few days but there is still a chance to connect with you guys its like and last building call I will post this  I hope that the government employees of Gurgaon will not get their commission rate in any Friend Slot Fresh launch in the coming time, but you will get it at the price.  Because you are getting this thing worth 1.5 crores, it will be equal to my status or not, it will not be your headache cross match I am the number one related clarity Brian 10 and Honor and Established S also went so you will be ex and up doing this IS  intense pain in lower department group b and group cea delhi sparing that type file from government commissions type 65 free by doing this something is fine and different I understand the department by different colors according to the status and your album and hide details are told accordingly. Hey department, you understand that this one remains this one, this one is a festival so that one is top then this one is. This car will enter Gurgaon and the rates of this car will also be such that you will not be able to fold it in the coming six months. This is a very good video. It is being made. Please share it with your friends and tell on the group.  People have that and then it doesn't cost money to see it. Sister, you are right. Well, understand that this is a deep matter, we will not stop now, we will go to Haldwani and stay here, so we will go to Haldwani and remain happy in Haldwani.  You may go and live happily in Dehradun, you may go and live happily in Kota, you may go to Pathankot and live happily, you may go and live happily in Ambala, you may go to Amritsar and live happily, so you were forced to go and live there because you cannot live in a big city.  And your children will get jobs in big cities, they will work in big cities, if you were retired then there are facilities in big cities only, the big treatment facilities which are your CGHS type facilities, if you see the card and get free treatment, then those big hospitals have increased the set.  In big cities, even in a small town, your treatment will be free. If you are roaming around with the card, after retirement, your treatment will be free, but if you live, then you will know how many facilities are there, so where you can get the treatment, my house has to be free, just you.  Think in your mind that your treatment should be free, you want to go to the best, it means you are getting food for free, so every person should go for five-six semesters and then take the cord, if you are getting it for free.  If the city is big then plan today to loot and take advantage of the facilities available. Listen, then you can connect with me. You have to type alphabet and on this number given below. November in Fiction for November. Okay, so below you can  type  Do it and will run from this and you will get clarity and how did you like this video. If you want to put the name of birth, then I am this customer who is not able to see the truth and clearly. I know what is being seen. My heart beats for everything.  There is no one to tell about it, I have passed my age in the jungle, someone should call me on time and tell me, okay, no one else, that's why I did this in the government department, the competition to get into Big B is also a divine thing because you can see this in the next  Day  Now sitting here on Sunday, you come to know one thing, then the program is over, then you feel used and young and I tell the first one, I am the first one to tell, I have not subscribed the channel yet, like it. And share it, okay, then don't say brother, please tell me, if you didn't know, then today you can buy something, which at this time, Surat to you, status from this time, government group officer, Any good night, all departments, today you can buy.  Something comment Appearance to status Which is in your pocket That I do n't know the group officer of 20 years but everyone knows the basic, brother, above 1.5 lakh and below 10 depending on the season, if the agreement is done, then the agreement will be more, if not, then one and a half  Ads close to lakhs, everyone knows it is at your behest, 27 are famous, you live in a big city, deal with hotels, everyone knows the number and your salary is  2025 can be increased to 26, given that it is 34 cents, it is 34 cents, more than two, now you will get three percent increment, this is July and from July 1, it will be thirty percent, brothers and sisters, and the day fifty Europe will do the percentage, your 40% will become 50% and will not cross in the middle of the year, everything is set for you, all the question papers are out, government people, you are planning.  Will you do that, your job can be planned anytime, your husband is your retirement benefit, you can calculate your retirement data today, do you know it, then if you do not do it at this time, then when the Indian economy starts rocketing, you will feel it from next year.  Left Behind Today Government Employees Historically Have Passed Six Years From Pay Commission After six years have passed, the government employee starts feeling pain in Pay Commission but now  It is not happening because of the wait and order situation, all the old historical ones, which came in 2006 when the Pay Commission came in 16, if you remember, by that time, the government employee starts getting tight about the trailer and brother, when will he come, when will he come, when will the number come.  This time it did not happen, but it is not that if you urinate in a mean relationship then the cat will eat it, because the thing that is needed has been happening for four years, it will definitely happen, the timing has been delayed by 12 years.  Is it so make them on stopped banda egg kya make most and hagovind shining sun is shining ok IT people are doing a lot they are being operated for 4 years for 5 years so the government people are applying their mind to medicine  You also put the video, how did you like it? Some more special videos are needed for the government people because this is not only the effect from doing the job to launching in the job to the joy of promotion. Don't write or take like this.  If we go to the content then that can also happen because I am starting a different vertical right now I will cater for all types all it's my channel schedule of sutra 100 yes you will get lots of practical knowledge which works in the real  Life is ok I hope you all the video please share with like minded ok yes he was saying something right send it