Hello friends, there is good news for women home virus, we will discuss about affordable housing Gurgaon, which projects should be avoided a bit and we will discuss about it, I am so Bhuleshwar about Gurgaon, this is the government focus and timely intervention in all the issues which come like that.  If something like this comes up to tarnish the brand image, the government can quickly and effectively reduce it, so the news for Mahera home buyers is that it  It has been removed from the blacklist until the construction comment and the rate that you have paid is not received, then it is written in the letter which has been signed by the government officer that you do not have to pay, then that thing is decided.  This is very good good news, the 68 one was at a very advanced stage, it has opened for the rest also and there was talk of cancellation of some, we will do this, we will do that, all that will not happen, DTCP.  If you type a female letter on Google like this, you will get the letter. Okay, so read it comfortably in English and Hindi. Let us discuss further that some such players are now emerging in affordable housing who have no name at all. This is the first project of any kind.  There is no track record and no presence, do not apply to such people, do not apply to such people for whom no one is even calling you, just because they are on the site, because nobody is this date bed person's force, that bad.  If someone is not telling you, then don't ask him. This is also a fact. Meaning, if a shopkeeper is not keeping any item in his shop then maybe there is something wrong. Just don't ask now why he is not good at it. What happens to people?  This is a good word, do the same thing yourself, discuss how much detail, tell how much, explain why, now we don't know who are the players in the market, who has to do low affordable housing, who has got one project, two came and punch, six more is good.  Now!  Let me also tell you about the upcoming ones in the coming months, there will be players who have five-five-six-seven affordable housing, who also have presence in the Deendayal segment and that's okay, two such players will come in the next August, so all is peace.  If that happens then the rest of the priority category people will not be able to come out. Among these, more priority category people will have to check their calculations separately and I had posted the video about the waiting list last night. Now start watching my 9:00 pm show, my 9:00 pm show will not be available even on demand, no one will meet it, the show opens at 9:00 pm, whenever it comes, there will be a yellow thumbnail of their 9:00 pm show, it will be posted first.  You will also get a notification, so if you are watching this and you press the bell notification, then the notification of such a video will come and in it something will definitely be told that will be enjoyed by those who are watching it and they will enjoy it.  It is going to be available around one and a half hour, around 1.5 hours, at 9:00, give it a decent time, I am not saying every time it will be 9:00, but whenever it is at 9:00, it will be 9:00, understand.  It may be taken only for seven, eight or 10 days in a month, but it will be available on week days also, it is okay, for example, at 9:00 PM, if you see it, or that one is my standard, I also have a thumbnail of that.  If I make the same one then it will be written in yellow color with yellow and blue and you will recognize it. You guys are right that this one is the same, so let's leave the rest of this one aside and watch it. This time we will not get to see it, so keep the video team.  Watch it comfortably at your own time, there is no compulsion, now its purpose is to show it to many people, not to explain it, to show it to the fully engaged subscribers, so the affordable housing segment is as good now as it was a year ago. very much  This is a lucrative thing, you will understand later when there will be a case study of it. This thing cannot be found anywhere in India at this price point, even in a backward location of a backward village in a backward district of any backward state. More people are asking at this rate.  ok i have to do the best one respect de van vich are just first debu movie wale without other history you can go for it next month two will come i will cover about them thoroughly If anyone is still confused about the numbers in Affordable Housing, how much is it, then if you want a video on this, I will make a video on it. This will also be the one at 9:00 because in this I will give the exact data and figures. If you want  If you want this, then please write in the comment section, I will come sometime next week at 9 o'clock, how much affordable housing has come till date, what is the calculation, what is the math, what will be the rent, what will be the prices, I will also tell you this.  In the coming time, I am going to take the name of the specifications of the projects, its price will be so much, just like the stock exchange, it has such a price and it will be so much, I am also going to tell you like this, okay, that too will probably come at 9:00 because that too should not be told to everyone.  Okay, so please stay connected to the channel, if you are looking forward like this then subscribe, you will get very good information, by doing this I will tell you the status of affordable housing in Sector Van Vo now. This is how the position will be and it will not be sold for less than this, this will be his price, this is his rent and if you say it then how will it happen, then for that you will have to give a video that how can it happen by your speaking, how will that happen?  I will tell you how that thing happens, I will tell you okay, thank you very much.