Do you know that the topic is ok, you have it in a flat and a plot, people confuse it interchangeably, I will look at a pimple and tell you who were the people to be talked to in the North East, little knowledge, dangerous non-veg messages are ok, women have a lot of problems here.  It's because the man in the house doesn't know anything, he will turn it off, okay delete the bus, where is the stronghold, as soon as you listen carefully, there should be a door on the list, then you should be there.  You have to understand that if you have a flight by facing the East door, then in your case you will find frustration and sorrow in the lobby, and what else to do in English, where is the energy coming from in your house, it will make you laugh as per Vaastu Sammat, I will add Sove News in it.  Pay send send that first the windows should live like pearls, then the door had to come and the windows would also be there, the second thing was that earlier they had to return, there were no plants or there were lotteries, so many people in North India used to say.  This statement happened, the action is bad in the South, in his question, the rate of saving eight ten thousand rupees is for me, while he is a big fool, there is one region, even the effect is in the entire Gupta's favor, it does Ashtami for everyone, but in the Northern Hemisphere and Drosh is anti sir.  Edison is the best, so when this Vaastu was built and it was the first one built at a time when the line prices were not reasonable, the land is like almost free in Rohtak, I know.  What we lad dada ji had done in DLF Colony was the best of ₹ 3. Ok DLF Colony if you know these 1948 plots this place is plot 303 alarm and the house built on it is above 14 year old boy former alliance above  From Bharatpur, what was that Lantern Thakur Padma? If I get it, that is, I will continue to give time as I used to do. If you take protein, then see, you can remove it, but want you to understand that first.  The belt is Chanak, silver plated necklace, copper carat and all this, the plot was there, the plot was so big that a yoga house was built, it was built in a ready system, so there was a problem in the south, there is a lot of sunshine there and first of all it is summer.  Even if there was a PAC cooler, the interest was considered that if I have a man facing city shoot, it would keep me warm till then, it would be great, but today you have this product here, when did the person next door return?  Rakshabandhan is done, here is your plot, there is another account behind, when will someone else return, from three sides, you closed it yourself, then you did the direction, then such and such audio is done, now if Adi's traction goes north, then from there.  So the sun will never come and there is Sahu behind, from where it will come, there is a house built behind it, so you saw it and this is your party, not me, everyone is fine and the notification post office is reluctant, Kuber, who will save, Kuber's darshan is considered good. Whose treasure is the direction, tell me further, my friend, if you do not agree with Kuber and Saheb, then you need to do a job, these are the tips, seeing the morning sun of Jupiter, South West is the best light, not only in the morning, the sun will rise for you in 10 to 4 minutes.  Till now we will be able to see. Earlier, couldn't this state system be shown on the screen, there were windows too, this was not there, okay, everything is also practical, not just behind, but you have to take a flat. Today I will show you that there will be a discussion on it at 1 o'clock, then if the balcony is south-east of the south, it is best for you, the sun will rise in it, like this, this extra place was from the add, it was in the south, like this, it will sit in the west, it has nothing to do with the north.  If it doesn't happen, then if the child doesn't speak, then brother, you will get sunshine below that this opposite and acting, the frustration that this other people are right, this note is one thing, the other thing is that you have to pull the pass behind you, life is simple question to the devotees. Now I will describe it in complete detail in astrology that it has astrological aspects of healing and it will take a lot of time but I asked you a simple question, say flight is one because it is above because all direction is same.  Is n't it because the same thing is that whenever you ask for a bathroom on the balcony, above the waist, at the end of the room, then there is the same thing as the Vastu, so go to a tower, you are only 25 feet.  She is living 125 floors above the survey in a special school. It is important for you to abstain quickly from friends. Chapter note or hunter. She is the driver. She is going well with someone else. She is having children with someone and not her in studies.  They are doing this only through this, no one can become a robber. If you do the combination, then you should be selected. Otherwise, if you take one row for speed, then there are all the 15 houses in that row on the road. So, if you liked the off-colour Vaastu of 15, then it is all cardamom. This division has a lot of mass effect. Vaastu concentration is the most cosset, but people have left it specific to what extent. I deliver it to the bathroom in the North East in Hisar zone, but it is in the last place.  I do n't have the strength, why not tell me, there is a plot, I know the drivers who appear in the plot, Lord's direction is seen, let me see if you look inside the flight also. North 20, this is the South East and North East of the flight, so brothers and sisters, the bathroom should be hidden only then North East. These are the people of Holi. Hey brother, the keys to the clouds also have different directions. You understand this as I explain.  I want Malpua, you have a plot of one acre, it is very important to understand this thing, then when you will argue among yourselves, the lady will do the cooling, I could know and tell you, what a very expensive knowledge, you have bought a lot of plot for a tractor. Each cut is big, you got a plot of 4840 yards, now in the middle of it there is Chutku Rakshak 30 inch construction but so much of 4840 in the middle, exactly in the middle, till this, like all around them, Pune Pune, there is no Vaastu defect because everything is open.  Now in this you will say about which house also I have a well in the office, what is this, hey brother, it will be seen from the plot, this one boy will be seen, then his education is North and East, there you don't make a point but if  If you start studying in everything, then I will tell you a simple thing, understand Pandey carefully because this method involves depression integration in the world, but I would like to tell in simple language while getting on this side, understand that this is the last part of my plot. But this is my front okay understand carefully and in the middle is my last so how big is this note late 275 ok so what will I call it ish paisa specific it is pasting on the side This is the front and this is my back, this is the back side, depression is going to be integrated in it, now I say ₹ 100, now this is for bread, if I reduce this plot, how will it reach, still this thing is two, front piece package is the best, now I  If this and the small coach are okay then the British rule is favorable, this is waste, but if I plot it for one meter, do not leave any space for it, then tell me whether it has become such a thing or not, then this is the list, this is waste.  zero What I mean to say is that in all the products we leave space at the front and space at the back so that those who speak what they say are supposed to be, then by eliminating Vaastu Dost and leaving space at the front and back,  We eliminate 70% of Vaastu defects. In this connection, all the houses in Delhi have Vaastu defects that if you first make a specific one then you can give it the width. It is very important that in Delhi, friends, whatever border you have  There will be a lion on the same plot of plot, so now if you make this point in the notice, then it will become junk, then the stairs will go, then if it is complete, then Vaastu in Delhi is not imported in this very very hot water and HUDA sectors of Gurgaon.  So that we can leave it behind the government and those who are rich should leave it everywhere, I will finish it, if you left it everywhere, then that production had to be worked out, you put energy in it, put air and put it, you understand.  If you like these basic things, then it is okay, now if you explain things in such a simple way, then this concentration will make your chest full, then there should be a kitchen flower here and there should be water at the bottom, so it may be that water has been poured in the fire angle. Who all say that everyone should have the same meaning but neither should they finish the corner. Have you ever said that the rich people buy plots and build them in BJP, which only eliminates all Vaastu defects and now this Vaastu defect is automatically eliminated.  When the net pack ends, it is standing like a flight and is open from all sides, so today I will show you at one o'clock, talk about whether it is successful, if it is opened suddenly, then you should think about the Vaastu Shastra that the person who has built Antilia is the richest man of the country.  It is made of Bhai Saheb, it has increased so much in Bhai Saheb, there is an open revolution from all sides and if what happens many times, then the length will be so expensive, if you say everything, then I can leave the length of foot wide, but even then I have enough energy to take it.  go so high  Well, my friend, there is air all around, it is ok, I hope you understand, first the basic thing, biggest after that, recording deficit is ok.