What happened was that Hello friends, today I have brought a slightly different and interesting topic. I have added extra oil, subject to verification, to the field of astrology and interesting things related to Vastu. Normally, these two things are in Thrive in Fear and Greed. I will tell you something which is a little different and implementable. Subscribe.  If you haven't done so then appoint this normal Vaastu bathroom in your house and subscribe to the channel. Chittorgarh can never lose in any house, on anything, it does not mean that we have sat down with tomatoes, I will tell you some small things, subscribe, I will tell you in this video, the video is going to be very interesting, President in the video  So share this video, subscribe the channel and do n't forget to subscribe subscribe subscribe share this video with your friends share with your friends  Because I think the first thing is that those who live in grand houses, those who live in government houses, they should go to Vastu and get their links and Vaastu Aana also tells them something. In government houses and in west houses, you can use them. If I could, I am going to give this video about these people to help them. If you liked this video then I would like to say that first sutra gas is a black box in your house which you have collected for many years.  There are many stands on which you name yourself with white. Throw them away. It has become a bit difficult for everyone to take the youth. If you believe, because astrology seems to be subscribing to all these things, then if anyone can do it then I will tell you. You can do it as much as is suitable for you.  If you are engaged and in the same way you will benefit more easily, then first of all I told you that you should give your time to get the packing done by World Tractor, whenever you go from one place to another place, you will get all the electronic items, washing machine, all these things.  All go to the quiz from the original company, some are not in favor of iron and wood, so there is no need to do much else and if for some reason you can't, I love you so much, please change their color, have a lot of fun if you subscribe.  If you do it, then reduce it in some way and in this video I will tell you that whoever is interested in the logic of the video, if you are curious to understand it, then please comment me, there is no charge, it is free and I will explain to you the reasoning of all the things in a very easy manner.  I will give you, we are astrologer and conduct class, it is ok, so it is one and the same, give black box effect for seconds, show the film to him which is free of yours, check that you live in a government house, come ruling, cleaning its appearance will reduce your expenses, you will get a lot of happiness in the house. Now you will say, yes, we live on the ground floor, there is no beauty above, there is no beauty in our house, brother, there are evil powers in our house, come back and say, where are the pet's belongings kept in it, please support, clean them, get them cleaned, get them tested.  it  Two things were created, boxes became the second part of your roots, 9 third point, through which if you have got a village walnut house, you have got a government house on the front, then it will also have a courtyard, it will be famous, it will be at the back, it will be in the front, right, it is very clear to you.  And it is better to keep your baby, if you do not have two children to maintain it, then please do not accept it or say that I have taken it, sometimes this happens due to the situation, that is why you get a house among them if your husband is not nearby.  You are far away and have children, you are in Beijing, you do not have a support system, so in such a situation, you have placed a demand for thousands of rupees, keep it for ₹ 2000, your annual expenditure will be 18,000 20065, but you will get a lot of benefit and the actress has played a loss, you cannot help, unruly bush hand.  Overhead doing wrong causes a lot of harm, so whether you follow it or not, you must follow it, it is very important and if someone has Tulsi in it  There is a Tulsi plant in the house and it is dying, so please, nothing can be worse than this. Don't blow the Tulsi plant. If you cannot do ATM, you can have a meeting only then it should be done in a friendly manner. Don't keep it aside, this one is your third one, very important.  This is the fourth time, if your husband is tracking you too much in your life or you have to do intoxication, someone in the house is doing a lot of intoxication, it may happen that Halwa is very important for you.  You should check in your house whether your Brahmin curtains are hanging, these brown shade ones are starting to break, if they are hanging and there is this condition, then please change them while reading this, then this is a sutra, this is the fourth Yagya, if you see such a thing.  If you like it then now let me tell you the energy of good color. You will make your particular difficult. I will not tell you to wear it the whole day because it can be the whole day. You will have to wear this dress which is your dress. You should wear it anytime in the day.  So on Sunday I should tell you, like this one in a suit, I am doing this trick, so you should have this color like this, in which sun you should have the color and composition, then appoint a person on Tuesday for Sunday and Monday.  You can grade on Friday and subscribe Indian, its color is blue color, by wearing it you will energize these planets and you will get many things, you will be connected to the channel all the time, like this is a condition, then this is a family and if you can do this, then it is very good, not like you.  would have been  So, you can do this dupatta as soon as possible, basically, the salwar is of the same color as the Chief Minister, it is of the top 20 colors and many people of that color go to that extent for sabotage, but that is as much as it is.  Try as much as you can, do it for 2 months and there will be peace in your life and no one is telling you to spend well, we have clothes of all colors, on a particular day I am telling you that you are in that country. Wear it, okay, the fifth and sixth sutra is for blackening your hair. If you have pain in your bones, you are a lady in the phase, you have arthritis, you do not do volume, it comes down big and runs away, people whose appointment is done quickly, I do not have it in my body.  It does n't do this but if this one doesn't seem very interesting to you, call me, comment on WhatsApp, I will tell you everything, yes, I will explain the logic, then the points will be reduced, so your hair will not turn black.  If you have to do with your parents' hair or you yourself are planning to eat more at your age, how many people do you have to impress, and let's say that you don't think it is right to make mine black, then it is better to make mine white.  If you do n't feel like I have to do something then please set brown, less than black medium, accept the amount that comes to its branch head, set your profit, don't do black, okay and try this for two-three months, tell me how much difference it makes and last seven. superman i will dp I can make a separate video on your DP. Talking about WhatsApp DP, if you find it interesting then please comment to me. I can make a separate video of 7 to 8 minutes on DP alone. This is much more than this.  It would be good, right now I will tell you only one thing on DP, tell you people in our WhatsApp, what happens below is that you send a message to someone, if someone sends you a message, then you go to duty in it, many times people have made such a selection.  What happens is that you send a message to them and the blue tick does not come, what is the reason for that, I have not understood this logic till date, I don't even know that I did not read the message to Chakli but due to which there is confusion and many things go wrong.  You have your Jupiter also, if you don't tell then there is a 10 minute reaction on this one thing, there is a 10-15 minute explanation on everything, so I can't make a video of that minute, but the person who  It will be connected, I need to print it like this, I will try but I have a request to those of you who do this, you do this feature in your WhatsApp ID for your DP, do not do it for a month on my request, see how it feels, illness, money. Peace, happiness, this is what I have told you about seven sutras, all of them are linked to these things, tell me how you liked this video, subscribe to Kayan channel, forward things along with it, fear among people in astrology, astro Vaastu and all these things and then  Of  It is running on Element so it is a bit slow but a positive was beautifully normal only good astrologer king it can fold the strings is ok but many things which are available for free does not mean that the value is less as a human being I am noisy in things  Do n't tell me much about the expensive thing, you will do it like snakes, you will give me feedback in ninety days, there will be a very positive change in your life, you give me feedback right now.  Cook till then and subscribe the Channel and dont send my number absolutely question your accounts on