Hello friends, today I am going to tell you something from my personal perspective, so in this space, things were told for money, now it is being told for free, so watch it completely and if you like it, then I have given the option of thanks to the YouTube channel. Only for the latest creators, you can thank the brother of the one who crosses, you can thank him for how much, I want to thank him, he was the real one, that is, he was the one with money, from the time, he was the one with money, so do it because then I  I will remove all the things related to this stomach concentration and then when I will not be able to eat bread then do the things I told you about, so today we are going to talk about Vaastu because there is a lot of confusion in the Vaastu of planets and now I  Such Next Launcher is of such Vaastu, today I am going to explain it very well and tell you all, please watch the complete video in this manner and if you understand it, then write below that you have understood, thank you, it is okay, you can say thank you or also. Okay, so first of all you need to know that Vaastu is a generalized thing, people have said that in North East it should be in the bathroom in Ishaan corner, it should be from this and see I tell you that. This is applicable, this code is not working, but Vaastu is visible from the chart of every person, when he was born, there are stones in the chart and in every house four people live, six can also live, so every person is different.  If it affects you then how can you never be the property?  You can have a glimpse of everyone's life, many people have seen the name of the owner, if it is not there, it is a fact of what is there, being straight, Vaastu does not know who is the owner, if the name keeps changing on the paper, then the object should be there, it will be done.  If today you are not there, you have given it to your wife. If the wife gives it to her son or daughter, will there be any change according to Vastu, where are the planets of the person living? So, I would like to tell you with some tips and some logic.  As you see, you live in a 140 floor building. There is a flight above every flat. All the flats above that are cut copy paste. There is a Hussain in the bathroom above the bedroom. Hundreds of people were waiting inside it, so all are forts. If the Vaastu of that flat is bad then it should be bad for everyone. If this shoulder is good then if everyone is good then this happens. Play ringtone part. How is your life going? Will someone tell you that someone's marital life is going well?  Someone's career, someone's something is not going on, someone's album is flying, someone is earning money, he is sick, everything lasted for a long time, tell me the details because even taking this practical knowledge which cannot satisfy the normal practical curiosity is no knowledge at all.  If you have ever thought about it, it is the Caribbean, so now what do people do wrong? They call the flight room the one that opens to the east. We need the door that opens to the east. If you people, what is the benefit of it because it is good in it, why minimum?  I told you this, I have heard this, my wife told this, I had read this letter, I am getting it at home, so Jahangir Khurram, give me the lift lobby, the direction of your plot becomes so important, the plot of 100 yards is 150 yards.  Friends, this is a plot of glass, so this is its raw direction from the front, there is another slot here, so nothing can come from here, and there is a slot here too, so nothing can come from here, and one at the back is also made in the front and  back in Delhi  So keep everything like this in Delhi, in Gurgaon all the chips are joined a little in the morning and do this. Okay, so when only the light has to come from the front, only the wind has to come from the front, then the direction Vikram is important, even if the plot is 360, then I have stopped it.  If I can't even move my neck, ca n't even move my back, not even here, you become very important to me, I know what's ahead, I want to see some good dance ahead, call me, if everything is broken then my Dena, I enjoy this, this is what I see, if it doesn't look good here too, then I look here. If I don't like these three places, then I look back, but when I see here, I can see, Dena, I will be too much for the time, Singh, flight corner.  Flight me three and half which is that I made a huge video in plot and flat in which I had explained all these things so the architecture of flight is normally normally I am speaking in every project point  Daaba Fat Ki 236 That's why even in plots like this, what do these friends do to distance themselves, that if you leave the place ahead, leave it behind, then I am not able to get out of the place. When I left the North East, there was no bathroom built in it. Nothing wrong can be done, what is the best thing about this slap? If you want to build a house in the middle among thousands of friends in August 2002 and open it from all sides, then open it from all sides, now it is North East. hey if in this  People used to say that it should not be here, and sometimes someone drank everything in the bathroom in the direction of its boundary wall. So, if I see a camel carrying a site, there is a lot of multi-storey apartment in the plot, then I see a sewerage treatment plant in it.  Where is my swimming pool, where is it, according to the direction of the plant, what is the Vaastu and Yagya, which water can be used here, it is the architect who is doing it at that level, you are at the level of your flat.  But when it is open from Goloktirtha side then it is not very much applicable, I will not call it zero at all but the way it is now, if you book a flight then a customized consultation will be done but I would like to tell you that whatever is your bathroom.  If the thought is on the side then that too becomes North South East West. You can press any thing less anywhere. For example, if this distance of the plot is 30 meters then it is West, it is favorable. Okay then depression.  The one who has used integration will understand it a little better but I will try to explain it to a normal person also, this is the next part of the plot, this is the previous part, this is good, it is good, it is good, it is west and it is 30 meters if I reduce it.  I reduce the cloves, leave one meter on one test, leave one meter, then this is this tag, this is the waste and if I do only this, then this history will be this recipe. If you understand what I mean, if I add anything in between this.  If there is a kitchen, then the kitchen should also be from North to South West, your bedroom should also be North East West, okay then if there is a bathroom next to it, then whatever different thing is made, it will also have an individual direction, then you will be very stingy in it, it happens only at the plot level. Actually, this is a plot and in this they make 16 directions, 16 directions, you understand, even in the middle of North East, like North East has come, then in North East, 930 North East North East East, so like this 16 They make directions and then count the boxes, then the program is done according to the line pieces. If you grind disgustingly, pick up all the pieces and keep doing 16 directions in it, then it is never-ending, then nothing is right, then leave everything, anyone like this? Make something if you don't know the rules and regulations and I would like to tell everyone in a simple way that Vaastu is nothing but sunlight and air, sunlight should come like air and if you open something 36 then now  Its fishing doesn't make any sense, tell me one thing, yours is east facing. Okay, then blot is east facing, so only your drawing room and the front room will get sunlight in the morning and in the back one in the evening.  The rooms are the master bedroom and the second one is the bedroom and a bathroom and we have to talk and the clothes are yours to dry. Are you pleased or mine? If yours is west facing too then backward can be your favorite if Johnny.  If you can leave the points on, then the lets that are being made today are 154 plots. If you open from the back, then drink that you are looking at me like this. This south screenshot is visible from somewhere, hand then practical date of sunshine.  You see, you have to see one more thing, such people have told us here and South is fine, South is the receiver because earlier what was the collection in the South and 1024 hrs remains anytime before, that is semi logic.  But it was used in the house even today, those who have south facing house, they keep planting this green thing so that there is no sunlight, Putin thinks that sunlight is good for them, no, he thinks it is good for us, but we don't think it is good, logic.  But he does not go and asks what is the ready mixture or even gives a cooler to the person earlier. Nowadays, you do not have any kind of facing and do not live like this, is it not like this in the land that it costs Rs. 1000 and  this factory  The cost of such a system is Rs 18,000. If there is no such system, then play a practical one and ask questions. Just tell someone good or bad. Ask him once. You have done logic because the expert in knowledge, John Gupta, cannot answer basic.  If you have curiosity basic questions then this is cut copy paste, he unfortunately got this Indian education system and has taken a good bra, now don't ask questions, just tell me this.  Chhabra and ladies half inch, her husband doesn't know anything, the lady goes with the half-baked Vaastu defect and here, don't buy this, don't buy that, don't buy this too, all this, this one is good, this one is yours, tell me exactly, I too.  In this, I will remove 20 feet for you, behind this graveyard tomato, the meaning of this video is that if a china is open from one side or is opened from two sides, then you will leave a lot of problems in it, because you have two directions. So it will always be good, otherwise the rest has to be narrated and sent, so the good part is from the North, there is Kuber's direction, everyone has some direction or the other, it will be Ishan, it will be Kuber ji's, some will be Lakshmi ji's, some Ganesh.  That's good, Surya is heard by everyone, but you have to keep in mind that basically there are four sides, North East, South West, okay, so whatever things are open, two sides are always considered good, whatever way.  you have logic The thing which is open from two sides has a hundred percent chance of being good and the thing which is open from 360 degrees has 13 90% chance of being good and the thing which is open from four sides has a hundred percent chance of being good.  Okay, so go to this logic, go there and start doing cyclone which opens my door here, door opening in your and lobby and left hand staircase, knees, meaning diet.  This Swami did The Is Twenty20 Vaastu Shastra Anal Fisting and Return No one knew that even in the light, the public will remain like this, that time zone logic was written, went to the logic, but the phone to the logic, results on read logic 2D, which is just horn  Removed the results logic, so ask why it was called good, where is the energy from, how is it transferred, what is the calculation done according to this, okay, I hope you guys liked this video.  If you want more such videos, then I will definitely tell you and it is important to remove this misconception, that's why call message number one real estate clarity and because on real estate you have seen how many levels of videos I make every day two videos and  Make and Will Still Be Something New and It Can Continue for So Long