Hello friends, Namaskar friends, today's topic which has come in front of you, its name is Vastu Astro and Sun Practical Tips to Improve the Academic Performance of Child in the twelfth class and in college and at last the will give very good.  Tips for Succeeding in Competitive Exams Like Subscribe and Children Work for Competitive Exams UPSC and Similar  Subscribe And It's Good To Very Interesting Topic. I am going to tell seven points here again which are very practical and easy. I will not confuse in North South East. If I do not ask to share some such things then it is not possible.  You are living in government accommodation, you are living in land condition, that thing is that change cannot be bought, so I am very weak and I am going to tell you about such things, you have to inculcate this in the life of your children and you will see.  Their soldiers and we will see a lot of difference in this. Firstly, it is okay son, but do not study, this is my first formula, do not let the children get fresh, many parents will take it, it is a big deal to study on Jio Net, if you fall short then you will feel in the stomach.  You do not have to study, it has been launched that whatever we study, whatever we do, do such things to become something, then you cannot sit on the chair, table, so this is not your focus, whenever you finally get the knowledge.  if you want to take it  Yours should be edited at that point, only then the knowledge comes and the child who cannot sit on the chair, table, will not give his gram late, even in the exam, he has to write 3 hours before, so if he has not practiced it, then how will he become famous there?  If you want to have a stomach while sitting, then this becomes the first sutra for that. You tell the second sutra that if you want to study while sitting, then how should be the height of the table and your chair, the height of the table and the chair from which the stomach is.  that comment of his  It should be of height, it should be comfortable and there should be a hidden table, it should be of wood and anything else is of wood, those who want to see it on the spot can ask, they can connect with me, I will give you a lovely picture on WhatsApp to know what kind of wood it should be.  It should be made of wood and when the child has to study in it, he should take off his shoes and slippers and say switch on the light on the thing, sit down, industry and under your study table, that one does not get support or feet on it. Read it carefully if you have a child, this is very important, so this one can also be a little expensive, if you do not have it, get a study table top made, it is okay and this can be a little expensive, if you have it, but you will get comfort on a wooden chair.  You are comfortably sitting straight on it. The second one is that these days you don't use computers etc., don't stick on it. The third thing is that if you have a child, then such trees should be solid. From the back of me, as we grow up, we can sit anywhere.  read anything  If we can, then when we don't read like that, I swear to you, you have to wave a little, now big okay, you do n't have to wave any flag for 34 2 hours, or it happens quietly, with solid intentions, you must have seen many children putting charitable signs on the wall and  Then the back is open in which there are 12 videos behind. If you see, they were like this. If you sit, we are sitting in the office. Those who are top officials have something solid behind them and those who are working class are below.  There are people who are sitting at the station, so from behind it means you will take me a very long expression, the video will be long, so you should have a wall behind it, you may have to reverse its duty, like we go to the office, behind which there is a chair.  It has a wall and a market board, it has a photo of the President, it is clear that if you want to put your own, then there is no need, but as there is a painting on the back, so its color is there, if anyone wants to ask specific about it.  so i video  I wo n't be able to tell but they have a big meaning in your life, if you like the patterns, colors and that energy, then like this, it should be different, I have found it good in the third and fourth room, there should not be a hot TV, it is special.  Meaning, there is absolutely no intersection of special teams. If possible, there should not be any such thing in TV TV's Florian Mayer K. Logically, whatever I am telling you, I am telling it by mixing and matching Vastu Astrologer Practical.  If I am telling you the easy answer then you can install TV in the house as per your wish but if your child is studying then there should not be a TV there nor should there be a Kushal mirror at many places like dressing table, there is some wish that it should not be there then this is the fourth one I told you.  Well, the password formula is that the child is fat, there is a white study in that room, disasters happen with it, there is no attached toilet, it should not be there, if I could do this, then nothing likes it, there is also such a group.  There is a study where there is a toilet in it, it is a paste, it is fine and if it is Mandu, then there should be accessibility of the child, that if you put the toilet in the eye of the child, then doing toilet from where the child is sitting is not visible. Make such a setting.  Now I will have to tell you about North Facing East Racing, those who go for better correction water, they can do it, it is very good, whatever things I am telling you, see what is the real Vaastu, do not tell him this by rejecting the astrology mask.  has been that he absolutely  Everything is fine, science is very good and sometimes it takes you to such a level of things that it wants to take you to 800 tomatoes and you go to 1020 gates, so I want you to follow these easy practical tips of mine.  You should come comfortably on vacation and in this you will see the difference. Mostly people walk with their panties on, who do not believe in these things at all. Everyone was soaked. There is a staircase built in it. Remove it. If there is something dirty, you cannot do it. You can't be at peace even in your own house as per your wish and it is like this that if you make one thing of Vaastu then you will find something wrong then it will be so expensive and I will ask you to go to the office. These are the very simple and easy to implement things that I will tell them.  So what time I had told in the study room, see what kind of Vasco Patna is, it is okay if it is open and looks like yours, it is okay and I do not open the door near him, like he sits here, if the soldiers are on tour, if he gets affected by it, then there is a little distance like this. Whatever door is there in the room, it should be at a distance, there should be a gram behind it and this thing is solid, okay, now the thing is, he should not be able to see it, just this inch and a half, there should not be a TV near him, it is okay and the curtains that are installed in that room.  There should not be any more torque, but dark brown red color Doppler light below, any color will work, patient Nazmon se any, no light color Mittu, okay then come and there is no need to darken the actual color, light color and white color is white.  If it is a night cream or anything in life, that will also work, then just do this one. Okay, now one more thing in an active way, the children are very happy with the mobile all the time. Ask them what to do. I have to call them. I am watching videos a lot. Children, even buffaloes do not know what they are doing, for how long, they are sitting in the corner, chatting, listening to songs, they are listening to songs, they are wearing something in their ears, make a rule that whenever a child listens to anything on mobile.  will do entertainment  Will not do anything, find out your rule, very practical tip back, very quick vitamin, cannot answer in this, take it son, it is like this, fuel is smart TV, everyone has smart TV, if you send it to the police, then it will not come out on mobile, watch it on a big screen which can convince 13 Song de hero dahin heroine dekh movie dekh kuch jo tu dekhte hai na dekh ke liye is it a girl or a boy totka big logic one easy on that, if we see it then do you have any idea what is being seen as much as is being seen and if it is more then it is forbidden.  It makes a daily reference to the fact that its time has come and then a little more digit said that its corpse is the meaning of mobile, start doing screen time, show it to it, share it with us, if there is a TV, then sit comfortably and watch it, then it can watch the videos on the right side. Only he is watching Khan Chacha's videos. By watching the middle head things, we will also learn something or show my videos to the children who come in between and this one which is a drama in my video, show it to the children as well. They are also in a delicate time that we have to study, so it is most important that the one with a mobile phone should be connected to the TV, do n't refuse them, they will refuse otherwise it is okay, the answer lies there in it. Sent to you along with Baithak TV and Zee TV, now finally we are going to tell you in the thread that it is a little interesting, it is for the competition exam and you will see by following it, okay, there is no much cost in this, the competitive exam is done by MC.  Those with questions belong to him and those who are listening to the children, please follow, this video is what should be forgotten by maximum people, after all, I am telling the formula, I am fine now, so children, you go to give this quantity exam, otherwise you remain silent. Without wearing a t-shirt, the t-shirt should be yours, half blue from the bottom, now I am telling it for boys, applicable for girls, you can see that the critics and now I could not tell it to them, mothers will have to do it. In this, the hand should be blue from below and the share should be cream from above. It should be like this that you will get the T-shirt seventh lot of Choice of Tibetan 1 inch more partner in it from the bottom to top by frying them a little. Evening to the houseful and half green, I said, the one below you, yes, it should be Saudi, the light should be on, there should be Life Long Learning License and the light above should be green, darling, to say this you are competitive.  There will be a performance batter in the exam and that too, let me tell you specifically what kind of vitamin batter it will be, what will not be there in it, what is one, like we also write the method of two, COD is written in America, it is not known that we will attempt it later, then fix it for 30 days. Later, what happens in between is that many times we miss this number that we want to write a little, written in the copy, taken out in the war, this is a lot, this thing happens a lot and we are never able to know this thing.  But you know how it is, it will not be used, see but famous, let me tell you specifically, what will not happen, that is, if you want to write this for one team, then this will be written in the team, this Ganpat is not going to be used in the entire paper and the other one is due to this. What will be the benefit for you that how are there many questions which like you are of six, here it is like this, of BOD, you know it is not there, it will increase your institute for when it comes that which group D is in Egg and C?  To you  It is clear that there is no BOD, the answer was, now you have an egg or a seed, you go and try this sister, what harm is going to happen, so this thing, these two things, I told you now, any child is sixty-five percent you and that.  It went on the pen and it will be 1969, no one is claiming all these things which have been told to them, if the child does good in his studies to increase the marks by five to seven percent in his life and not  So you tell me that Vaastu works through this and all this is a trick, the children of laborers are becoming IAS in kittens, we see a lot of news and ads, how they become if there is hard work, no one can wait for a 16 year old child.  If someone is working 16 hours a day, is sitting inside a rice paddy, is sitting in a slum, is sitting next to a sewerage system, is not doing any Vaastu work and is working for 1,250 hours, then how can he wait?  If you do then no one can talk about that effort, but your vision, which is your child, is our child, if there is a little bit of grace that the paper came out well, the strength of which I was lying, if your child had the facility to fear 9321, then it is a mistake. Now come a little fogging, love and such work was for 2593, if it is 293 then it is only for that thing, so you should use it like this and my request is that this  Like the channel, subscribe and for forward, I will keep bringing all the videos in such interesting and actually implementable, I will keep bringing on different things, so you will subscribe and if you blend it for notification, then the videos will come automatically and this is my practical.  233 points will really clarify that such videos come a lot and people are not able to take interest in them because how do you actually implement them?  If you are able to do so then all my sutras will be very easy and practical and in some of them I will give some logic so that I will not be able to explain the lack of time by soaking us in it. You comment with me and want to choose. I also do children's career counselling.  For this he does it in a very practical manner, he does not say that he will give any of my courses, it is just my tube with some institution or I will say that it is not like this, it is completely different. This is fun and practical so if he wants to try it at home then he can try that Sanctions, in this Amchoor Child Will You Know and there is Vestige Chaubey and if he is studying in Nagar College etc. then it is best to do the first year of college. You also do it, you see, if he is doing it, then what to do in the functions and the third is not 340. Please sir, come, the child can do this work even while studying, only then I will say. All the advertisement is interesting and I will not make long video for my advertisement will not be very nice two of three do it Surya and the video is and please subscribe that