Hello friends, you might have seen the topic a little different, but its basic assets which I am trying to tell are brother, they should speak the truth and or you can take it only brother speaking the truth, let us note that ji Vikram is from Betal syndrome. Whatever stories you have heard of Betal, you must have seen that it is done by Betal and that politician listens to thirty-two more stories and he places Betal on top and goes away.  He listens to the story from a friend and asks Vikram, now answer this question, if you told the wrong question, if you had said it earlier, then open your mouth, then I will get up, okay, and if you did not open your mouth even after knowing the answer, then  Your head will be broken into a thousand pieces. If it did not come on your Doordarshan, you can still watch it on YouTube if you want. If you have understood the syndrome, your head will be broken into pieces. If I did not tell the truth, then read this.  I am now  I will prove that speaking the truth is not speaking the truth. It's a courageous think. How can you prove it? Guruji, that's why I am giving clarity because it is Guruji, that's why I am bringing that feeling because I get to hear such things a lot in the comment area. Hey, you.  You talk so truthfully, you lack the courage to speak the truth, so today I am going to tell you that speaking the truth, note it down, no friend, speaking the truth, the society has said that if you speak so much truth, then listen carefully. What is Courage and what is Courage? Doing something that you know may cause harm or it is 100 % certain that the harm will happen but you still do it. We will take it as courage, we will take it as bravery, this definition will work and repeat again.  If I am fine then please do this pose and write yes. If I learn 20-30 then I will understand. Yes, people have understood the important thing of reducing something in which you know that it will cause loss to you. It is possible but still.  You mean, it is okay to do that action, if you speak then many people say that speaking the truth made someone else angry or you had the power or speaking the truth broke someone's heart or speaking the truth did not give you the contract or the truth. You suffered a monetary loss due to speaking, you did not get a promotion, someone in your relationship got angry, even then you or someone else judged you wrongly, this is also a matter, it is not my parents who said that I did it because.  holy cross in india  There are many people who have run this kind of system. They called me an honest astrologer and interviewed me. He got a lot of views and his interview was very good. In that too, they also said that Sir, I like you because you do all these things.  Those who are not speaking in India, where do you bring this from and how do you tell, then I am telling you that it is not courageous at all, I will definitely tell the truth, but people do not know, but today after this video you will know.  explain this to people  It's fine if that definition is according to math, now I will go for a little if this and that, as if a theory is proved in any science, in math, in physics, if I have to suffer a loss in something and I am still doing that thing and look at it.  If you catch this then brother, the loss in lying is 100%. I do it at all. I don't even want to be in debt because I know that if I lie, it will be a big loss for me. I will fall in my own eyes. There will be physiological changes in me.  I will remain in the brother's mind, I will have to remember the lie, there will always be a brother in me that he told this lie, now he has to tell this one, this one has told the truth to him, he has to tell this one, my productivity will be lost, I will never be faceless.  Maybe I will have his brother, after all this, even after so many people, if I am lying, then I will tell you a lot. Listen brother, if something is true, then whatever I have said, listen again carefully, what is the truth?  This much is true, this much is true  It is okay with emotions. If you understand the definition of truth, if it is big or bad then it is not true. The truth of every situation is only that, like if it is 146, if it is big or bad, it is 197 or 195 then it is not true because if it is 146 then it is true. Definition is truth but only this much is true. Sorry, if the losses are reduced then more or bigger then the truth is no more. Truth is the same, if the losses or increases then the truth is no more of a lie.  There is no test Baba, please like it a little. Truth, whether big or small, does not remain true and a lie can be a lie, anything can happen in any situation, so how much raita have you spread in it, brother, the truth is only a little, a little, this photo.  How are you singing to someone? You look cute. When you tell the truth, you will earn a lot of money because you will become a good consultant. When you tell a lie, the person to whom you are telling a lie will also know that you are a lie when there is something real in his life.  The situation will come when he has to take advice from Yo and D. The day after tomorrow he is going to come because you know that he will talk round and round which the day after tomorrow will be the demand from whose mouth only truth comes out and so much truth comes out that so much truth comes out that so much power comes out. Then you understand that in astrology the astrologer protests [music] but still I am telling that it is the grace of the Ninth House that the truth comes out of the mouth.  Even if you have never lied consciously, if you have never lied, then whatever comes out of your mouth now becomes the truth. Saraswati ji also wants to sit with you where truth is the only relief, when she lives, she has come to the moment.  If it has come, then it is possible, if it has not happened, then support the truth, support the truth, brother-in-law, this is no courage, being truthful thoughts, what time do you want, because brother-in-law, sir shot it, sir shot, sir shot loss.  Let me explain it in another way when children understand more like they explain that inflation in money terms is 8%, you have it 100% loss making investment, rest of the places it is equity real estate anything and the last one, there is no guarantee of 100% loss but here.  There is 100% loss, so in lying like this, there is hundred percent loss in your body and soul and now after knowing the loss, brothers and sisters, will you still lie or will you lie?  If you support me, you will have done a lot, so today I have made you click the 'Do it' button. Do you understand that if you support the lies, speaking the truth is not a debt, this is the Guru Tatva, learning note making is a virtue because you people think so. That I can't speak the truth, I have become crazy, society has fooled me, I should stop telling lies because your sense is the loss of your character and your loss is the loss of your personality, the loss of your relationship is your tongue.  It is the loss of your social teacher, it is the loss of you and today, when everything is going down and still they are acting like that, you are the big thing because the definition was told in the beginning, so do you want to become.  Or a common man, do you want to be a normal human being, support the truth, speak the truth in every situation, speak the same as you see, say the same as a flower, if the food is not cooked well, then tell the food that it was not good, the cook is not being criticized.  Mine Because if you tell the dog that even useless food is good, then next time also the same thing will be prepared in his hand, you have to be specific, you have to say no, the food is not good, you have to say, the salt is too much, a little is too much, the rest of the texture is fine, cooking and cooking is fine, this is fine, this is You are speaking badly when you speak like this. You do n't necessarily have to be selfish. You have to lie because it takes effort to lie. It does n't take any effort to tell the truth. The truth is the truth. It is true that it has two hands. Now tell them that  These are not the hands of a crocodile, they are not the hands of a human being. Now to prove this, a lot of creativity is needed. A lot of courage and a lot of effort is needed. What courage is needed to say something as it is. If you do not need any courage, then I think you will be successful in life.  It would be better if such courageous people are roaming around and in this, oh sir, you speak so blue, you speak so much, where do you get it from, brother, you don't have the courage today, tell me, you are among those people who lie, whose natural nature is this.  It is what we were born with, our natural nature is to tell the truth, just catch any little baby, unless it has learned what it means to lie, it is to tell the truth, the default setting is that we are taught to lie, it is not our nature.  It is not a natural nature and when everyone starts speaking the truth, there will be a habit of lying that whatever truth is spoken or has to be spoken, it seems very sexy, whereas today it is not so, it should not be like this, speaking the truth.  I thought it was useless, I didn't like it, I didn't understand, tell me, whoever liked it, now I ask you all, how did you like this video, the knowledge given to you, how did you like it, if you liked it then write good and if you liked it, then write bigger.  Okay, don't you even dare to tell the truth?