Hello friends, my previous video of Naukri series has got very lovely and good reviews. Naukri series is doing very well. If you have not seen its old videos, then I will leave the gender in this video. Do watch them. Today's topic is the one which matters the most.  Many questions are asked - I want to leave the job, can I leave, what can I do, macro of job, what should I do, then this question is asked a lot. If this is your question too, if what I am asking is my request.  this is the video  Please pause and write this also want to know below. I would like to pause this so that I can know how much you want to hear and know about such things. So post it here and write this also want to know and also want to know doubt.  Pat how to God, so you pass it now, you have written it, okay thank you, now let's move ahead, it is like this, there is a movie in 983, Hero Hain, that there was a song in that movie.  This is Jackie Shroff's movie. Those who love are not afraid. Those who are afraid are not afraid. Those who are afraid do not love. Now I have told you, why are you singing the song of bad times? It means it is a question of job and what should you leave and not leave, tell me.  So this is it, I have modified this song. If this is the original content, then I have modified this song. Your answer is there and if you like it, then give a few likes to this song. Those who leave the job will never give up.  Those who leave the job do not ask. Those who leave the job never ask and those who pull do not leave the job. I Hope Identification Perfect Aging. If you are asking now then the time has not come. The time has not come. Let me tell you this with the Mexico example. Now how touching should it be?  Or if you feel pain then tell him also and if you like it then like it, don't dislike it at all. Things are taught in factory but enjoyable things will be taught. Tanu Weds Manu will be taught with takeaways.  Part-2 Honey in it Kangana Ranaut to whom he asks why Tanu has come to the wedding, while standing in type, the answer is with someone else, it is Kangana Ranaut ji 's festival meaning of you remember, the rest is fine Doctor sir, there is still some more Jalil left to be done Lines like this, there is still more to be insulted, so if there is any matter of giving up blood in the job, then it is definitely insulting. If in the job you are very respected, then you will think about the joy of getting a promotion.  No, that's why even if you still don't understand it, then if you are inside and doing it, and surely some person goes, someone else from above, grabs you from behind and starts pressing you, and the water goes away and they are being robbed. Like you look okay, now it's a game of skin, the green dries up, okay, so at this time, will you think that I will go out, what will I do after that, what should I do, should I go out, every pore of your body will rebel against that.  human being You will not think about coming out when you are feeling supported, you are on the verge of dying, you are not able to breathe, you are not living, then you will do that till the time your heart is hurting and your brain will speak.  And this is the heart speaking, friend, if you leave the job then work will not be possible because the heart gets broken at any time. If you talk rudely during breakfast in the morning then the heart gets broken but then in the evening you come home and eat food.  in life Sometimes the mind says something, sometimes the heart asks, when you start saying this, this, this, your hands and legs, you have to leave the job, this hand, this is your leg, your business, all this, then that time comes, before that a man would think.  So why am I telling you all this today because part of it is that it is not easy, you will not get a job suddenly unless you are able to return to that invisible hole of yours, there are many people who have shoulders like that.  But they get cooked very quickly, many people like it, so in today's video, I am going to give you some guidelines and timing, if you cross them then you will get wet. What do you say, the MB will be typed in English, okay? If you see, you are brilliant at ATM typing, you are doing something very good in your work, then you should not do a job for more than 5 to 7 years. See, tell me for the middle class, it is necessary to do a job. I never say that a 22 year old child should do a job.  Not there.  If you do something else, you can't do it, family Bappa is running a business and the family has got a hundred years of history of business, so it is a different thing, otherwise 5 to 7 years in normal job work, if you are very brilliant then you can get 5 to 7 years.  After this, you should leave the job and do your work. It is okay if you are good, you are intelligent, then it is between 10 to 15 years. It is okay and if you Amazon is a place for normal people doing jobs and this is the majority, okay this is the majority, you should leave it in 15 to 20 years otherwise your life is going to be miserable after 4242 to 45 years and you are blue average, right? People feel bad when they hear about average, they should not feel bad because if it is average then yes this average is here then you are here blue average religion new voice that is absolutely  Which one is fine, so even if you want to always be there, you should leave after working for 20 to 24 years. Whatever corporate you are in, your recipe 4550 Yasmin will be small, this black pepper stars, you will not want to leave either.  Now the economic activities are going on a cycle, so everyone needs new blood, all the people who are busy in your IT by name is beater, these people with big questions. So these people will go up to VPN Director C Voice Top Management, you are ordinary normal, you are doing the work of giving your blood and sweat, your limit is not till level 11, you will not go to his village, you will consider yourself as if you are Group C Group.  If you do then you will no longer be a bad person in the group, but if the government people do not understand the things then you have to retire from there, then no matter how much effort you put into it, they will not accept you in that club, so you are the first one.  This is the only thing I want to tell through this video, I have to give this figure, if your target is to leave me in 20 years, then you should keep asking, you should have a clear cut target, Dubo Prince, people are there, they will not ask that they will leave me in 5 years.  Will shift because if you are required to front then that means you are not ready and from the day you become ready you will get a job in 5 years, first you have to be mentally ready to leave me.  That's plus to be, in the first step I will say that I have to leave this second step festival because in vector, till you don't leave, OD will continue, opportunities will come and go and there are some other things in the next video, if you understand then I will tell in the next video.  I will make this in the video, I will tell you what will be my video, you have to get me 200 likes on this, I am not asking for too much, if you have to leave the job here, then what you should not do, I will tell you what should be done, then it is very big.  Syllabus is what not to do is always very easy and it will tell you I will tell about the things which have figured out at any point of time you have to think of living job you should not have been doing something so if you want to know then Please give 200 likes to this video and this message of leaving the job is that in a job brought up by a parent, there is learning and the job is always there.  Only a little of it will go in cold blood, it will be left in folded blood only, if the shell is left in the bag only then you will be happy and peaceful, if you absolutely now people will like many of my talks about boxing and other things as well, what was said earlier, what was said about the festival or this festival.  That is, now I have stopped using it more and accepting it and I have also stopped saying 'forward it' because now everyone understands my words and those who are getting it are also getting benefited a lot.  Correct  So that's it, I ca n't raise the level of people so that they go to the second third quarter, you have to raise your own, okay, the urgent one has increased or want to increase those who are already connected because I have taught many things first and Showed like a second model school teacher, now I have a teenage body, I will only give the content, so if you like it, please like it, the next one will be ours, what will be the actions of such servants, those who do jobs are called jobs, okay, you should not feel bad.  And if you feel a little bad, you will get freedom from your health because Justice Markandey Katju and I will go. If you start feeling good, then there will be no freedom from there. This country will not progress if all the people are looking for jobs. Hindi No country has progressed which people  Even in the world where everyone wants to do a job, it is okay, so if I am telling these things, I am telling them with great responsibility so that our country, our society, our family, our  If the new generation goes towards a happy life, then you will definitely like this video. Thank you.