Hello friends, our topic today will be buying farmhouses and agricultural land, we will discuss about it, we will tell about this pest, no one does a project in advance and gives it like guidelines, in a prawn there can be no decision making nor even for some experiment. Who is for the other, for whom it will be for the other, then the other wise is given under a template and is given under the framework, okay, no problem.  Which one will be clearly converted into actual? Okay, so one thing is very important for you all to understand that whenever you feel like taking up agriculture and farm house, let me help you in decision-making, then you have to see your existing real estate portfolio as a good example.  I will tell you below, if you see your decision followed by the court, then somewhere in it, your money in the caddy bank, mine, your mutual funds, then the stock recipe, this whole program is done, then you will be sober and bones.  The way this whole turmeric profile was made, then you ran towards crypto, please do you know that 30 lakh people had taken it, it has become worth nine lakh rupees, there was a person doing world trade, what did you know about it, so now there is no train, hi.  Net-worth Individuals 15204 So if he can play all the games then subscribe to the channel. If not, then apart from agriculture, there are other shares too. You have to see that if you are a normal middle class living in a big city. Musaddilal Office Office You are a government employee, you have nothing to do with the village, you do n't have to sit or stand, you will take one agricultural land but where will you take it, who will maintain it? All over India holdings in agricultural land have become so joint like you inside Haryana.  Digitization of land records has been done. When you enter a village and add any other name, one by two health in land holdings is someone's 257 wish, someone's wish is 257. 362 By doing this, you will see the holdings. There are so many names, it is physical and there is some skill, but on paper it is not known whose name is there, then the person who is in touch with the villages, in reality, has coming and going relatives, getting up and down, it is easy for him to get agricultural land. Should be taken, it will also be discussed below, as far as the things about farm house are concerned, for that we have to watch the farm house fiction pamphlet. I had made a video of my life as a hill station, so many times in my life.  This is how it is going on that we think that I have a farm house, I will just do organic farming and I will come there and my old age will be deducted, but it is not deducted at all, it is extremely boring and practical and it costs a lot of money, see Rs 1 lakh.  Vegetables should not be eaten. Vegetables are available in the market and many more will come in the future and are kept. Subscribe 19. Average cost of maintenance of grass cutter to complete the work ranges from providing water to Subscribe People don't know if you want subscribe, want sugar, people will also be there, still you will give, then you want security, don't you come in the question, let's understand the totality of England's peace, if you do n't take him to the level, then his wife feeling will not come and the feeling  I will have to spend lakhs of rupees a month and for whom should I spend it so that I can go there and have fun and party and my friends should subscribe so that we feel like it is a floral tribute in the middle of the city. You got the feeling from the road on the border of Delhi, I do n't know what will happen if you are not normal like that, subscribe on YouTube but it is not far from you, I do n't know but what is happening with money, money, okay and  Do n't even have money to buy money on the moon but want to make money and make money setting on to 4038 learn only when I want, I will go to all the congratulations of my family, money is available on YouTube [music] in the air  Take it and according to agriculture agriculture, like from Haryana, subscribe to them, whether you want to do farming, what to do, if you are a farmer with you, then if the farmer has liked the flat and plot, then you should take it, the farmer has got some other notification.  And the boys will give till the farmers More farmers will give Know what is the condition of the farmers all over India Do you all know that the Sangh has appointed and you Subscribe And subscribe Rajasthan's Bikaner has been appointed Don't subscribe Do it and others still have money but those people are Rajasthani residents of Sriganganagar and Bikaner Dainik, they also know how to pilot, they also know how to take interest in the people there, they can't get up in such a folded air that yes, I am English speaking cyber. Hub happened after 20 years, my office and my lot of money and more withdrawal people were doing Haryana's appointment Subscribe At that time you know that they are on this program, if you make friends with them too then that is different.  If you want liver, it's okay to pick it up and buy it like this, subscribe, good network, I have come under a curtain, I have not made you understand that the death of the urban land is going on, that if you understand this thing that I am going to tell you, then you will understand, then you will feel pain.  There won't be that much tax to pay for that small thing. You will understand that the government will understand you. Put it on the property dealer like all the developers were towed. If you put the government on withdrawal, then the government will sell that land anywhere in the city.  Inside infrastructure is one and a half like yours, Dwarka Expressway is worth 13-14 crores, sewerage is jammed, electricity is being installed, all this frills, expenditure of crores and in whose account it will go, it will make the price of notes expensive, subscribe also, subscribe in the market, normal.  There are markets, whoever has a partner shop, then he has a wall, that wall will be of 9 inches, 10 inches, 11 inches, inside that wall, how to make 4 inches by 6  Alaa Alaa, I took out the flower and in nutrition, my brother is selling CDs that the accused had seen the fare of Rs 40,000 pass in such a place, the state, how many subscribers are there, 4 inches and a little appointment here, that is the thing, that is, you yourself think about the point.  I have seen three spirits which points to the yard thing taking a rent of 35 40 thousand rupees. Now friend, calculate but it is of square feet so why is it now because it is  There are so many people going to the market that they need that thing and they just have to sit in that shop, there is a system typed on the shutter and they spread, they spread without you even thinking about it, but it happens.  Now why wouldn't it be there? 10,000 people are growing this thing every hour there. Will you bring it from the mine? Agricultural land is not priced only when there is no dearth of slides. They give such a dialogue that they want land in India.  For this, I have given this data earlier also, a little percentage of 18 cent world's population and the world's blood, then the percentage of area land will fall in India, there is another calculation of this that if you give accommodation to every person on the ground floor, family and thousand square feet.  If you give 200 feet more working space to every family, then give it to every person. Yes, it works, at most you will get a little job, your office or sitting place is the maximum, but I am asking a question, it is not available anywhere, even if you give this much. Too  St. Andrews will be on India's forest, the entire grant for any Baahubali, there is no need to even build 2 floors, India's area 27 is broad for the robbers, the forest is the reverse, it is the desert, oh my brother, even then one percent area is not being used, the forest on the mountain etc. 23  But St. John's will become 40 cents, this is one percentage, then there is no shortage of fuel, the only thing lacking is to connect it with the infrastructure, that is why even the big ones go to Australia, you saw in the category also now, right?  How much rain will come and we will have to evacuate, what happened in Sydney, it will rain in Gurgaon and then Allah child, you are blessed, okay, it rained in Sydney too, people had to be evacuated, their condition is even worse, it is Australia.  At our place, we still did not empty it during the rains because if Shailputri did not come, then it is a different matter if it is happening somewhere in the post of Odisha. In normal rains, they are emptied. Mumbai was completely submerged, so it was not emptied.  when that happened to you guys  Know in the month of July, that time is from them that agriculture land and farm house different with you is very disgusting please don't see the question meaning in school will you come to post office Shyam when will you come Shyam when will you come neither is it very good and many times it feels like this 1840 E The Four Thousand Square Meter is available for Rs. 25 Lakhs. Lalit will increase, may be worth it but take rest in it. A builder will send you directly.  Allotment is visible in this, now that fast problem is fine, in whose name it will be there and then it will be there in it, then the people of the village will share this to everyone in their village so that this  Pro is fine, if you pick it up and go to a village like this, it will welcome you, it is very very difficult, repair and maintenance of minutes but not many players are doing it till half, then there they have a lot of choice but 50% knowledge about my work States like Haryana Digitization You can check by going to the internet, now in whose name it landed in Haryana, if there are names of the people there, then catch everyone, history, how to practical problems, subscribe to one person, then quick.  Man, you cannot do this practically, that is why the value of agricultural land is not increasing that much, then subscribe here because soon and your government.  Government subscribe and on their site, the name of your village, a person's name, the vegetable, its length, whose name, everything will be very clearly, Khasra number, do this well, but in this video, if we have not subscribed the channel, then definitely subscribe, WhatsApp message number one number.  To be an arrogant person, we can tell from the body language that a person is very confident, we are number one.  Clarity 100 number two, okay, if you are alone in the race, then you have become number one, okay, so there is a huge syllabus to learn and understand a lot, again in literacy, people are teaching a lot, there is a lot of content on YouTube that the copper world-  Jahaan News is newspaper and literature. People are not able to understand real estate. It is very important but the biggest ticket is the price. Whenever you buy wrong land parcel, real estate takes the wrong information. Policy Excitement.  There was a lot of gratitude for me from the hill station people but I got so much thanks from the people that I bought property from the hill station, a big part of it was saved. Watch your video, the same feeling was there, but after watching your video, there is a complete guarantee. Brother, it is not like that for many people. So in the same way, if people have seen this one and till now it is okay, if you got any opinion on this subject, then please write in the comment section, then this dot clarity and please like which I feel that my hard work is so much  exerted force hard work will be successful