Hello friends, an attempt will be made to crush an old belief system by questioning it. If you guys are happy, then tell me, do the work that your money has done, then by doing this, stories are told, there are many videos, there is motivation, if your work is yours.  If you have money then you will have fun. There is nothing more stupid than this. I will tell you why there is this difference. You have to see if at the age of 22, 23, 24, if you work, you can leave your passion aside.  You have this hair, maybe you have fashion some 16 which you have not yet discovered and who gave it to you from now on, only half a cup of work can be your pattern 4240 knot age a your husband two years even at the age when you actor logically also  I am telling you that you get a chance to do your fashion but by that time you should have set up your entire stick system immanently 42% golden age ok ji when you your if you immanently  If you have set yourself a passive income from investment and all that, then this is work in Shiva and you get to know your passion after 36, when you know what feels good, you get to know after 36 and also to do that.  You need a 6 year old and that journey by how will you invest at 42, what if you don't drink, then you can't decide at 22. Absolutely understand question is nothing but a  Feeling, all this is very strong feeling, this is especially water very strong feeling feeling change change subscribe I want to go into animation, I want to go into designing, I want to go into ad world, I want to go into this, my passion is that after second-third year their passion changes. Then they want to go somewhere else and they do n't realize how much money they reject from their two parents. Most of the parents are upset with this. Bigg Boss also wanted to know what they read.  Brother's money has not changed, daughter's money has not changed, I don't like father, no change, there is no disease, keep it to do you like this that Bigg Boss is the problem, this is I want you don't like, okay do it United Tweet No I  Don't like then till their youth they got marks from their sticks, they should get reprimanded by handling someone, okay it should be diplomatic liquid, these are the big things of children, oh at least less.  Less than this yourself stop talking father who is last passed today a very passionate in relationship benefit notification reduce more cancer patient me whole life falls on these 6565 fashion fashion means at least 15  If you have minutes, please do the work, do whatever is right, whatever work is available, brothers and sisters, grab it. If you are not getting it, Baggers card is also coming in the supply market for the users.  I am telling you the figure of NITI Aayog's report of 10 lakh children in India. 10 lakh children of my family who are coming to the market on Pen India basis are getting 1 crore 20 lakh jobs every month, there is no discussion on it.  What I mean to him is that if you are getting it, then take it because you are not getting the background, choose yes, so brother, first of all, leave the house, do not prepare for the job endlessly, which is what people are doing, among the four people who left the house.  If you get up, sit and join a company, there may be some franchise model from your family, you are fine, you have money, father is ready to give you, there is no exposure to anything, you will work in your company for four to five years, then you will go to father for some business model.  Papa, I do this job, in this post, soldiers, this company sells phones like this and gets the distributorship of phones like this, now there is no tilak to be applied in it and I can understand it completely, but this logistics when it is ours. This is the mechanism, this is our profit, I will keep mine, I will keep it, seeing that I am sick, why wouldn't I give it to my husband, Papa ji, but I will not give it to such a person who lies there till the morning, does not get up in the morning, does not go to the job, never gets anything done, does not know how to meet anyone, does not know how to speak, does not know Hindi.  Does n't know English? Communication skill like you. Benefits of Sixteen. He doesn't know anything, not even his father will give him money, so he has come because of the tantrums and people's endless preparation for preparing for.  Kota B.A.  Ka or latest by filling the fifth question at the age of 32, IS and clapping Oh brother, why your youth is gone at 32 years, so what to do now, what is not uprooted, if you go and tap, you will leave Mussoorie in this year, then you will get cotton and then  A footer story has started, you are there and they are like this, to perform their aarti, they destroy 10 lakh children, whose answer is on the fourth time out of five.  It will come out like this, it will come out so many times, this is the only work left, youth is doing its best, please don't do it, husband, the pattern can be known in two years, I had told earlier that what is 32s, if you like it for fashion, then it would have been known in 36 and  If you stop running for your fashion before 42 then Kshitij is not possible only monitarily Your life is not settled By 42 a man becomes like a satellite because he is 42  After this, suffering the fruits of the past deeds, suffering the fruits of the deeds of this birth. Also see, I do not want to go down too much. Despite this, many people do not verify the features in everything. So, I am also telling you logically, a little for the sake of logic. On Begum Tadka, tell me logically that your life should be set by 42 years. If you have not set your life even by 42, then you leave the 100 things, okay friend, then you have no right.  To go towards fashion and like it, because it is not you who created it, it is very important to make yourself the best. People who want to create a base, if they talk about their Kundeshwar, then you have to work full hours in it, do anything, and even if the work stops, it is not work at all.  Find out, a latest report has come out which will tell that humans will be vegetables, this is not the only big problem, they are not doing research, not only this, it is not known what they are doing in which Disney World and this topic is 22 years, so this year it is clearly business.  Business Chances of staff working out is a person who has seen the world this day 10 12 years six years athlete if you are IT type person then 6 years is the formula six years then you should also do a job and a little less qualified and less you  If you are looking for 6 to 10 years then definitely you will be fit for some people with 15 and for maximum Fati yes maximum ok so  This I hope people have benefited, how did you like the video and I have more things to tell on this, please write in the comment section as I am Nirahua, give this video to your children and say brother, understand whether you are getting it or not, take respect and insult.  The thing about Mutton is that getting a job is not just time, it is not only difficult but impossible to get a job at a level higher than your father's these days, just like it is not only difficult but impossible to get a don.  In the same way, if you are in a middle class family, then where your father has reached his job, it is smart possible for you to beat his job in the beginning, hence those who are of lower class who are relatively friendly people, their children can do anything with great freedom. If a child of a very poor person does anything then his father will stop him from the network because whatever planet is battling him then many a times father is also stopping him from doing many things. They will say, keep preparing, keep preparing, who knows what will happen, what should I tell, who knows, the problem of meeting is not to play integers, that there is 99.99% chance of gratitude and points one, so you do not need to memorize this, you will do it right in life. thank you very much