Hello friends, money mind-set series video number 0 from the topic Importance of Time and Learning Tool, what will be the benefits of these two things in life, what to do, I will make a video on that, it is going to be very interesting, I will not leave it till the end, I will tell you this.  I would like to ask, when do you feel most happy with the passage of time in your life? Just think for 5 to 10 seconds about the passing of time, when do you feel from within that the time has gone. Take photos of each and every time to know which one it is.  There is a situation and what can we do with that situation and if we apply that experience to other places, then how can our life be improved by that experience? So I will give you 5 seconds to think. If we make a match, then you say that we have done this.  Thought of it and if you enjoy hearing this situation then you can write in the team comment section. If the thing I am going to tell you is that we realize the time the most when we are driving or  We are sitting in the front of the car and the traffic light is green and 10981 Rawat and I are behind. There is a slight feeling from within that I should get out, that is a complete excitement. There is a natural reaction in the body that at that time.  Is the feeling of being launched that you will turn sixty, you will turn completely red and when you turn sixty, people become very sick during this process, do you know how happy you people are due to this experience and  How many of you are related to this, please write, can we put this kind of feeling in other things in our life also? When we are wasting time in life, we are wasting time for hours.  We watch Netflix web series one after the other, then we don't realize why sixty seconds will last on our Facebook, sometimes we spend 6 minutes chatting on Facebook, sometimes we spend 6 minutes on something, we don't even realize that this one is about time.  You have to note it down with a feeling and do not spend your life at such a panic level, but there should be a feeling that my time is going, I am getting it together, so this was about the time, now I will talk about the learning tools, no. This is very important, if you are saying things a lot then you are more like the western people because the special thing of time is hidden in you in saying this or this or not, so I will explain this thing in 500 index with these points you How much  Let's relate, tell and apply it in your life. Now I am also taking 10 minutes of your life. Now you just have to see that in 10 minutes, you got something like mental model template to hydrate, save time in life, which will help you in life. And if it gets better then I will request you. Please like it. Only by your number of lights will I know whether the content is bringing tangible Hello Friends in your life or not.  The first point of 500 is my half inch and cocker spoon, you should always have some agenda on like of the day of the month, many people say this dialogue, hey this guy is driving his agenda, every person will type his agenda only if you  If you are driving someone else's in, then you will not pick up anywhere in the likes, it means this is Kota example, you are sitting idle, you want to rest the whole day today, this is your attend ticket agenda. The way you are sitting idle, you are relaxing and having fun, in the judgment that one of your friends will come and say, hey, I am going to see the plot, I am going to do Friday, come with me, everything is his agenda, you are sitting idle, sitting idle. Enjoying that day, that moment, being relaxed and recharged for the next week was your life but you did not laugh that he is alive, you pick him up and walk with him that he is a friend, he will completely accept us in this way. People come in life that our life is being stolen from us. When someone steals Rs. 100, 200, 500, 1000 from you, it is not a big deal. If you come to know about it, then you realize that it was a note or money, someone has stolen it, but the person has stolen it. This money of our life will still come and then we will take care of it, but this time which is slowly taking away from our life, it gives the biggest space in our life when you are in twenty-20. No, no job or early 30s, you should maintain manners and etiquette so that no one else should feel bad, no relative should feel bad, no friend should feel bad, the teacher, the professor, the guru, the father, the mother, that demon, the mother-in-law, yes in everything.  They keep saying, Mummy, that sweet, to be seen, to go out, because you are so many people in your inert i.e. you are empty, that even if you are empty, others should know that even in this emptiness, you can give peace to the mind.  You are doing something, that register, if you do n't do it, there is every big crowd, why now the percentage is few, sometimes wife, sometimes wife 's relatives, sometimes parents, sometimes friends, sometimes Bigg Boss will steal your life, life is nothing, seconds are 36 in an hour.  If you multiply by that then 246 things come out today. If you want second like like that then you have to contact him but this product can be done only when you have your own agenda because  If a person who does not know himself becomes a part of the flag of others, then this is the biggest potters. You have to write low mindedness, be in touch with people where you will be able to throw music. If it is clear in the next point, then the first point comes that agenda.  Second is understand this term course selfishness a flying now in Saavan special definition, those who told understand these terms in the pitch because as soon as you will talk like this, no one will understand even after listening to my words.  He might be feeling like he is just making me, if I understand you as this tomato then it will be easy for you to say no. Some person has asked for something from you, your time, your knowledge, your money, your attention. Has he asked anything from you? I have asked for myself, now he  You did not ask from him, he asked for understanding and if you deny it to him for any reason then he is just telling you that he asked something from you for his own sake and if you refused for some reason then you are just getting east cleared.  It is just that  You are not asking for anything just for your own sake, then he will say that if he gets suspicious again, if it did not work for me, then symbiotic relationship is different that in the society, you will do something for someone, someone will do something for you, that is right, but you have to use mind and balance.  It means that every person asks for something from you while walking, so in his life it is only 15 minutes, 10 minutes, there in your life 15 such people collided and taking 15 15 minutes, it is 225 minutes of your life which is 3.  Hours are 45 minutes, so you have to see that time from your life is not being recorded. People say, Pethal Purma, time is not being recorded and if you had taken water then the tank gets exhausted, then our water is the time of life and limited.  Happy Very Careful About Our Movement Were Alive To 95Percent 10012 Said No And Repeat Yes For Certain Situations But People Which You Decide Is Pure System Student  The thing is that the pick is consistent in this note, you should know that even if there is something different for your relatives, for the bad driver and wife's relatives, something different for people with different jobs, then your respect will be lost, then in reality you will be called that friend, that is.  This means that all your MS Word people are immediate people, they should consider your land consistent, the biggest condition is that this person does not go unnecessarily, drive the car and tell him not to receive my  When he comes to leave, he says ₹ 1000, go upstairs, he will not say money because even though people work in dialogue, this is note money, you must have heard this, both start money, remember it is always want money, here they give your money.  So they are worried that if you save money and work hard then why are they asking you to drop them, pick them up, Corolla runs, taxis run or why are they asking you to do any such work which can be done with money, then you  define  Do this if you tell people around you that one hour of mine is worth Rs 2,000, one thousand is worth Rs 5,000, whatever is worth, the same amount of value starts becoming yours, even though you are not earning but you are giving value, don't even say that it is not done by me.  And when you interact with just remember this respect for others also means that there is full respect for yourself and no respect for others, this was the third point, the main thing is this.  This is the most important Darryl Tuffy Times when the people closest to you cannot refuse. The people closest to you will come to you with problems. Now you have to note down how to do this. This is the fourth point. They will come to you with problems. They will take some advice from you. They will ask for your help. You have to see very clearly that the advice you are giving as per their situation, you are giving them support, they are happy to take it and in fact, they are also implementing it.  Is it possible that I am telling you that I am having acidity and you are giving it as an example, do n't do such things while reducing the tea, I am someone close to you, he is coming from the time track for relationship issues. My husband is doing a lot of crying and crying, my husband is bad, his wife is bad, this is worse than Krishna From, as you know, people cry a lot, I meet in India, we all are like this, it is fine, so there can be genuineness in it too, but if  You are helping him and he is using Jain Vinyas help, so next time he comes, help him again, but many people have entered such toxic situations, they enjoy crying and crying, you yourself can be like this.  You can encounter such people if you identify with this point then you can pre-write that yes also there is no crying in our life 119 Always crying is crying My wife taken from my girlfriend This is Ujjain Mandi in my life, I will tell you once or twice, he is cute and thanks for the help, he respects that thing, then tell me further if you come back baby, I give cold shoulder to your life to remove the toxicity of toxic people.  It is not true that this is your fourth point, five-five points, declared and unannounced, you Indians do a lot, we think that there is fun in it, but there is a big punishment in this fun, that is that in this you are  There is no control in life, you are discussing about someone else, what has gone wrong in his life, what has happened in the boss's life, if something has happened in someone else's life, then the image is giving release, friends are giving it, but ultimately it is yours.  If you are taking your life somewhere, then you will add one. Whenever you talk to someone, man, you people are talking. No article to any friend. I hardly have time to discuss in third person anywhere in the office. Let's see what is happening.  a conversation is happening  If ideally speaking is there then there should be benefit of both under the words and stomach and this sense unbroken gaming and toe fit were next one person should begin in order toe get beneficial clear that let me tell you the thing are you doing these or the purpose society Both of you are talking about the benefit of someone else, it could be an organization, it could be a country, it could be a society, it could be someone else's children, some other answer is difficult or thirdly, this point is difficult.  But there is such a thing in which the benefit of the one who does not speak is the benefit of the one who listens, it is the benefit of someone else, that if we make life the best by talking like this, then we will reach nowhere. How did you like this one, tell me, that's why I related it with money. If you think carefully that this hurt is the remaining time, then it will tell us what to do in life because you will not go to the s gill section in that measurable growth, then leave something situated to the mattress.  The points should take you to the part on which you want to go, so that you understand their points, you liked this video of mine on A Tiny, if you have time job related question, Hi Rab, I liked it.  If it is 30 then why write it, it is okay, life has to be done, please write the request TQ, I will keep bringing such videos, thanks.