Hello friends, this pass is history, this is Rolls Royce to the game, the richest people also have librarians. It is said by the gurus of gurus of investors in our Warren Buffet's life that if only fast was there in the game of investment, then there would be librarians who would keep track of all the parts.  They would have been the richest people, but we know that if this had not happened, the landscape of Gurgaon would have changed in the ever changing world. I will tell you with an example and in this video I will tell you along with the thought process along with the points which you have to think in your mind in the coming months of this October November-December, if you want to take and investment decision then I will not.  Subject To Market Rex Read Offer Document Carefully It is written like this And if you read in one place and below it, then you know to write Lesson Performance This Note Indicative After future returns, story is written in everything, so passed, this is just a date, you cannot extrapolate from it, my favorite example is 1024 in cricket, then in F-18 study, run rate of new Vikram 3 and Bigg Boss 6 in the episode, you can ever  You can also be 1848 so the first thing I would like to tell you is the value of  One Co Road S One Co Road Highway Restaurant People are creating inheritance money separately, their own saved money separately, money given by parents separately, money received from father-in-law's money separately. This is wrong. Money which is not self-earned is going into regulation. It will insult your mother as much. If that test is not correct, many people will remain victims of taunts from their husbands and wives for the whole life if their  If the investment gets stuck, even if the money is received from somewhere else or even as a gift, it is your performance, your family, yours. Don't go into regulation, the value of money is the same, so you have to remember this thing and give time to the other thing. You have to understand the value of money, I have made videos on this. If a person wants a detailed video on any thing, then you have to write the number in the comment section. 1.2 On the husband, on whom on the phone, I will make it for you.  On videos, you have to understand the time value for money. First thing is Yogi. Second thing is Yogi AC two tier, whom I call youth under construction. They are decreasing very less and are not visible anywhere. Whatever supply is coming, it is something else.  Is coming, their land parcels are not being received, this is the ground reality, a courier from Gurgaon is not able to get the rectangular proper parcel within 15 to 20 seconds.  Proper space which is their bare minimum requirement, so today the ninth project is going on with this work. There are only so many of the listed players and among these, the inventory has been sold at the cheapest price of 85 cents, so next year from first t20 to this Almost everything will be finished with the Inventory Builder and nothing is seen coming anywhere because if yours is visible then its registry would have been created, its maps are becoming a tree, it would have been applied for you. Because the process itself takes a year, from getting the plot registered as builder till its launch, people first buy properties that are cleared in the market when Rishi is there, those who know the answer related can get an idea that this  But so and so has taken it here, now his project will come in another 10 minutes, just like in Delhi, a very good project will come in 40 seconds, the market of the top second second top builder is in the share market, you are seeing whether there is a boom in the real estate players. I am also seeing growth. I am making the fruit of real estate. I am not making the stock of Marmak. The third thing is to calculate the average of area. To calculate the average of a road and ask for the data on it, let me talk about this. This is an inconsequential note. This is what I am telling you.  The landscape has changed, so in this you have to understand that at one place, ₹ 5000 square feet is ₹ 7000 next door and with this knowledge, if you average  If you make Rs 7000, then the decision making is not of any place, you have to oppose the specific disease but you have to do it also, you have to separate it, then you have to say that ready-made, non-my and non- branded, my one brand which is available and under construction.  My One Brand How do you have to talk, if you take an average by taking one sector, then it will consider the average as a profitable average, which will also include the stuck project, then this statistics.  There is a misconception that the statistics of moving up and down is the first classification on the average death offer stream is a river that is a small thing than a river means the people of the canal are on average date healthy feet till some big goat around which where only lap  Round ball reflection of this rave was three feet, so knowing the average, am I saved or am I drowned, so the average has got no meaning in life, there is no one. Whenever you have to take an individual decision, there is no meaning in the average which sounds like it is correct that yes average speed brother, the ratios of Indian stock market are in this dish but there are also metal stocks in it and the bank staff too.  There are also energy stocks in it. Now there are different types of stocks, so there is no use in knowing the average. If you want to know about which stock you are buying, then remove Everest from your attention, it has no meaning. Fourth thing comes.  Hai Deendayal Upadhyay Plots are coming in the range of 75 to 80 thousand, are they expensive in Rohtak Hisar, keep the gajrats at Rs 80,000, in some sectors it means it is justified, now this can also be an expensive thing, there is no choice in Rohtak Hisar.  There is limited inventory, you should treat Rohtak-Hisar market like a small cap because it has this topic and there is no liquidity.  If there is a transaction of even Rs 10, then the rate will increase and those who invest in the share market do not know in the films that the price of a share has increased from Rs 50 to Rs 100 but they are not selling it but are buying it by selling it.  If you want to sell for less than Rs 10, then the rate of fennel is astray, but as soon as it sells for a thousand rupees, there are people sitting on the road buying it, it is only Rs 10 that the duty is there, which creates a lot of wall in it, like In the market of Gurgaon, you will get real pricing in Chor Market there because white heads also go there and there are many buyers and sellers too. It is a big market so there is no benefit in comparing those small markets with big markets in terms of rates.  This is because the tension in Rohtak and Hisar is also there, brother, I used to sell 80km, the first extension of the session, he thought of the rate, now he will sit in the time correction, he will not sell the problem, so he is because Actually the time in the market is less. If you get the total plots in those areas and compare them with the buffer spread of Gurgaon, then the mismatch is very high. There, there are only dal-roti, here all the plates are available, big ones, here you can buy anything.  So should you buy that Deendayal Upadhyay plot now? You should wait for 6 to 8 to 10 months. 10,000 on extremely early days.  Deendayal Upadhyay Plot Do Not Jump You Will Find Better Players Better and Better Location And Most Important Which Is Very Important Which Very Few People Are Focusing On Side Liquid So They Don't Focus On What That Thing Is, By Doing Like This And Like This Things are coming in four key shape, so they are taking you here for 80 thousand, just 10-12 minutes away from here in Jhajjar. 22,000 rupees, 11 biggest name of the biggest player in India, you know which one, buy it there at that time, you will buy a thousand plots in its rate, although I do not understand this product yet, Deendayal Upadhyay, because I have done this calculation on it. Brother 7580 ₹1000 if you guys will definitely come out, it is more expensive than your signature noble and your program will continue for 15-20 years, in two-three years  If you make it and complete it, are you gifting it? You have only one semester left for Advisory Diesel Mechanic, so this product is in very early days, so the love for the plot is being taken out here, instead of nothing else, you will give the money left for it.  So all the plot is a plot, but it is not visible even beyond 500 yards, you have to eat Khichdi, it is a general bogie product, coming late, AC three tier price, I will say that the rate is more expensive than AC three tier. If it had come out to be Rs 55-60 thousand then I would have put it in AC three tier category. I would say that those who have come out now, those who are roaming in the market and are being forwarded on WhatsApp voice messages are AC two tier, mostly general bogie, so much camel.  Now one can say that the price of AC-1 is the same, this is the same thing, these two prices are one category out, you can't say that Swift  There is a segment of the car and I am taking out the prices of Honda City. You take out the price of Dezire and you sell Swift at the design price. We will narrate the stories of two, four and five years, will the district like it or not now, brother, in 2 years, 3.  Even if you keep it in the year and sit, you cannot sell Swift at the price of Honda City because Dezire will also come in between, still something can be said in the day category, there is a lot of variation and  The product is not from anywhere, it will look the same, and it will look the same on every road, you will see the bodice of that road, it is like this, it is present from many places, its height is only going on, I am not able to understand it at all, I am taking the name.  I will not make a product but you see this one for yourself, you have to think about this one, I have made a video on what I told you, you can watch that video of calculations, my golden equation is X plus Y Z plus Z plus I want to.  C and in that I said add equal to 1.2 C in case of Deen Dayal, put this figure of  The 7580 cat is more expensive than the 7580 cat, so according to me, it is a no brainer. You can do the decision-making fifth thing. Affordable housing still remains good for investment purpose, we are not discussing it now, but now for the first time, I will give a warning in it that the builders who, after hearing the name, have no idea how to build a project properly. Don't go and sit on the railway line. Don't take these zero meters from debt because united questions will welcome a challenge in going after not affordable too. Margins of exploration  Fifth is like there is a spike in the rates of steel and cement, then the work is already disrupted. Today Khushi, in the last three-four months, there has been very little physical progress in affordable housing because the skills had become so much. Construction material is now a little soft. Steel prices have softened.  Cement prices have softened and things will start again in October-November but this is a tricky space, no affordable housing before 5 years.  The amount of under construction which is not going to be completely ready has been very clear in this and the money will be gone in 3 years, this is also the truth, it is good or bad, I am discussing it in perspective, I am telling that if this will happen then the player who is playing now  You have come very careful, now a few projects have to be included in the PM's quantity, still some projects left, will finish, there are still some children to burst crackers, wait for the MRP dhoklas, it is okay to see you so soon 6  Things that I want to tell you, such uploading is very dangerous, the supply is very dangerous, the supply is in the SDO plots in the market, old 0f Acharya, things will be sold by telling the rates of some such places, without telling how much was the demand at that time, how much was the supply, the problem of opposition statistics is known. What are your individual statistics? Tell them here, I tell them here, then tell them here and connect them, but  The fact is that whenever it came here, how much was the total supply, how much was the demand, how much was the city growing at that time and how much is the supply coming now? If the supply of something performs well, it is fine late, then its supply is five or six.  Guna and this is what we know, we do not have to do anything, we have to go to the site of PCP, we have to go to the site of One Man Tow Haryana, how many licenses have been applied, go there and see their names, when you see the names themselves, you will get scared that this is a U plot.  The supply is coming in coming times is much more than the supply of residential plots. What brothers and sisters is the supply of commercial plots which come in 22 acres? Dexter comes in 213 acres. All that combined supply is coming in the market. This is more than the retention supply to me.  It seems that in 3 4 5 years all these people will be seen applying for change land use.  Brother, this program is not happening here, we can drop it by doing something else, it can be like this, the price is exorbitantly, you are saying that someone has to pay less Hazare rate, but then before discussing, that thing is needed by HUDA first.  As soon as the SDO was in the sector, there was a nut in the Hooda sector, there were 5,000 plots, houses were built on each, one place which would have been marketed, this was the system, now you have all your places, now they are coming.  Let's affordable flats are coming to you, you are getting 183 shops in double society, as per your wish, 6 minutes 183 six, my aunt is standing outside, my mall is built, mother 3 4 5 6, then Shobha's will also go somewhere, then to ATS. Shops of all the societies will also come for blood and after that such plots will also come, meaning everything, what kind of commission will come and now all the Deendayal Upadhyay's floors will go. Even among all the flowers, India is ranked seventh in the event by Deendayal Upadhyay. Still, it is reasonably priced. You will compare it with other things. The money and product are fine, but in this too, the office which is giving it as a paste or not.  So they are saying this by doing office space, so you see how much is the supply on the commercial side, I will take a voting on the community page, this is my request to you guys, you guys can participate in it. Participate in the survey and others can see what people want in the live comment section, still the count is less. Cover the points with these points which I have covered. On which point do you want me to make another video about them and in a better way? If you understand then I will make it on them. It is clear but if you ask then I will make the calculation on my hands. If you say on any two or four then I will make it on the point number. But go to my community page. I have commissioned a survey for that survey.  Participate in it, you just have to press the button, you will get it will take 510 and as the survey increases, the votes will keep increasing in it and as the votes keep increasing in it, you will understand something, 120 of whom are my subscribers of this party in Wear Gurgaon.  This is what I have been telling from the train for the last seven-eight-10 months and it is very important to tell openly what is going on because if and but the news does not make any sense if this happens.  It should be like this, Ajay, here, the other way should be very clear because in our country, no one can tell the reasoning behind decision-making, everyone says that after two, two is four and after one, it is not sixty.  The pattern will change, it is called this, if you read the book, Naap Blues, Black Swan is the event title, till the time Khayal Black Swan, no one had seen it, it was Nikle Talib's books, it is a very lovely book, you will understand it.  You will understand the concept that brother, when the landscape is changing outside, you cannot see the old things. During the property rate conflict between 2003 and 2008, how were the Play Stores used to come within four hours or without paying, then the rates increased. What used to be available, take it back, this type of rate market has also been seen, very few people have seen it because those who have just come, those people have seen it for 12, 13, 14 years. 2002 34567 Rohit was engaged here, it was fine but all the products were not there, whatever it was, it was like Hooda's plot, there was a lot of nothing much left at that time, it was so late, he also got appreciated but he saw the rise in Hooda's market as much as the real one because then  What you guys had till 1.4 has increased from 1.4 to 2.64. Earlier, Delhi floors were being built, now four floors are being built. When it was built, there were plots in that thing.  The story of the plate has mostly been done in the last 17-18 years, still people are crazy about returning to Kurukshetra, why don't they go to Kurukshetra, this city is famous within 28,000 rupees, subsidy in Deendayal, COD, COD, everything will be given after the mills, above that, is it ok or  Star Mar Carat will tell you what rate you will get when you take it in the pocket. So many here, will it be Rs 1.5 lakh or will it not be the next one? Oh, so be it there too.  Inflation is increasing everywhere, so you can go there also, Karnal, Kurukshetra, Jhajjar, it is fine, Jassi, whatever is yours, it is fine, so I will give you clear information on those also by telling their reasoning as to which quest tow is being replaced. Well, there are 350 tractors in Sector-2 inside Rohtak, there is a difference of 30,000 for the immigrants on the same road, so the market is like this, not very, very less.  There are transactions, hence the variation is so much, what happened in the opposite ward that the rate there is less by ₹ 3000, it is more, the diamonds and pearls here are there, but people have made 1520 plots even after that, we will remember that much by doing so much.  If those rates are kept then there is some value in the pockets, even in Rohtak and Hisar, as the sectors are different, in some there is some value in the pockets and in some places there is not much.  For days, the sector in Rohtak which was your Suncity was a liability, which is always under price, now the fate line is fine, similarly, the market of Gurgaon is a very mature market, there is a lot of choice, there is going to be fierce marketing and newspapers and everything here in two months during Navratri. Now your horses were donkeys, lame horses and lame horses, if you say four things, then I am fine, they will start merging, now by investing money on this, they will start understanding this love from a distance, it will seem like which horse is this?  I will not be conducting in this decision making, I will tell people one thing, I will tell you the parameters, I will tell you chapter wise, what is the chapter of the project, what is the payment plan, what is your Vaastu, what is the return.  Let's calculate the investment, how do you tell me the rate of the plot, today you bought it for Rs 1 crore and in four years it will be Rs 1 crore 40 lakh and you bought a flat for Rs 1 crore and its money  You gave Rs 1 crore 29 lakh in the base year 20125 in the payment plan and it increased to Rs 1 crore 29 lakh. So brothers and sisters, do the returns on investment go to the plot or the flat? Write in the comment section. Then the story goes on. The fare started coming from the flight. I bought the plot.  My plot is also increasing, but I am getting income tax rebate from the flight, I have taken a loan, I am getting the rate on the loan also, the rent is coming, my mutual.  If we are going into the recipe of the fund, then these stories play list for 20 years. How is wealth generation? Cash is less important. Capital asset is important. Life becomes better through operations. It becomes better through decisions. I have defined this syllabus.  In this video, for coming videos and why coming Avinash, so if you are not connected with me now and would like to join in these fifth classes which I will try to keep education free, most of the  There is a tree in the month of my Sunday, I will keep that dooba free, if you want to know the syllabus, my name is, the person who is connected with me till this Diwali, he will become India's number two real estate clarity tanker and giver, he will be the topper of his circle.  You will be number two because I will keep the number one position safe for myself. Okay, you all will become number two and then let's have fun. Wherever the call comes in the market, whatever call comes, you will be listed while you are on the move.  Encyclopedia Wikipedia What are the market rates and other things to ask? Market will move, answers will be asked, questions will be asked, everyone's standard will automatically increase in calling, everyone's cold will automatically increase, for that first of all you have to increase your standard, tell me how did you like this video and my Please go to the community page and participate in that survey. Write in the comment section which one you would like more to cover the points with me. Thank you too.