Hello platinum members, today I am going to tell you some things which will help you understand the basics of wealth creation. 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 If you earn Rs.15000 every month, you will earn 15 cents for 15 years.  So it will become Rs 1 Crore. You can understand the math behind it and definitely subscribe to it. It will become Rs 1 Crore every month in 15 years at 15%.  The question comes, 15000, then you message platinum is fine even during intercourse, so the question is that if you and I mix it and make you understand by using both the things, then these returns can be made. I am happy with the return capital employed.  The company has come up very easily in the investment advisor, among those who take some names, you will find SDLC Hindustan Unilever 15715 happy returns meaning money in five years, double the stock price and then some.  If you knew then it is 628 then you should check. Such names like Hindustan Unilever Asian Paints Subscribe are visible that many people subscribe the page, then 6 how many people subscribe, will buy, will buy. Even after 20 years, these products are visible to many people.  I am going into technology, it has increased so much, so much was rated, so much Saif Ali portfolio can also be made tension message to that if our this  The purpose is to let us know that 15 15 15 I have to pay and a CR will come so dat second thing at this time can I withdraw rs.15000 rent is a dutiable and it can take 15 years can I how can I create access that  Those who will set their pre-position, I get it for four years and after that I have done this method: 15 15 15, then subscribe to it, but by this, if you are 50 years old then  You will think what should I do but for the people who don't know about the young house subscribe then subscribe for them then Raees is the only one in Banna Banna Banna 149 why do they know rough mathematics, okay so that's for you to see and it is Twenty-20.  Use the format very easy, in that in how many years will your money double, you have to divide the rate of interest by seventy-two, if you grow money at ten percent, then in how many years? If you do a proximity 71.32 test that if I know the interest rate then I will know exactly in how many years will it double. For example, if you invest money at 7208 percent then in how many years will it double. 7278 in 14 years  24 cents in how many years money double lokayukta two digit baikunthpur in 3 years if I am getting 12 happy returns Brothers and sisters, in how many years will the money double? We will use more service. In six years, if I am investing at eight percent, then in how many years will it double. 728 Hello, how much noise. Okay, so this will help us in life as soon as we can double our money. We have a life time limit, so if every form of money doubles in 20 years, it will double in four years, quadruple in eight years, eighth in 12 years, 16 times in 16 years.  And 32nd in 20 years So this is the power of compounding Do rough math on the topic Starting money in four-five years Today's nine mixed double Doubling this note is extremely difficult Shilpa Singh &amp; Observe If it keeps increasing then it will be A Difficult then in this  If you feel that you want to use it, we will talk about it, this stock market will also be discussed, members will type on this page, those people are afraid to use it, we have that my one of the  He is a platinum member page, he does very good technical analysis, his writing is good, MS is less and that too, we have every most and every thing in destruction, it is not a mistake, John's civil gift, you people may have some doubts, we will clear it and you will discover.  New Companies and Five One Subscribe If you have more, then you should take it, this is all and you set yours in this way, in this comment section, we will take them next time. Being more intelligent, only this much platinum members of experts knowledge will do, then it is not to impress by using it by putting big things which I see and practically Ishwar Kinnar channel it to you, practical notification work, buying in the dorm, etc. and getting sleep at night in it and  Learn To Ignore That Specific Long And Tight People Not Doing A Wicked People Still Running Right Protected  I am not processing the pot while telling, on external conviction, on Barot Conviction, you can not welcome rich and will have to, okay then I join a teacher, otherwise, what is the meaning of platinum every month, okay then definitely in subscribe.  Took admission and [Music] Hum Soch Mein I for you guys we will discuss them God this Thursday 0151 12th Subscribe  It is also ok Raghu Dixit Dr. Join Bigg Boss, you will definitely get to learn and the smart ones among you are engaged, now how many great players are there, we will discuss about that, portfolio number and how popular is it, please request to participate, second request is please now.  Please watch the video once a day on Telegram on which something will come out if it means school Video give Malik's timing Maximum staff and [Music] Subscribe No one So you will have to torture your body a little. Thank you.