I am trying to join Office Tapas Topic S Marriage and Real State and Investments How Dare Link Piping Marital Can Learn Astrology a and Also a Real State Senator Chuck Account and Definition of Logic Rumor Shoulder Link Between All of the Day Do Not Exist in Isolation: When I post marital series videos, many people get the message that my married life is going well.  Do n't give it to me, today I am going to tell you the truth about marriage, okay, I am India's number one marital cornflour and who has made me number one, this hairstyle is one and a half okay, because number-22 has been taken for those who  Whether you are around me or better than me, you tell me, Sangeet Samrat competition will manage. In fact, God saves many sadhvis but through me they have saved me. I have confidence in everything except infidelity.  The biggest thing in a marriage is the quality of the marriage. The quality of the marriage is defined in long-term, your friendship status, your peace, your real estate investment decisions and everything. Today I am going to link up all these things. And all those who have been married, those who are going to get married, those who have just started this peace, those who are going to get married, those with children and those who are going to get married, everyone will benefit from it, what is wrong with it. And I am the latest trend of 2021 and the fear that many people have about it. I want to tell you this basic thing. Quiet property after marriage as per role. If the driver sleeps then it is shifty then the property is very big.  If his wife bought a thing worth two crores, it will be divided by ₹ 50, then people do not buy, there is a lot of discord in the affair, then if you do not kiss in the marriage, this year, your not stable mind will never want to  Purchase property show is ready for this festival. There is a lot of controversy in buying property, so you should see that there can be some other reason also. In this date, every possible and hundred percent thing is not there but expected that at this time, this time the second thing is that which  The wife is the dominus. Whoever is the dominant of the pipe in the marriage, he is the defaulter in the marriage. Your related decisions will be like this, they will be wrong, how will the bikes be exactly.  It is not 2 minutes, it is left to you, then you may be wrong because there is some religion devil's advocate in it, so it is not only scary, that is Vanaspati, it can also be that your wife, who is a Sikh, yes, yes, you understand till date.  That is, I will clear it in the middle of the day. If the property is in the wife's name, Bhavel is in the husband's name, the future is in both the names, the property can be in the name of both, or in anyone's name, the properties will be effective and the smart one of the clouds.  What they do is that when the conflict starts, they quietly get their property transferred to someone else's name. If they sell the sandals next time, then it is a different matter, but if they get it transferred to someone else's name, then they feel that the time has come when the decision will be taken by the court.  You have to reach a fool, on the contrary, the judge is very intelligent, he knows when the thing was taken, if there was less trouble, if everything was sold, then you cannot run away from these things, I tell you in this way, you should take such an idea that you have a network of properties in your marriage, which I tell people. tell to  It can't be foolish that Bittu is complete but Bodh Party is fine, so it can be like this, mother-in-law takes property in the name of daughter-in-law, you take it in the name of your mother and your wife, it's okay if you take your mother and your wife in the name of Islam, then it's your wife's property.  And she will come during the travels, rest of the mother will be there, you will have some wisdom, but having it in the name of MPs and not the star would have been fine, I have seen that there are many people in marriage jamshed who are unhappy in the messages.  Dat this dam and some people who are not in unhappy merit and who are mails and want to get property opinion from me, you know, I am also an astrologer and a lot of things, I am fine with myself, I will not do my power but I get an idea whether  If there is Wi-Fi, then many a times I give a hint or ask if I talk about something special, then they say that our marriage item is fine. Whenever a man in life says that my marriage is very good, he is also very aware.  that his  The wife is travelling. The man's marriage is as good as the man's mail or Bismil. His wife is travelling. If any man ever gives the answer to marriage divorce love marriage in 5 seconds if I support him.  Let me ask you, okay, I forgot to tell you one thing, whatever you people are identifying with and not identifying with what I say, then write the ID and if you get some new knowledge and new information.  If you get perspective, then just write something diabetic patient, I will not confuse you much, if I could keep my voice down, I would not say like this, I would stop, so if you are identifying me, I am saying things like ID.  Write it down and if your eyes are being opened exactly on the things on which it will be on my two topics, after that the channel number in 1 liter Saurav Singh, the thing which is there now, is the thing whose Sunday afternoon is this.  One of your gas can be enjoyed comfortably, this is the thing which is fine, this is for 1 minute, you can think of it as Netflix and sitting outside, going out in the sun, going out for a walk, this is the point, relax, turn on your shopping.  Do it with the family, see what he is talking about, because the children are not getting married yet, the girls are scared, the boys are scared and the border is full, the situation is changing, you will suppress everyone a lot, isn't there a rule in the world, so that is the screen effect. Then what happens is that the next generations travel to the house and the sons of the next brother-in-law say that our forefathers will commit that atrocities and so that we fabric time such a grease plug can be on any section of the world but it can be on anything.  You will have to give it to the next generations because there may be a big time in your life but there is nothing in the history that till 22 years ago, the practice of Sati was going on in our place, Lord William Bentinck, you all know it, okay friends.  A year ago, it's okay, you don't even have many friends, if 35th is closed, then like, share and I will tell you that you will have a good relationship with your wife, if not your investment, then the security of a wife will discourage you from taking wrong decisions. Those who are taught the units come automatically and then any girl's mother teaches the girl what to do in the coaching by the girl's mother. This makes the boy's mother not forget and subscribe. In India, a boy is the best thing in a girl's life. Vestige Haryana can tell that it is from Africa that a boy was born, this achievement is obscene in his figure, I was born a boy, if nothing else is required then the boy's woman is there.  Madrid taught her about gynecology that I will fold it, isn't it the daughter-in-law, I will do it to her, she doesn't know, your courage doesn't know whether the syllabus has changed under the ground, has the ground gone from under the feet, syllabus.  What has changed is that this new model is coming in 1998. Okay, now you can use their 1968 model, not this one, okay, it is looking very good, PP ID is also coming, it is looking good, okay, one person with entertainment.  He also knows the things in life, if I just brush him, he forgets that he doesn't know how to list higher. 19 things, who knows that everyone knows everything? I am Neeraj Special Edition.  I connect the chemist, I know this also, I know this also, I know this, it guarantees the habits, it illuminates the light, the astrology which shows God's astrology, the work of astrology is not to make clear predictions in the life of a person, this will happen to you, that will happen to him.  If you want to give clarity to people, then the work I do is astrology. There is a Jain astrology in many homes which is written in our scriptures, Puranas and our Vedas and all that this is the work of the society. If not an astrologer, then there is an element of prediction. Led only for the king so that he can protect the people and protect the country and he has taken that level but even the common man has taken it to the prediction level today and astrology is also according to the public, so is the astrology like Pravesh Raja.  So what disease of people get so come today I am doing and all my channel short astrology without the least too much and Rahu-Ketu a base scent with it's work my astrology is 100  In the weddings of Koi, whether this Mangalsutra was worn or this Raees is worn by Hindus, I am talking about that, if we wear it, then if it will be a wedding, then it should be joined by the body, the body will break, it used to be done like this, but today Ninety percent of women adopt Mangalsutra in their lockers and those who wear it also wear it and after 24 cents, which one has to be recharged again in 2 years like top.  Don't recharge your mobile, don't recharge your mobile. Give a guide thread. Well, earlier the thread was black thread. Now people have started printing gold diamonds and all these things in it, then from where will they address it again and again. Earlier the black thread used to be Mangalsutra.  There is no woman, there is no address for technology, now you will say, man, this topic is eating away from the mine, a girl is all gender, okay, then you address your wife's insecurities, tell her brother, I am not leaving you.  If you only buy real estate, you will buy it at the right time, you will buy it according to your budget, you will not buy it in a hurry just because your father is speaking, Masha is speaking, and what is the eldest, one is your relative, if you have two sisters, then there is competition from that too.  It happens to people that we have not reserved it or they will eventually buy it or I have made a video on this, I don't know, have you seen that the lady who has cancer but her husband will be ready to buy the property when  When you go to see her, she will say on the last Mumbai, Okay, okay, look at the butt, see that button, it allows a man to take a decision, it was MS Word, all the ladies have to play from house to house, Everybody needs a house form, an independent house, as many as you want.  You are listening, there are big and small, if you live with your parents on the same floor, have the same kitchen, then you are torturing your wife and committing a sin, you write this down, elders, stick to it, write it down, okay. Quad do, I keep, don't record, normally wince but time passionate about this modern talking and continued support and very confident, I am not doing anyone's hot body, okay, so in this you have to see that independence minute only the girl, she rents  It is possible that it may have been purchased, so why are you making a lot of mistake in this and how am I relating it to the fact that the person wearing the mawa buys property by taking a loan with the boy before marriage. That property would be worth one and a half crores. What are those sugar boys? And these parents sold themselves for Rs. 80 lakhs, sold anything to the front four and showed it to the next girl who became a party. See, we thought so well.  Live here and because many people come to me that we have to buy, now we have to get our daughter married, so it is not your free calling to get our daughter married, we have to buy ours, right? Hello I always say in all the videos  I am five, we should live together, a dozen bananas, kitchen words, two women, one sword, one new, two swords, that mother-in-law and daughter-in-law relationship is like diabetes, hypertension is like arthritis, we have to manage, find a cure, all this should be paid for, okay.  Write P. If yes, then it is fine. Many people say to him that I have to be cured. Marital Counselor. Gastrology. Burning of proportion. I don't feel right to cure mine. Aa is also not cured but this trick does not cure arthritis.  COPD does not happen, the disease is said to be clear to one person, it cannot be cured, all the diseases, now I have to manage Jyoti and in Sengar, it is good, the second thing is what is the biggest problem in real estate and in marriage, bring the daughter-in-law, first pass, first to yourself.  It is like a student comes to the new college and you are doing a normal experiment on him. He is getting top 4 because his threshold is so high, right? That girl did not cook food at her home, she probably cooked with her husband.  Till then she will learn it by burning but you are like sitting with the principal, meaning what a student has to do, what will he do, you are being judgmental on Sir all the time, okay then that girl Bhagwat Ek Prajapati, ok mostly kiss.  What's the point in taking the excuse of job and leaving? Well, who suffers the most in this? You are seeing all the mails of 22, 23, 24, 25, 35 years. How stupid is your note?  It is worth noting that you have taken a load of 70 lakhs with your parents, your parents stay at home, there is still delay in living, then I will go to Bangalore, you stayed in the village, you are an IT guy, now take a job, I will also go to Bangalore.  Will you open Bangalore? Yes, we are going to Bangalore, so we have gone to Bangalore. Okay, let's go, why are we going? Hippocracy is very Indian society. Why are they also knowing that we should go? 70  It is obvious that he is a lakh robber, okay, he will have to be accounted for after death, then you will find someone, you have made 70 lakhs, now that boy goes to Bengaluru, he has to buy it in Shobha Windsor there, but brother's 70th kilo is going on there.  Okay and the skin topic is of loan, he is going to be very interested, so now he says, put the copy of the loan, now you also say okay, you will be different, I, I, take my pay slip also. I will also give money to my father after taking 2 lakhs for improvement. The property is not for one crore now. I have to take it for one and a half crore. I am going to have a child or I have to decide whether to do so but don't get angry father. Job uncertainties these days, I am getting so much loan, that's why I do it.  He is but that means his limited company lost his job, then friends must have seen that he had beaten his wife, took a loan on the basis of his wife's job, his wife is pregnant and has left the family, now I will be in trouble.  And many times he does this, the child is born small, his own Sushruta is not coming along and helping me, I live in Gurgaon, any woman who earns money, people get angry with her, okay the statement is big, how come you are teasing that it should be done only if it is done.  So women are not doing jobs, are n't they talented, yet they are everywhere in board exams, girls even outperform boys, boys are the boss when it comes to going to IT and getting a job.  Then comes the turn of girls, they are yours, they are till 12th and 18 year old girls, so many underwear, what happened to them? All the women who were in India's workforce in 1992 are now one or two percent less. The women who are in the middle age of 60 years are the same.  If you can work in the post, if you are in the middle then you can do any work and if you can work till 60 then there is a period of 40 years due to which the percentage is going on 18-19 percent for how many years?  Twenty-five percent not crossed brother, never even high, and right now they are getting close to the question. First, look at their fault with the snake, you girl, now look at the fault in this, the society told whose boy it is, brought the girl, brought her into his house, kept her clean and live together.  If the girl is okay then there will be a lot of trouble, now she has taken the boy to another city, now the giver there is pale, after a year, he wants to have a child, now the child is born to the mother-in-law, whether I will raise the elephant to help you, you go to do the job.  Go and get one more egg because there is a rift and what about the boy so that I can leave the job, will you leave the job to take care of your child? Now the girl many times tells her mother that you come, now it also depends on the mother.  Mother's own son, second one is a girl, it depends, it also depends on mother's health, and on girl's day, they think that friend, disease is called disease in Haryana, disease etc. and over, it's okay, see, you see and you.  will come sometime  There was an emergency, but this child, well, you see, the child who was born at six months, turns one and a half years old in one year and turns three in another bloody year and as he grows older, he is more and more naughty and more.  Her supervision is needed and the child of every month will sleep for 16-17 hours. The 22-year-old is fed and fed to his full capacity. This is the president. Sudha is needed. A nanny is needed. Daddy is not in India. Grandma used to go to Delhi, not in America, there is another one.  That's why bhai waali is popular in India. Ok, so the problem is that real estate is healing. What happened to clove in real estate? First of all, ok, eat rules and power is not for girls. Yes, power is never wanted by anyone. Power listens and destroys peacock.  Sadbuddhi to latki and more sadbuddhi do boy someone wrote below and more power to girls re mexico do do girl na na main anti un me do i am telling very balance things see power to girls  Agar aap me chalo sab badi set girls ko power hai ok answer main kuch to main 2012 bhi IAP movement for everybody in the history of mankind kitni history of clans saal se insaan jeera hoga ok hai in the history of mankind in every country not to miss India USA Middle East and Tennis Entry and Country Women have the most power and equal rights as much as they had in that country if that enemy  She was not a master of driving a car, even two years ago, she fought today, which was causing damage to the country 186 years ago, so she has become the Prime Minister so many years ago, it is okay, so MP Sub Jerry has this trick on tight paper.  So are our women the happiest in this life i.e. is the woman of the 21st century happier today than the woman of the 19th century? What I would like to ask most is that the woman who gave birth to 810 children a hundred years ago  Her husband used to harass her and children also used to die and this was another torture in her life. What if any of her happiness was noted by customs and a survey was done at that time, then out of 100 she would have been late.  If it was sixty-five, then do you want today's bread? She is giving birth to only one child, she is giving birth to a child in good conditions, she goes to work, the rules and regulation in the society are very sweet, if it is okay according to the launch, then is the female voice the most?  Is he happy? No sir, not the happiest. Changes happen due to sadness. It's just that expectations change. So what I am saying is, do that program even once. Please do a higher order meeting. Taking it on episode basis means do n't start rolling.  Go because maybe I will put some portion of it on YouTube, okay, so to make it holistic, what am I telling you, what is the first wrong decision in real estate, so if we stop doing wrong in life, then we should take care of our figure.  And it happens that what is right is Sherlock Holmes, if the one who has followed Arhar Comment Dial is right, the one who writes and has the character of Watson in it, then he asks people with the character of Watson, brother, how do you react? He is at the crime scene. Duis chalo chup liability se sure tattoo aaye another notice impossible witch can't happen water remains some of the same if you have to choose then same when life stake holder wrong Things will lead to disaster. The rest of the issues will become decision-making. So, the first thing is that the son should keep the same kitchen set as his own. It is wrong for the father to take a joint loan with him and get stuck in the same flight. Why would you bring a 2BHK for your son?  There is also one, he will adopt you, you will give yours, it is good for any couple, girls also understand that brother, one husband and one son, who is separated from his mother and is living on rent, this is a better idea Lenovo Big Kothi  If I am living in the house, the power of the mother-in-law is directly proportional to the status of her husband and the status of the son. Anderson's emotional connection with the mother is very important. The opposition is definitely right, this is science - no PCM marks have fallen, engineers have fallen like this.  All these things are not great, no one has read them, there is another sleep center in the society that I don't know, listen carefully and say that this is courage, this breath has as much nuisance value or power or something. What is the status of this best and whose husband is Patti and it is dependent on the son, then if it is dependent on the son, then we will hold the son and worship the cars, we have created them, let me ask you long questions, it is bad to answer you people, it is bad to participate. Answer  What will all of you do? A son who comes with his wife and his parents should stay in that folder. Give this smoker, it will be a little idea, now will just one per second, okay, now how many girls are there in it, how many boys?  I don't know how much of a group I don't know, but I don't see much. Will take this portion for 15 seconds and Indian oil. What did you mean by that? Write whether a boy should live with them or not.  Okay, so cancer, yes, yes, okay, these are also some people who are coming, very good, very nice Sumit Sharma person, should not be okay sir, yes, it is okay, all these scientists are coming, no problem, I started feeling a little confident that I am absolutely here.  Now thirty percent of all these items were sent, how much time in light bill ordinance is there in the verification hair pack and how much is your current cancer type ok 280 number two take ok ok  This is done, now I want to ask you one thing, I want to ask the second question of this, the boy's mother is alone, his father is gone, there is no father, now the girl will be in a little more situation like that, the boy has only his mother and no father, many people are like this. Answer with Is now that breath should that mother live with her son in a houseful or not ok stop now time starts now now who will come now tell me a question to you now this is old this will come right now ok now we only  I am alone, the situation is changing, I am okay, after writing those written things, now all these are more, this very nice poetry written is okay, I am very nice in 15 seconds and the mother is alone, * forced to love the son in these  She does n't love people, it's okay so she should live with her son and daughter-in-law, angry with the beautiful, I mean, I should tell 49, we are getting 95 cents and say yes, okay now. Tell me someone, I will ask the question when I say ok go, only then it is ok to answer ok all added 99% yes ok very nice I want to ask one thing I will ask you one thing asked the doctor to give it I am forced to give something written ok ok Sukh  I give you spinach leaves, eyebrows as I think, no one like this can be seen in the records, there are people with better thinking than me and in the public domain, without thinking the way I do, this thing is better than me.  You can play a lot of roles, people may not play roles till now, till you know it would be nice to tell you the truth, then you have to see it, tell me a question that when a child is born, it comes in the stomach and delivery takes place.  There is a difference between the birth of a girl and the birth of a boy, and when he grows up, there is some difference in the fact that if the mother is more exhausted than the new trans mother, the delivery of a girl is very relaxed. A boy is born with a lot of trouble and is brought up with a lot of trouble.  goes and a boy is a boy and a girl is  The poor girl will be born like this and she will go to the village and go to the fields and she will be born a girl, okay, and for the boy, I do n't know what will happen on delivery, what flowers will blossom and what grade work will be done, it happens that it was not happening, okay.  If yes then it is not so then you tell me if the girl's mother is now the question has changed. The girl's mother is single and she is the mother of two girls or the mother of one girl. It would be like this if your wife is a girl or two girls and a brother.  What if it is for him and his mother? This one should stay with you They should stay with you Questions from time starts now Tell me yes We are the mother of the boy and the girl Children There is no need to have a place here That yes here you like who wrote this then you are doing the same thing Many people are trying to measure the size  If you show genuineness then only the fiber is ok, one or two have written that in this the boy's menstruation is less, all these are fine till now and if you give one then don't write the answer, I wrote this there, one never wrote that the place is fine.  If yes, then you tell me, should the girl's mother live with her daughter? She is your daughter. This is what the public is writing. If it turns out to be a YSP, then she would write that means, OK, it is fine. Inside student arrested and disturbed question is a small one. I will tell you that you want to three.  End four answer is this, you all have to do 182 more, now I am asking the third question, here is the boy's father, not his mother, it could be mother or mother.  She would still have eaten her bread, she could have come somehow, okay, this Sonuva could have also been a side effect, ladies, she could have worn all four clothes on her broom, as per her wish, so do you people know what are the signs that father is alone, the boy is alone.  He is a boy, he has girls, whatever resources he had and if he doesn't have a wife, is it okay, then should this father stay with the boy's family? Yasmin Adher, father is Atul, father is Tarsal 6570  75 Okay should remain Very Good Very Good Very Good Very Good Your A is very good Very Good All this will remain Wealth You please answer Very Good Mostly Porn Is Cold Not Mostly Yes Okay From equation two If a girl's mother is alone then it should remain because  This literature is quite an equation, if the boy's father is alone then he should live together, then basically if this sequence continues throughout the thriller, the boy has remained in the same house, it is necessary that the boy's father should remain the girl's mother.  Lives in 2 BHK. Trivedi's death is not possible. Even if we have ginger and cases, is it okay? I have made many comfortable situations in myself or in my tile notes. This cannot happen because everything is possible to happen.  Brother, I have to go one by one, don't you always do that work like suhagan desi movie, then send it on 101 so that both husband and wife are the same, that is the rarest of rare cases, women are 7 8  9 4 I will take it okay and I don't know you Brahm on emotions, this poor too, when there is poverty, where only 10 people will live, we have heard some of his, my audience is my audience oh my God inches middle class so I am frustrated this  I was very busy and I don't know how to live, so what is the answer? Answer, rest is everyone's own life and whoever wants to do whatever, father can keep mother also.  What is there to keep in mind that they will give you the fare exactly 10 meters away from you, the feature that is going to be launched for seven days, it hits the brain hard, it gets bad, it can be arthritis, it can be different types of diseases.  You can take more medicines, medicines and your children too, your children should be with their grandparents to study in such a situation. After 2 hours, now they have got their vaccinations, it is okay, wish them a happy birthday and celebrate Diwali ahead of the game.  Have to celebrate Holi, don't be a worker, come Rakshabandhan, eat pakodas and drink tea, every evening the son goes and gives money to his parents because he has been displaced by his parents. If you are not poor then you are managing yourself and if the mother  If you are also living alone, then see, you have to stay alone, mother. You have to understand that someone's spot has gone, no one can fill his absence, how many children and every person has to become spiritual, for his old age, his income is not dependent on his next generation. That son, whoever is saying that we will keep our mother clean, we will give two cups of tea to our mother, we will not change our mother's bedsheet, we will do this to our mother last, this is a matter for you for the world, as Rajesh Khanna said.  It was a matter of peace in the heart, you have to serve my mother, oh brother, relationship model does not come, make me a non- mental conditioning piece of people, my business is running well, but the daughter-in-law who stays away from you, serves the one who is with you.  There is no Surya, there is little father nearby, leave this second Shaurya, I am not painting the daughter-in-law as a villain, I am muting the breath, but we do not get along with each other, brother, we do not get along, it is like, what does it mean, tell me what is the relation, etiquettes and formality will not be formed if it is the mother-in-law -  There should be a lot of formality in the relationship between daughter-in-law, son-in-law and mother-in-law. I say to my daughters-in-law with Moksh, like my daughter, run away from my company.  She can hit her daughter's slippers, she is not mud, she can do anything, she can say something wrong to her mother, just like you all the women fight with their mothers every night, they fight with their mothers the most, they say good and bad, but they are only one.  Daughter, if your blood is of your blood, then 50 yes, these sins are forgiven. Son, I don't know what they say to their parents, if any parents then urine is as much as human race, if there are many crickets, like this thing, don't buy real estate in the same place.  Ok  You will take few questions on this. If this thing disturbs you a lot, then brother, I will not change my thinking very much. Maybe your house is great, you are in that part percent where nothing like this happens but where whoever thinks it does not happen.  Neither is that compound interest being added silently. At many places, the whistle of the pressure cooker lasts a little. It depends on how much progress you have made today and what is the capacity of that pressure cooker. The whistle will start early in a small pressure cooker if you  Today the pressure cooker has been set on high i.e. Jo Biwi's search should be chain Shakti's wife 's threshold, Jo Shakti's threshold is how much is the city, the city has become so heavy that in the last 2 years, some have mixed five in one year, some have mixed in 17.  Take 125 deaths, see, okay, so this is only the remaining girls, who have to progress in their career, who have to progress in investment, who have to progress in real estate, who have to improve their life.  This has to be taken too far. He will never keep his wife and his mother together under one house. He can keep it from top to bottom, one thing from the kitchen, that women have a big dream since childhood. They play dolls and dolls in the house.  I want that bedroom of my own, when will my washing machine run, what will be kept in the fridge, that you have to Freedom House, should tell me that non-veg is kept in one, there is care taken of it, can you have you of education system also in the kitchen? Meaning, such measures in one pot, one will cook this kind of food, one will cook that kind of food, why one should not live with old people, Munmun Rai, many people should avoid that food, give company to others, robbers, made for children, 19 not eaten  They are going on their own training, keep it aside, they have to eat four chapatis of bread a day, they will take it by making their own, why so many, why did your parents give you a party, you do not need to nurture your blood, brother, if Magh Purnima is also forced for you,  near  Keep it brother, there is a need to divide that 2BHK, take one BHK on the side, take it on rent even if it is very bad, in America, a 15 day old child is made to sleep in another room and he has a gold medal and he is more successful than us.  Neither are we more into sports than India, but we don't know how much we take care of them, we will go to Japan for 40 days, she will come, someone's sister will come, she will kiss, everyone will be fed, everything will be lovely, if it is a boy, we will do it with great joy. Unfortunately so and all this speaking today have enough water replacing that not because after great no unwanted world bed sons and daughters request to were good and bad today there is advantage in being a father of a girl app used to get a new job and in the house  After that, the boy's father also has to get married, you are also getting more real estate, now he is making all these videos like this and in the world, whatever is happening in the world, make it.  Not the thing is happening in the world because of my speaking, okay there is going to be such a big inflation but he did not get the job as per his wish, then there is the tension and fancifulness of the father, the boys did not get married for 32, 33, 34 years because they are not able to settle down and  Girls have all the pressure of feeling that I will become a doctor, I will be an engineer or I will be working in a corporate, this and the boys are getting up and doing exactly the opposite of you, this is the rule of law, they have committed some sins, they got the old time that this day  to see  Are you feeling proud that if you are having a girl today or you are the father of a girl? Over it is a very good turtle. In being the father of a boy, there is no need of eating and drinking when you are born in the morning. There is no need of repeat in the girl too. Anna Kha Aur Hai, some movies like this were made by the British, where the boy and girl had role reversal and not like that, but today I would like to tell you that some such comedies have been made but a comedy in real life.  then pasting it  How many people have started doing this after falling, tell me, there are such things in this area, someone said PT also celery, what to do if you stay together, the village will whistle, brother, if you stay together, ghee and other good things will come out, then you have to take it.  In the retirement world, yes, it never works that much, but the taste is sad, today there is tension in not having a son, but being a man, first do college, then do a job, the girl should not even do a job, the work is fine, how will it work without a boy.  Come  If there is tension in the boy's father too, then I will say in real estate, its my iPad, this topic is now real estate, I have to buy it thinking about it, I have to buy it small, people are buying it for show off, so that my relative will come and see and they don't know how big my place is. Now, according to your status, take two multiples, looters means big butter, if your status joint is two crores then take it one above and if it is two and a half crores then take it at one and a quarter, okay please this.  Don't cry because of the elders, it's okay and please add the girl's family too, please help your daughter's son-in-law, it's okay, where it definitely happened, I ignored it, the responsibility of getting the girl's job is directly on the girl's mother since last year.  To become cultural, I don't know money, I don't know my son, I saw a little whether I should take this money, this 80 thousand rupees, the girl is a lecturer, 80,000 rupees are coming to Haryana government, which means two suits every day, months are being given to the breath, morning truth.  Take it from some brigade, how can it be very good, otherwise she has incentives and when she gets married, she is in the J700f age, then she is breathless, she has gone through menopause, the remaining survive friend, hormone changes and cheese, Dabang is still old 6t wali like this. Ballia is small and if a man has the strength, then do it. Look at him. Tune change after hitting 7075. This should also be the truth of life for Radhe's parents who used to speak like this in childhood.  If you are in 60 in the answer, then take a little bit here, do it, then this is the truth of like, but the initial spread of Star Sunny has to be revised, how much property does the father have, how much property does the father-in-law have, what properties start?  Have you met your daughter or son? Her life is 15 years old and she is on her own. 1520 is with you and your father-in-law is with you in 1950. Your parents are in 1950. Are you also gone by now?  Brother, I have turned 70, all your expenses, all the light, all the Switzerland, four mauras of roasting the world, all the ghee is gone, you can't wait like this, when will my parents go, my share will come, ok, many more children, good days, good, good, look at me, mine, hey  What kind of a day have you given to me, why should I give you my income, that's why I am living, so while I am alive, I ask my parents that I don't want curtains while I am alive, why do n't I even want this, because there will be as many loser boys as there are.  Unfortunately this generation that they do not see anything ahead, the wife got upset and asked him to go and get something from the old man so that he can move forward with his life, Jhingalala, this is a different problem, so it is not an easy solution, seven votes on one solution, pass ₹ 5 pass  You will be useful to others in your life. As long as there is only honey in your life, it will remain there. No one will have any questions about this thing.  If you want to ask then I can ask three questions that I am ok admin you can ok ok top 3 questions you can ask If you have a question on this thing I will wait related can type and I will answer Vinayak me to the second subject It is my part, everyone accepts it, loot, most of it is illegal, the question of you is on the table, Monday, please make the subscriber's statue agreement that I have come.  Don't believe in this. Hey India, it's okay. America is already following it. If you are going to separate then this is yours. What are you talking about? This is a word in Hindi and English. If you tell me, then this is not a money maker, that is.  According to which one has to buy on the first day and half of the father-in-law does not have his own house or if the son has a house then the difference in his house is that if the son does not have time then the son will stay on rent and the father-in-law will stay at the house then take both of them.  Big, not even me  Get it done, if you don't want to buy a house, then who said that you have to buy it, you have to live in the house, in India, even the rent is 80 percent, people are not able to pay even the rent for home partnership when we are not there, then it is necessary to get married.  Who said that if I am not able to pay the rent then prove it to me, now you live in a slum, you will get it at a low rent, the answer is simple, of course, why is there anything that stops me from falling into a slum, if I am no longer a good girl then that's it.  If you want everything else, then everything will burst, then hello, see what is there in life, let me tell you a very simple thing, tell it again and again in the video, this input output tax, if you do not like your output, change the input, if you cannot change the input, then set the output tax. Daily Karma You will have to suffer the consequences of Karma. It is said in Hindu Sanatan Dharma that nothing is right, nothing is wrong. Directions and Consequences IF Game Repeat for Benefit Every Buddy is Late Question and confidence which nothing to show what do you have to the which dac hai coat se ghayaal ke se akshar and your desires to short wave ka it karna aisi hua hai seva two parents community absolutely but work location they sil want to Hussain home town to so bright side on update how to take medicine center current house and bad house in home town tute and from this pin code hand  Here the lips were present inside open and intellect in difficult, if I get scared of you then Prince, if I get scared then tomorrow will also get scared, then add this more to it, okay scare me in your life, I am scared of my parents too.  I am afraid of my wife too, I am afraid of my boss too and I am the bell of the temple. After finding the handle, many children of such temples go away. I am tired, it is okay, look at the relationship that is a compromise.  Very long word on relationship is two injured in time adjustment is Vitamin E Hello how to interest ladies wife mother and mother login in French what to do be honest and consistent and live even in case of cigarette smoking I will come to two houses so in case of single parent  Even then, she also remained in peace and you will also live next door, take the rent, if the rent is late, oh brother, you are the best of all because you are living in 3 BHK. You want to keep your mother clean, send her to 3BHK, take 2BHK and whatever money she earns, put it on rent to her mother. The bus is over on the fifth floor, right next to it. That sir, it is not married, special service salary and old you should be paid salary please.  Channel for him, here this first first feels good, like a tree, it has grown, flourished, but released, the real lies in its own way, children, whatever you are, you are part of your Baba's plot.  There will be a registry and you have built your own house and taken a loan against your salary to pay the rent. But if you have got a job in your government college, do n't say anything. It doesn't happen that someone said that it is your son's house and it is from the parents.  If you would not have lived on rent, Paris would not have been like this. You will definitely live there. Told the parents that there is a need to talk in the society. Now I am telling the parents that every child does not do any work. You get a four-storey house built, you yourself live in one and the parents live in the other.  first a I will be your sister, I will be your brother, I will make you more earth power, now this and to make then your different phones are okay if nutrition is one to one yes yes that diode sister Sigrad boy not done apps which gives its driver sister its Keeps me with you, look, if you have to keep me for two months, three months, six months in case of emergency, till then I can do something else, it's okay, but if you keep a good boy, then you should leave his wife and go away, he lives with his sister, I will do something else, it's true.  Also like this because the diet lady who has become a driver can earn money, the country is running on a free hand and if not, then she has to pay money on rent. I am sending her sister to the pen on isolation, there is a pile of one room.  Give me anything 3578 Whatever was dropped and she will live with her parents If this is your means Half share in the property of parents Very very very sad What do you do Want to grab all this from your parents Sister  If you don't want to give then how can I take the properties from my sister only for a short period of time? So my life is a bit complicated. It is said that it is simple that there is no difference between a boy and a girl, there is no difference between a boy and a girl, half of the property is the girl's driver and the boy's diode and in this  There is no talk of any property and they collect money. What happens if the girl's driver falls asleep? She is not found in the rally. She did not get anything in the divorce. She is like her husband and it has happened. Tell me, you give this card a shot at a simple answer.  The answer is that a woman deserves her own home. If you can't provide it, don't marry. It's not necessary for everyone to get married. And I am telling the girls clearly that wherever you feel like this, don't send your boys.  You send your girl to such a place where she gets one Independence Day minute, gets a fare and by telling them that such a situation will ever come, don't do it, it is a compulsion of boys, now people are nothing.  If yours is a boy or a girl, why are you both mine and if you had a balance then it would have been mine for girls and boys, 100 by the grace of God, Megha combination is fine, so both of mine are fine, it is not a big deal that I am left alone, everything is done every day, mother. What is this Bollywood about living alone, it has shown the boy's mother in the form of Nirupa Roy to many and this IT has pity on the boy's mother, but no one feels pity on the girl's mother. Wearing a silence saree and we will look like an aircraft, only a rich girl's poor mother used to marry Bill's son, always in the notice, when some people have seen that our zero type has come in life that the boy's mother is poor and  I am a girl, if I am saying that keep the boy's mother separate and keep the girl's mother together, what am I saying to everyone? I should search for a boy or a girl, it is over, half an inch, Tmail, Pooja, wife, mother, electricity, no independent unit.  Does he have the idea of ​​what happens when? Apart from this, I will tell you the answer, today is a very big night, so this is my name, that old mother, today is the day. Unfortunately, did he ever get this in the syllabus that generations live alone, they always travel, and no expert yes when  This very thing, her husband never gave her any separation and when she has time, she will feel it, then this fool got torn on both sides, this raw unity of Arvind Singh always accepts him and her commitment.  If not society, then you tell me. All types of TV channels keep coming. Hey, something special for your time. Time has come. Now you will finish power saving watches. And mother comes for jewellery, isn't it all the mobiles? Camera comes, then these touch screens are being made, Android is not being made, Nokia is not finished, garbage is not finished in Chakkar, now all houses will be made in Chakkar, Lali Delhi is not being made, neither is this society's page, this is the boy who is the mother of the boy.  The girl's mother says that boys and girls are equal. In the society it is said that boys and girls are equal. If you do n't follow then what is the point of mixing them. It is not like that everywhere, boys and girls are the same thing and ministers with their own and recruitment.  I will not be able to cover the rest of what I have to cover. How are you all? Comments Boy-Girl Lattu Cut Long Story Short Advantage Girls and Girls Wala is It Good-good, I am nobody, special society, best results, okay, there has been a lot of atrocities on the girl, and so has been done on women, and the biggest of the sharp enemies, and some man is a balance factory, okay, so this time has come, so it is like this for a few days.  It will work out, everyone will be equal and in a few days everyone's tantrums will be over, everything will go to the specifics, everything will be known that it is only now that you cannot go out in the court, you cannot go, there is no program, you are not able to watch the movie.  swimming pool and  All this may not be roaming around but it is like this above you to accept life life is all about activities okay no dance girls only thing opportunity violin or property rights jewelery stars operate and various forms of profit from a leaving and there is something like this you can understand by seeing  Get married, otherwise you are scared, devotees, it is necessary for us to get married, but all the girls are bad, all the girls have bad courage, Roshan, you too. What will you do with acidity, what has happened to Bachchan, see what more people, all the girls are useless, all the girls' vices, what is the reservation in India due to the crying of Ahmed Parishad, don't roll fifty percent of the inspiration which is there, otherwise don't spare half the trust.  It is true that girls' people also appreciate good boys and good boys' people are afraid of good girls. Only friend * What is written is only the same Sangh's property and switch off Paris website, we meet in noisy divorces. That this is from Delhi but has been received from the stomach, if it has come to you then you will get it, no loot, lighting, Ayush and subjects' topics, add start now in the second topic on home loan, I want to tell secrets of home loan, okay, every word of you. Should be applied Airlines and which you are not applied most 99% If you don't know then how will I do then if you know then you will do it ok in second subject Home  Attack on loan Note that if you want to remember in life then you are a big player. If you want to buy property then you are a big player. If you want to take a loan then you are a big player. If you want to go out to eat then you are a big player. Do anything.  In this case, if the car is from the showroom This is a pick player, it is not a matter of him sitting with a car, he got the benefit of a quarter inch which will be back cleared and he will have the agencies of multiple banks, it is okay that now he has the genesis of multiple rights, that is because every  Only you can give this particular business to the bank, you cannot say that I took LIC for ICC for SDMC and PNB's rally, I have only one Kepler, want it in this year, give it five donations, then that agency.  It gets canceled for one case, no one gives it, all these things are in the subscribe threshold print, I do n't know how many people do n't know, I am telling you, not everyone knows that sir, banks take commission, look at the tube for loans, this is you.  If we go to a different discussion, then I am not able to understand why the common man is so frustrated that friend, this is said to me, it is understandable to me, you learn to modernize, you can do all the work, you do not know how to get it done here.  I am teaching that it is only the travel stations where the boys and girls are withdrawing the money. If I am a boy then I am thinking of a boy, why don't you look at it holistically? Look at it, how can you gain from it, don't try to change it.  What is happening, you should learn what happened, you could have earned brother, if everyone looted you then it means that all the passengers are fools and do not take Italy as it is written, it is okay, many people feel bad, in this we all give one.  Common man Stupid thinking, there is no clarity of knowledge, they loot those who have it, then this has been happening for centuries, so instead of crying for them, you are an intelligent man, whom you will intersect, then you catch it, pay attention, you say that this is the hard work of the institute.  It seems that one has to spend money in this, one has to work hard to gain knowledge, so what is easy, type this in phone format: This robber took away, he took away.  Sab Barwa This is really good I am not a fool even red I am the best listen to what I am saying use join portion ok am hes hold overload effects this commission permission has to be killed mess in property is not in decorative shiv puja will buyers  You have to pay one rupee, ok, now you will take up the power of attorney and the opposite property, the property of the builder floor, the illegal property, the two rooms that are part of the property, you will have to pay something on the property paper, brother, when will you be free for you?  There is money in it, I don't know how many people have to give it. You alone, sister, have to give a little. If you have someone to give, what fruits have to be given? Don't say half a cup. Whenever you say something in life, say it in full. Please, you are struggling.  Whenever you decorate your life by spending some grand, you will get people to eat. There was a rich person who was removed by doing weekly, in which he was completely very expensive, this land is all very assembled Kashmir and in that, a man dies and when two of them come to know about it, They want to eat the insurance money, then two become partners for Rs 5050, after some time three get to know what happens at the end of the land, tell the whole village, this packed whole village was in the word inspector and all that.  It is seen that pumpkin is planted in the whole village because everyone has come to know about it. Now the first person in it is the one who says, ' Brother, you are doing wrong in this house' and the others are coming to know about it and they are demanding their share.  Happy will be very realistic in practical life and will prove that the biggest sin of the middle class people is money on cigarettes and my consultation fee money is negotiated with me. Karachi did not get too many votes.  Hey, you set it up, I will take the flight and you are not ready to give me Rs 50, but you will give the percentage of registration to the government, it has nothing to do with it.  Five questions from your heart to the Government: Tasty toe will grow the government in the middle, or when you go to make a builder bar agreement, if you are a builder and are not registered, if there is a twister, then the lawyer's son will take ₹ 5000 to toe whoever.  He can take the fifth pass separately but you don't know anything. You will give him Rs. 5,000 and then he will stick your Red Cross slip of Rs. 500. Okay, that's not necessary.  He does n't even take or give a copy, he is in her grip again and Papa is ready to rob you due to fitness, on that day it happens that you go to register the property, on that day you are getting married like a boy's talk, money band baja.  Those who keep asking and keep taking out notes, hey, if you go there then you will click on something from where you have to start, then I am one step at a time, brother, thank you, the list is very long because they are kind of a little  have to do I am going on to learn pendency, so there is a problem of middle class among you, this is my webinar for free, so more people join, I will give tuition on tuition, you will be weak in the office for a week because you do not know the person who is connected, who is running every day.  Those people are coming every time, you know brother's behaviour, so he comes in a group of fifty-sixty people, every time he does not even wait for the topic, he straight away takes 100 hits. Okay, now I have told him about the tree in the room.  If I get a room hunter, then my expenses are also increasing. If I am late, then now even if I keep everything free in this, I have taken such an oath that if it is okay to improve the society, then this.  On NS2 today I have pet much more than a quarter so much and its half day is happening 40 days game and oils paper diary and toe stars and main jab bhi stambh are given kakudwa tab tak mein kuch  I go to learn something new, then its rate increases, then I earn more, I think my knowledge will be given, knowledge is the button that I am, then I come up with something else, so I am connected to this WhatsApp group where I earn 11000 rupees. To start the month of selfless giving in 2008, this face is my WhatsApp group, one ₹ 10 and subscribe My YouTube and 10 of the German Shepherd also takes 30 percent YouTube takes 20 cents  Government will take the tax and it will increase by 5%, I will get ₹3 in only Rs.30, I am uploading premium videos on WhatsApp group, I have a plan to upload very good songs, I am still not very satisfied with the good songs that I have posted, I have improved it from 5 videos. But I can put whatever content of mine in it because right now I don't do it any more, list number and people asked me if I want to roast in it and give money in YouTube, in the world Paytm does it. Now the man is not as non-veg as he is, don't feel bad about me, what is YouTube Scrabble, brother in the stomach, I want you too, couples with rules, I want to tell my reality today, I don't want to have interactive features, I want winners and  Award Winners to Make a Bigger Winner is Not Want to Motivate and Liberty Motivate Key is a combination of human body and you have got the key of motivation to live life  If you need it, brother, I had informed you that he is a motivation speaker, he is a very good person, I am fooling you by saying something, ok, why are you fooling me, I am feeling good, I would have listened to people's words, there is no point in entering life.  10:30 There is nothing, okay, so we are there and speaking in such a sexy way, pick up between two million million subscribers, cage is okay, Sandeep Maheshwari, 28 years from the middle.  The children who are getting jobs are being told what they say, they should do like this, they are insisting on Tuesday, Gandu is the world and the website which is on the back side, they say that whoever sits should be punished in this generation.  Farmers, do the work, don't take knowledge. 22 year old 14 year old children, you earn money in this way, wrinkle such deeds, this is taught by Amazon as an ultimatum, anyway, why do n't you earn four paise?  Are you nearby? You mean, if you don't have money for the Affordable Housing Authority, is it okay to give sheds? So what would the public say? I want passive income on the first day. I turned 14, didn't I pack? Why just so that I can sit at home and eat? I would have told the girls.  Son, please protect your duty and marry a fat party. Keep me healthy in marriage. Give me a factory for semolina also. 4 one arrow Vinay Kumar Zaheer boy has no treatment, no money.  Then we still need the girl's pass, now the girl is not very beautiful, her personality is not great, then brother, your luck is bad because even then someone will fall in love with it. Look, whether you like it or not, you like it. Subscribe, okay, so money.  It is no less, even in rich houses, the girls who go there remain very sad, but in Italy, where the boys go, the number of deaths of their husbands is less, because today he is with the army, he has whipped such a hunter whose husband is bringing Murli, the husband gets a son.  tells about  You may be there, but she will ultimately say on your face that if we are living on your crumbs, then never marry in a rich house where the boy is not allowed to work. Many people are getting the boys married that look at our car, look at our farm-house, this ruler of ours.  It is not that boy's and then here those girl's people will say, well, in the name of the boy, then the boys will post this on WhatsApp, the girls have said that dirty etc. You are not worth anything, you are marrying them on the strength of your father. Need on name so what is the rule Government's property is not on her husband's in-laws' property, she cannot marry her father-in-law's property, she can use this address, so when the girl's parents say that when will they put it on, then they are not doing anything wrong. Okay, so let's talk about home loan.  In home loan, you have to take it from a person who is now this party seeker, when e request is all then you change it, many of you people must be sitting, tell me ginger ad in the air that a loan was taken, tell the interest rate ok Rangers in  Just type your present interest on home loan. Eight percent sarees point is going on that we are interested, whose is it going on, how much is it going on, who has taken the old one now, tell me, whose is whose, whose, whose