Hello friends, today's topic is Western Influence on and Society on Indian Society, very interesting topic, make any video, talk about any society, talk about something wrong happening in any society, there is Western Influence in our country, so there is Western Influence here.  Today we will do school, it will be fun, you will enjoy, you will also smile and maybe you will learn something. If you enjoy listening to such topics that I talk about, then like it, only horses will read it, they will see my  We will read the society, we will read what will happen, okay, I have a very good habit of blaming outsiders for everything, I am okay, it is the influence that is bad, Western influence is worse, today we will discover where it is bad, there was a video of mine called Family. Who was the real villain in 'Klash'? It was a thriller, so the thought of the villain in it takes one's breath away. Similarly, today it is the question of whether we are irritated by the Western influence or which one actually.  More and I will do it to show the mirror to the society, am I a big man, am I sitting on a pedestal, am I just like you, sitting in the drawing room and discussing among friends, think of this, relax, drink tea and discuss, don't stress.  Take it, just go back, relax like this and enjoy it, don't be stressed, it's okay, do n't make quick conclusions without watching the whole video, I eat pizza, there is no problem, some people say yes, I do n't even eat butt, I also wear jeans. Why am I doing this, Suit Type [Music] No problem, we will watch Netflix with these things, no problem, we will watch English movies, no problem, we have been watching for a long time and are getting famous. Top songs Memories came out super hit Dhaba ke chali use  All these have come before also, you know the names of the pictures are all hits, there is no problem, IB schools, IBS, I do n't know what is the pronunciation of B, International Pathology, it is okay, we just want our line to be started.  The visa to go to Canada is pending. The Indian government will complain to that embassy. If our visas are not issued on time, on one hand it means that on the other hand we do not want western influence to panic. We need a story in the society. Brother, you are buying a ship. You are outside.  To defend the country, if they are not buying from the Western world, then tell me, are they buying weapon systems and technology, are they buying medical, are they buying oil, are they buying something in exploration, is buying a good thing or bad?  So it's not bad, it's all about insulation, is n't it? Brother, electronic products are made from their products, are they made here? Do you roam around in Toyota vehicles? Why are you giving trouble to the West Indies who roam around in Honda vehicles? Look, take your shoes, slippers, iPhone glasses.  Meaning, check where and what is included in it, check the whole matter before speaking once, where are the problems of influence, the problem of influence of society is only one place, the women here are like the women there. Thinking independently will happen, divorce will happen, this will happen, elders will not be respected everywhere, we don't want western, we want it desi here, brother, everything else will work [music] If you understand that, then it will be fun, whatever happened in western, now that.  Ladies have reached here, according to me, they are coming for many things, they are ours, honey, they have arrived so far, it is okay, they are going now, we are shouting this, West Indies, first thing is western. Leave it after influencing. Speak directly, friend, do n't catch this matter, it is caught by the question of Western Insurance. In the West, if children do not serve, then parents also do not do anything. Nowadays, our parents are mostly caught in this one in India. Lia said that she should not do much for her children but till now she has not been able to get that thought in getting them to do it. You understand what I mean, in some places we have become western and have given the bass, you do your own thing, you are 21 years old. Western approach but not the other one, now don't forget respect, don't forget your values, do n't get carried away by western influence, where it is right, but brother, whatever is coming is good and those who can't even are enjoying it, they don't open the movie, keep quiet.  We live and what is not convenient for us or does not seem right to him but stop saying that I belong to him. First of all stop defaming him, stop defaming him about his mistakes, his greed, his grid, his failures, stop blaming outsiders for that. His influence is coming, can you stop the globalization of the world, whether anyone of yours gets posted from here or not, whether he is in the government or not, whether you are in a private job, there is joy and celebration, his son is going to America, that uncle's son Rohit.  Uncle's son, hey Neha, daughter is going there, he is very happy to go there, it means if I belong to him then it is a matter of happiness, but then he is going under western influence, is n't he, he is going to the west completely. Then it means that you are standing in Canada with a visa, are you standing with a visa or not? Tell me, why are you standing, so that we had trouble in getting influence, brother, we are going here, stop the hypocrisy, first of all the hypocrisy.  I will request for social service, only then the solution is that some things of the western are good, some are bad, accept them according to us, some things are good, tell me, some do not shoot us, there is too much freedom there, too much for the ladies.  There is so much meaning in the shirt that meaning so much should not be given to the ladies, it will be programmed, now this is interesting, now I am not telling my take in this, but I am telling the phenomenon take place, maybe maybe maybe our one which is here.  But after reaching here, they should stay here. I am fine, but if we stop them here, then their desire to go here is too much. You understand, because she also sees that everyone has the internet, it is a free world, it is a global world, everything is there.  You know, this push coming from here, according to me, it is okay to go here, but under the pretext of our mothers, daughters, wives, all of them need to learn what is wrong with me instead of just saying that Western is bad, Western is bad.  Is it Western? Remove Western. Remove the word Western because if you tell Western Ghats because this will also give you a wrong answer. Everything suits you right from western food to when you drink outside liquor.  So, very good, which one is that one from outside? I am not a father of liquor, but we who have very expensive names, Indians celebrate liquor, clothes from outside, jobs from outside, investment from outside, everything from outside.  Technology, everything, this is the problem, don't just accept it, we will discuss about it and will also tell your wife, brother, everything is acceptable to us, only your going from here to there is not acceptable, tell them.  Tell them also and tell them that friend, wherever you are here, I will come here, let's make it 50-50, it is okay for both of them to commit atrocities, this was not equal, those who had years were this, but friend, take it here.  If you go otherwise India will be spoiled, tell them with such love that they are ours, they will understand, why won't they understand, they must have been influenced by western influence after listening to this nonsense story, children do not serve, Namaste, no.  Do not do Western influence. Hey friend, speak clearly, remove the word West and influence, tell me what I want, tell me clearly, either tell me directly, society should tell us, we all want servant women, wake up in the morning, wear a scarf, get vaccinated, do it in such a way that it shows like Ekta Kapoor.  You are the one in ji's serials for which you have to actually wake up at 2:30 because it is at 7:30. Babu ji, I love you, your medicine is lying here, ok son, very. Jaggery and that prepared for the brother-in-law and rumalli is standing for the husband, she herself is also standing ready and the mother-in-law is also smiling that she is better trained than me, what can I do to get up so early, like this only in other serials.  Brother, what happens in real life is that the poor girl keeps roaming around in her nightie in the morning. She does not understand the children's tiffin nor is it her own. And the same breakfast and the same breakfast service was introduced, but we will discuss it some other time but the fact is.  That's it friend, tell me clearly that your women are kokshit and do as little as possible in it, let's do this much, let's do this much, is it the influence of the westerners, have they gone with me to get oil from where their society is going?  I am not praising anyone, okay, I am also a conservative man, many people have read that in the comment section of mine, in many videos, women, what do you think, this is my thinking, it is not so great, okay, no, I myself  telling  I am fine, I have a lot of things from India as per my choice, discount should be given as per my understanding, I should give that much, otherwise you will tighten the screw, you will tighten it, then the bangle becomes free, you have seen that it means too tight from your side, then the song again.  If he goes out at night, we don't have to do like this, we have endeavours, you also do n't have to be duplicitous, our women have their own ladies in our society, tell them all, friend, what do we like, what don't we like, what where?  It's okay, be honest with yourself, now they will not listen to you, they will not see you, now you will have to give them that right, don't judge them forcefully, that is, they speak like this at the time of marriage, or in the pitch ho me years, you will get married in the me years, all give three years and don't ask.  What is this conversation happening, I will give three further means we will be married for 3 years, we will be married for this much, it can happen even after that, okay, so brother, the program there is actually bad.  You are but bad, be very clearly in one half aspect, you have to completely write off the western society, you have to make influence your own, that influence is where our women are involved, brother, we are in trouble, rest of us are sitting accepting everything, food and drink, all the rest.  Methods, Technology and Accepted are okay, there is no need to paint ourselves as a more superior civilization, we are also like these, we do n't know where we are, okay, this is also wrong, we are from there, so take this  We will take it, but if this comes, this will also come, then we have to take on board the other part of us, India, and we will see to what extent we should adjust, to what extent we should change, to what extent we should accept all these things and to what extent.  I should hope, I am not, I am not confused, I told something in a different way, stop writing that Western society is yours, tell me what you want, don't ask questions of Western society because everybody enjoys everything from vehicles.  From electronics to the job there, environment and traveling, then why do you make a visa while leaving and leave the spider in Europe? The wife should not remain under your control and only after getting influenced by her western influence, I will do this, this is not going to happen, I tell you, open this fist, love.  Talk to and tell brother, in which direction are we going? Okay, bhajan, according to me, it will be a matter of great pain for the country. I am speaking in Desh Hit also, it is not right, I am also speaking but. Name this thing, don't call it West Indies because there is a lot of wasted insurance, 99%, so we have accepted 95%, so we have accepted this 5%, now this is the last one, we have problem in this, so just discuss this 5%. Focus only on this, otherwise if not, it is the next generation, she asks questions, on the contrary, this is not my dream, I am a consultant, she asks questions, she asks absolutely right, he said, Sir, this  What is everything happening when you are wearing this, do that, then do this, then do this also, it is absolutely correct, so they say this, if we who are older are a little above the generation, then we have to say this, Han Yaar.  We have accepted all this but we will not do this now and we will discuss on this and we will not use western insurance words, we will say that this aspect is not right, so now we will highlight it and discuss on this, it is a problem.  Everyone knows that this is the one, but it is under the carpet that the party's Western influence, Western influence itself means a lot, leave it, you stop using this word western, say brother, this is women power, this is women power, how much power has to be given, how much can it be accepted, how much can be understood.  Hey, let's discuss it and it is better if he doesn't go here because we will not be jailed, do this and talk to our women, they will also see for themselves. Okay, we will not go here, we will stay here, but we will stay here.  At least it is okay, we will not go here, so stay here in your good zone, enjoy the positive and good things of Western society, technology, medical, openness, good ideas and all that and yourself here. It's okay, I didn't go till here because there is no point in going here, then it creates a lot of stress, that is, if your basic thing becomes medicine then it no longer tastes good, however, all dates are so.  That happiness is there in the wasting society, not because they have everything, yet because of this aspect is going and now the names of different movements have started coming up, where there is because there, there is a lot of scale against males like this.  A lot has been happening in India. It has not happened in India yet. If it is happening in India like this, then this paste is more. It has not gone yet. It will be the chillum here only, it will be the man and what is happening, what is this?  What is happening is that without shouting, we can stop this thing here, the more you tighten it, the more it slips out of your hands, the more tight you read it, and if you leave it, it remains the same, so this  I am telling the society that first leave this thing, don't tighten it, the more you tighten the mouth, the more everything will go away from here. Open your fist first, rest of our women are intelligent, they will understand everything, they will understand us as batteries, okay so please this.  on a different purse  I am bringing this thing, a lot of comments are coming on the comment section, you people should participate and try to understand what I am trying to say because I feel that those who are actually trying to say it are not understanding much.  It is giving a section on what he is talking about while it is not the case that the one who is talking nonsense is talking about his welfare and the one who is praising is not talking about his welfare but is talking about him.  She feels that I am doing her good, this is what I am saying, men have to progress in life by giving good treatment to men and women, they have to progress in life, not by increasing money in women's bank account, men have to progress, this basic thing will be understood.  Not all my actual videos, today I am telling you a secret if he understands, and what is bad for a lady can never be good for a man, if a man understands then it will be good for him. Thank you