Hello friends, this is a very important topic for the middle class. The hidden cost of being middle class. What is that hidden cost? Where is the middle class being cheated and why is it being cheated and how is it? That is the concept of time poverty, middle class.  Now the class does not have time, the middle class is outsourcing everything and money is not being saved, cooking because there is no time to make anything at home which was done earlier 253 years ago.  What the middle class used to do is no longer possible, they are not able to iron their clothes, this is the cost because what happened is that your job, when you choose a job, it is not all these aspects, that job is your whole soul.  At the same time, time is also being sucked, because of that, you have spent everything to sustain all this, your expenses are being spent on it, your health is getting affected, you have to spend more money, for example.  If you get stuck in a traffic jam, its cost is not that you are getting late, it is that you go earlier, petrol is also getting wasted, that too is not a cost, the cost is that when that time has been taken out of your life, now life is  I have to live, clothes have to be washed, clothes have to be dried, food has to be cooked, I need some entertainment, the rest, there is no time for that thing, and hence now you have to outsource it. And what is this, the economy of the lower class is running very fast due to this cry of the middle class because the maid who is yours, will come to one place, will come from one place, will take a Kothi flat in the same neighborhood, will go to the society in the same tower. She did not catch the bus in the other tower, took the lift here, two flats, one flat, those four, five, hers were completed, she was not wasting any time, so she finished her work in the morning, went for two-three hours, came in the evening for two-three hours and finished her work for six hours.  did home  I also have time and balance, I have to do my household work and my money is adding up. Look, the money of the middle class is not adding up. Look, I will not do that here by pretending that it is happening here, so tell me the solution. First listen to the problem.  They will give a hint of treatment as to what is happening. The smart middle class is seeing that the joyous middle class is running fast and the trades are running, there is no time to think, so they are saying that.  People are saying that how can we make his life better so that he can give us money, consultation relationship is not working because your health is not getting good because you are not giving time to the relationship, then some gym membership will be taken for you, it is fine and everywhere.  You are going there and then you have also taken to the gym but your health is not getting better because if you run in the gym then the body is getting more stress. Even for exercising, the body needs a relief and a state of rest.  Relaxation: If your sleep is not complete then now it has become the biggest problem. If your sleep is not complete, you are not well rested, then by doing exercise, you will only harm the body. No, yes exercise is a very good thing, important thing it has to be.  Done but then sleeping sleep but this is priority if you are not sleeping because what is happening is you are not getting complete sleep and in this you are seeing that people are not even in  40 in their 30's they are dying of heart attack and other things because this is the hidden cost of being middle class, this is all the cost of being middle class, health is one, mental trauma is happening, people are not having emotional well being, you are being given so much pressure.  The one who is rich has figured it out, the biggest expense in this is that when you have spent six months with your soul-sucking body, your body is like this and then you are saying, what is this for?  Your wife is also engaged like this or you are alone or you are a bachelor then you say that you will go on vacation, I will live my life in Goa, I will live my life in whatever ever, somewhere in the mountains, Kullu Manali, those four days, one day in those four days.  There will be a day to go, there will be a day to come and that's the night before to come and the next day you know I have to go back in the morning of this night, there are only 48 hours in between, you will take a long breath, that is stress in itself, money is different from that.  Expenditure  You might have stayed somewhere in a five star or good hotel and it would have been like 14 15 20 Hajj, then you might have been feeling like, oh let me have fun, let me have fun but I didn't enjoy it, this has cost so much, the plane ticket is so much, this and that.  A rich person goes to visit such a place, he does not take stress anywhere, he goes there for 15, 20, 25 days and he goes there and earns money. He goes there and concentrates his mind on something or the other.  That he will do something or the other, he is sitting with the money, that is why he is going because he can go any time, that is why the middle class is not going to travel, because the middle class has money, that is why the middle class is going to travel, spending so much and so much. Because one has to live it and make it count that in this life that I am living so much, in between these four days will be mine, those two moments will be mine, there will be competition with the rich in the matter of buying those two moments.  There is an advice to the middle class that if you are middle class then start living like lower class and the luxury expenses which are for lower class will become very comfortable for you if the class thinks that buying clothes like this.  Have to watch a movie, have to watch, those expenses are not that expensive for you like those who are rich, it is the aspirational expense of the middle class, traveling by plane, going there, doing this, that is the normal expense of rich people, do n't think about it, those rich people.  He will not think about whether Wednesday's heat is his morning flight, which ticket will be cheaper, he does not think that he is comfortable, it is a very small expense for him, in the same way, the middle class has to increase its expenses as compared to the aspirational expenses of the lower class and the rich. Not competing with the rich There is a lot of hidden cost to the middle class in the pursuit of living up with the Jonas by competing with the rich. Another place where a lot of money is wasted.  Money is being spent on children's education. I want to give my children the best. The best is not necessary. The thing that is expensive is not necessarily the best. The best education is not there in India. The education system itself is not the best. To give the best to your children, you have to  You will have to spend time at different places, first of all, if your parents do not have it, so that you can monitor it comfortably and watch it evolve, the school may be cheap in its education, but your development should be practical.  Things should be taught and explained. If they are not being taught and explained, then the suppressed middle class is looting everywhere. They are taking clothes which are not needed. They are taking cars. Is there a hobby of showing off the car? Is there a hobby of showing off the phone?  Rich did not see anything. What is rich? Wealth will whisper. This rest of the middle class will shout. I have taken it. Look, this is my phone, this is my phone. People are impressing with the phone. Who gets impressed with the phone but their circle.  If it is like that, then they feel that they are getting impressed, I will have to accept it, they are investing more wasteful money in clothes and what is happening to them, their time is getting evaporated from life and they have gone into time and poverty, I never knew. When was it, it has been many or two years since I explained the concept of time millionaire. You want to understand this kind of concept because once you are millionaire with money, but you can also become a millionaire with time because time poverty is very high. Time  Poverty is taking a toll on people's physical health, mental health, relationships, health is costing them all, and this is the hidden cost. The breakup of your relationship is a hidden cost or what will you put amount on it. Your health is your  Mental being, as they say, it was something that he was taking from her, he was leaving after the job, he would have fired you, he would have said that you give everything that we have given you.  He is giving a laptop, he is giving a card, he is giving everything, he says, how do you return the trauma that he gave you, he says, you keep it, we don't need it, you do everything else, do n't be a fan of your employer, don't be a fan of it.  A politician and a political party, he is explaining a lot on my political channel. Don't be a devotee of anyone. No one is doing anything in your life. Guruji will post a video on Direct Tax Code. From Gurugram, please follow.  Do it right now I just wanted to, I have told you only a little and you think what else can happen, the list is long, hidden cost of being, just because you are middle class, you will have to keep the broom and pot for the utensils because you have time.  It's not just that she does n't make you get rid of the soap completely, that one has a new coat, a new coat, the next coat, the next flat, the next flat, the next flat, she goes away after that and the hidden cost is health and many more hidden.  If there is a cost, then do write in the comment section that which one I did not miss out due to deliberation, I have a list, the videos become very long, so I think many times, I should give an idea on the thought process that yes, it is also thick and thin, give it now.  Please do some higher order thinking and write in the comment section about being middle class and who else says what is the cure? The cure is that the middle class has become runaway. Help them only.  It's like you ca n't become an IAS. If you don't want to make your life better, then give IAS coaching for 10 years and become rich. No, if everyone thinks like this, then who will become an IAS? You won't get it. There are a lot of people, there are a lot of people, this public is always running away.  If they will remain at the trade mill, then these people are running towards the trade mill, so you do something like this to their knees, to someone who will apply something to massage them or someone who will put a cover or someone who will give them glucose, if they want to run away then just do something for them.  Don't look at making any service or work from home or do it in your own setup. I am giving a warning to women. Two hours are wasted in going and coming. Three hours are wasted in traffic. Think something like this, do n't get stuck.  Bypass that, sometimes I give ideas, some of them are already there, you will have a group in the comment section, join the info webinar group, take membership of the channel, you will get ideas, you will get templates, it is not that easy, isn't it?  No, it is not easy at all, but first release you are part of the problem and what is the problem. Once you release this then the chances of doing well subsequently will improve. Becoming rich from destitution and middle class is a journey of its own. It takes time to become rich.  The rich has gone beyond all these things. The less he works and the more he thinks, the richer he becomes. The more he does not give his time to anyone, the richer he becomes.  He keeps time with himself, goes towards millionaire, does more and better and there is peace in that life, you will never find extremely rich people, being so busy for this, running away all the time and stagnation, like Mukesh Ambani ji and Nadani ji.  The face is relaxed, I don't know what all are being handled, what is going on in the mind, everyone else is running away, those below are relaxed, I am not saying that we are Mukesh Ambani  And they will be made but first realize the problem that you are not being given time to think. This is a deliberate thing by the people who are running this world so that you are always shot on time and then you can buy assets. Okay, best solution.  There is a chutney, it tastes good, I am a foodie, I make it myself, I cook it quickly in a mixer, but the taste is not even good, by doing it like this and so on.  It sounds great, but only that man can do it, brothers and sisters, there is time, brothers and sisters, we have to sit on the sofa, brothers and sisters, we have to go and not get stuck there for three hours in a traffic jam, life will be tasted only by the same, not by adding a good one and adding a little buttermilk.  Rajasthani chutney, ok, I have a very good idea for you guys to earn Rs 2 lakh, if you want it then tell me, I give the idea to everyone, I give it to 100 and only five implement it.  There is a 100% chance that all five people earn money, but after hearing this, it is certain that out of 100, only five attempt, but it is also known that those five who attempt earn money and everyone can do that idea.  Everyone can do it, I mean, whatever you want, it doesn't matter what age you are, job, profession, profession, you can earn, so what, I want to know that skill, that work, that business idea, it is very easy to tell.  Every person can do it, it means it will take hard work, it is not that it will take hard work at all, 100 will listen, five will do, five of the five will earn, definitely write in the comment section, it is not click bait at all, I myself feel bad when the others say nothing.  If you write like this, then I am a common man, so I will never make such a ridiculous joke with my subscribers, I will never do so, I know it is true, not only a waste of time, it is a  Breach of trust that I tell you something and it may or may not be like this, it is okay, I mean, you understand that it is a thing worth lakhs of rupees, so you would like to do it, everyone should do it, then please write in the comment section, subscribe the channel, press the join button, join.  By pressing the button, you will get the membership. Those who are not able to see the join button can take it from the comment section. There will be a link with 'i'. Make payment. Payment is made only on a monthly basis. It is less than the fee of pizza. There is a lot of content included.  Mental models are included, share market is included, webinars are included, workshops are included, there is a lot of content, explore it, you will enjoy it, so that you do not have to pay fees for the fourth coming webinars, webinars are also conducted for free and Things are explained thank you very much