Hello friends, today let's talk about Neem Rahul ji. Okay, number 1 person, number two person, I will cover Shahrukh's. With whom do you associate? Write in the comment section, yes, you do this, I will not tell you a lot of praise and positive. A little pick, Vestige, I will tell you all the numbers that you will get all the numbers in the family also. There are four or five types of people, there are 8 numbers which can be opposites also, then you will know the template from numerology. What happens thanks to understanding but research? Now people will say that number 29 is the number of people in the world. If we assume that there are 8910 crore people then there are 90 crore people of number one, then can all of them be like this? No one is exactly the same but they are from this pride. That is, every number has either a positive or a negative and that number will be shown in the same combination. No one number is above or below the other. All kinds of good people and  There are bad people of every number and those who are good are also good in a way showing that similar traits of evil are also shown in the same pattern. If a person is formed by their mix, then start from number 1. If you are born in any month then post it. We call this meeting, it is very simple in Hindi, it has nothing to do with month and year, your date of birth is the first thing that comes, like you are born on the first day or on the first day, it is born on the last day.  Got up off Himmat first So 90, you are a number, okay, I will cover all the numbers like this, watch peacefully, there is one or the other relative of yours and that kind of person, it will be interesting to know more, it will be interesting to write well in the comment section, if you talk about more such videos, then I will do more.  I will also tell you how to associate and in that too, how to do chilli in each, how do females do it in number, it may be in some other pieces as well, but I will tell this on unisex only, not once, it will be a very long video.  So talking about one number, Jeetu controls one number, Surya type people are leaders, okay Next 9 are leaders, they generally get along with people with all numbers, they are happy go lucky, look at the worldliness as per today, a quite  It's a good number, I would say it's okay, it's 20 people, and it's okay, and tagged, normal, what they want, okay, one has to struggle, sign, normal, everything, support to. Destroy all circumstances and one number's level, to that too, subscribe to that means subscribe to one number's person and Google will do it, maybe tweet one number, also you have to understand that one number is happy kaur numberdar, just not mean.  There were issues that if it is normal then it controls it so if anyone knows then you will not forget to subscribe it is very simple going down number two number two are born on the date on the date  Those who are born on the date of and those who are born on the 30th of these days, those people who were born in these four days will come, okay, most of the people come with people, think they were emotional, okay, a kind of control number of Moong.  If there is, then see if the sensitivity element goes, then like actors can also be there, do you know who are born almost like this? The actor was born on the 11th, then the last actor is the one born on 2nd November and the two born on 11th October. Write the names of very famous Indian film history Hindi film actors. You both write their names. If you do this then the Sangh people will also be emotional and if they get the money back then they can prove it in a small way.  You don't have the courage to fight, if someone is bullying you, you can intimidate him easily. Question: Ajay has kept the secret of his eyes. Is he a Punjabi? Punjabi, tell me what happens, it's okay, if not I, then I don't know.  If it is a little okay, then we fry it. If you ask the person to do it from his room only, in which it is there, if the owner also goes to buy something, then he will always keep checking if something means that when he comes to school, then the value is appointed and it is expensive.  If so, then this example fits perfectly. Moving on, on Thursday, on which date, if on which date, butts, they are friendly, party animals, you can also say, all the nuts of a team, you can understand, getting along with those people, this  In this way and if you come to know about some different numbers, then you will get the meaning of meeting friend to friend, sometimes these can happen, then how can these issues happen to anyone else in the world, then it just doesn't work extra extra  Meaning, he got a relative and started talking to people. Now, no matter how many times he has condemned anyone, he is disgusting. It should be known around him that people are drivers because of him. This is very important, at that time, interest will not come because I am this person.  tell the vital person  I am making it for one person's people, I definitely have a template to do this, so make it very complete, praise the video a lot, mention that I will teach platinum members, I am teaching stop class now, you can take it if you are interested.  The number can be different but here I am telling you about it in the same way, its generality will work well with 3 or 6 and will be available with the phone number, why the service is like that with 3692.  If you like it, it's okay with you too, then three, if you mean, if you flatter him, it will be a lot of fun, then you will like it, so keep a little account of it, do it while eating and drinking, like four number four.  The numbers are ok, there is indifference, there are deep in the numbers, ok, the patterns fit, we will see less emotions, those who were of three and who became number four, those born on the 4th, those born on the 13th, those born on the 22nd, research born on date  Those are fine, only four numbers will be called, if you select the four dates of any month, do not put the condition of year and month in it, just hold the date, any month had nothing to do with the year, that life path number, this number would have advanced further and become complicated.  It is a simple thing, we do not understand that the related diseases are cured, then four number 13 date 2231, you number four number four number four have as much stick weight as you have from inside, but you are not able to tell anyone, if you get this partner of yours, you will get it.  This husband may be found by an upper caste but he will be very attached to his work. I say, he works like a donkey. I mean, he is big. To give an example, tell me that he will not be engaged and he will feel that it is normal and if he is your boss.  If it's just your life, these pills are okay, so try to avoid boss number four at any time, but if you are a lot, then employee number four will be the best, will work unsupervised, respect is more than work.  If you want to get the money later, then such a man can be made a big fool by looking at the sense of respect. Look, I am Vishwakarma from both the sides. If you number four is listening to this, then there will be a spike in your heart too. Tell me, this month will be very very. Want a comment from whoever is listening, please tell me that yes, I liked it, I liked it, it is like this, this is the time, write this 100 song very well, it will be fun, I will also like it. Comment openly, it is ok because this is so much.  The choice is that you are okay with going till number nine, then the one with number four has a great sense of responsibility and work, this is their strong point, remember this in your past life, whatever is recent, even if our businessman goes, we would think that  Rest of the people are like that and why don't other people have as much dedication as me and rest of the people will say that they are crazy butch family, my own body is soul, it is so much that the second piece of opinion is so much that I am getting so much of my body.  Propaganda Namri wala's this is to be strong, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep command, Taurus, then back, you will meet people respectfully, I said that if I want, then I if I have 4 13 22 31 in the certificate because he brother has to do unsupervised work as much as his duty.  I have to do more than that and he just knows me, I have to give him some permission, I have to talk to him with love, he will give life and people can even take the life of the people below, just accept this for once.  The top management's favorite employees are 413 and 22 and near these people they are very good number two, I am very good number two, that means the leader is his number two, you understand that there are many lions who will be with him and always from their eight numbers.  It will be very good. Do you know anyone who is number two in India, who is born on number four? Do write on 30th in the comment section. Who is he? Who is he? Is he okay? What is his name? That the ad does not match with my name, this scene is fine, write who is that, it is fine, tell me who is number two and number one, that too is fine and the sound of four felt very good, both were thinking alike, then if I come at eight, I will be at eight.  Even if I tell you, four people are misunderstood in the family, four people are misunderstood in general, and they are a good thing, Vaseline doesn't care much, they also know that the mission depends, okay keep doing it. Go, if you have such a feeling, then there is a lot of love in love and work, so let's move on to this four. If you are born on 555th, if you are born on 14th and the country is born then you will call 5.5 numbers.  It is okay to translate the meaning of Lote, you will know, Diplomatic is definitely a good word, it is diplomatic, yes, you have to type a little fast in Hindi that if you will not take your stand, you will behave with everyone, then many bad things will happen.  Every number is there, you will see that we need it and in graduation and family and every number has its own grandeur. This lion solving five numbers, you will not see the man fighting fiercely, he will be diplomatic, he will start eating, what to say, how much to say, to fulfill everyone's responsibility, here too, the rest will improve.  The person who mediates is the best, the person who does diplomacy is the best, the country is the worst. Inside this, what we say is that diplomats are the ones who mediate, both are the ones who can settle each other's fight for riches. Such people who have good relations with parties. 5 Airtel's editing. Every friend is important, so in life every number is important. I will not say anything again and again, someone is good, very good, how is it, looking at the world, some numbers.  They do better workouts like digestion which is one of the advantages in the world these days. It's okay, like those with number one are also good because now what was there in two, emotions were coming too much, in three there is a story that further investment loot will always be good.  Independent, if it was related to money, the file is not like this and that I have bought you a cover, okay then 5s like, all the soldiers will participate, it is an intelligent number, it understands things well, if Panchami speaks like 15, whatever happens, it is Mercury's system and it would understand things.  Like Rahul was turning on the force, Parvez was muting the free, I will not take much in the store, I will get infection, so if you see five, then it is good to be cautious and now it is with all of them, so it is good, okay. Moving ahead, who is in number six on number six, who is born on number six, on fifteenth day, then you like to say that it is good to be trained, also you yourself are intelligent, if number six is ​​the boss, then he will be such a boss, he will do those things himself.  You will definitely love to do the same, you are thinking that if you get such a boss, number five, then there will definitely be a lot, he knows how to get work done, knows how to rub, he will get treatment done, you won't know what he is like with number six, he means things to him. Intelligent is number 6. What is the problem with number six intelligent? They think that they are more intelligent than themselves. You understand this means you think that 90% will come from hundred percent. Which is very good. The understanding is quite good but they consider themselves 97th.  We understand that this tax is not related to the ground and what is it in general that it is training, its base means only perfection and in this we will put our mind to this. How much time and effort will I have to put in to reach my profession, they know that perfect 99% understanding, does anyone know that one can reach till 1992, but in 15 minutes they are ready to spend five hours in making a note, a big thing, if  Will press from such situation, I have the same kind of training, subscribe to the situation and if some work like this is to be done, then it is very good because from there the work is not possible, if everything is required then it is like this.  The situation should be such that it can automatically take you out in your career. It is okay if you are putting that energy in such a place where 60-70 percent of the work is going well. There is a lot of work to be done on the soil in the world.  If you get trapped then you can never be happy because there is no respect for your life and details. You understand that all the people who are listening to me, those who were born on 6 15 24, they are facing a problem of work place and dissatisfaction.  Apply for the meeting and please write in the comment section, what is happening with us, I can make a detailed video on this, if you guys want, if it gets a little hit, will you accept my audio sex? If it is done well, then the pattern is visible, it is explaining well to us. I am not talking about the good or bad in this, we can change the energy in which we are born on the date we are born, we can utilize whatever is happening with it. Pua Edition tweeted, I learned that the value of perfection.  It is bad, under thousands, in any level, you go to that level, there are things like interior designing, fashion, some paintings, Venus, there are 20 things like which you can go to Eye for Details in Villages.  These luxury car seat covers are made of leather and are hand-crafted. Sad graduate is the best. Don't tell me an example. Mother, you will become a perfectionist. If the incomplete work is not done then it is on the second place. Next.  The numbers go on, the number eight comes in eight, whether you are born on 8th or 17th or 26th, now this eight is not a work with a frequency of four, it is okay, only the frequency of four will unite but higher.  If you do it at the level, then this airplane has become your higher number. Now this one, two, three, lower play, that lower player thought eight and on top of that, the face was higher than four, so for where he was a workaholic, there was work but he had some mission of his own.  The festival had not landed, one's vision mission and if it gets cold then it will be above that, the whole college is also there, eight is the very last one, do not mess under our boss, if your boss is number eight, i.e., you are born on 8 17 26.  At the same time, he ca n't even drop this, see how many are indestructible, and how many are 8 17 26 that Gemini Mercury is ready to do and see this dynasty because there is a lot of work too.  Will selflessly do number eight Can stand to the bell Quaternary is not kept in office life Know the big leader of India Write four I had asked number two Who is the actor Two is fine Four I had asked phone is that number Two  Which is very good but number eight is the first knot. If there is a house in the house then either its house is a protracted house, call it a combination of nano or the house of this institution, big protracted appeals because it gives a sense of ownership. People are not able to do so much in the family, like they are not able to do even four numbers, there are many people, they will become the Sarpanch, so if I will not bow down, no one will push you, Pushpa, I will not bow down, what have you done or something, then that number is eight.  Only what you see is the song, if you think it's okay, then this one is okay, it's okay, Bachchan family is so big, they don't have a setting in India, they don't have an office and they have a lot of power, so if you take it from Achha's side, then tell me which India? best of  If you go towards write the name, then you will get number one scoundrel, ok, and all are good too, this means late energy is necessary, on this day in Goa, Right Pass 2008 Singh will give this padela and will be engaged, ok, you can take Greater from Pangrain. And now if your boxes are there then you can remove them, you cannot give them pills, you cannot tell them again and again why I have a stomach ache, my child has this.  Because of this stupidity, even if it doesn't happen, it doesn't save, then get upset accordingly, you are a workaholic and you are just a workaholic, birds of work for liquid mission, that is, if you get a loan under this number, then it will be of little use.  Friend, the work will be less if you do small work also. Let me give you an example from the article. If you and the broom and mop type went into the work first, now many times people say that no such work is small, it is not that this is wrong. Mother Kamakhya is kept, okay, every work is important, every work should be respected, however, it will remain that this is a big work and this is a small work, you cannot say that doing open heart surgery and sweeping the broom are equal to these people.  While collecting, that will be a topic for another day. Okay, so if you can't say this, then I want to say this. If you are doing this also, then you will see the sign 'Dave Hi Vidod Mother', there will be a tissue in it, the correct word is 'Aa' and  There will be a tissue pressed into the bottle, there will be some vision in it too, meaning I am not able to give the example well, suddenly, but the subject of number eight will definitely be the stop, there will be a vision, if the first thing, if someone does even a small work, it will allow it to remain small. This system will set up even that small work in such a way that in the eyes of everyone, if he does something in the house of a big man then it will mean that he will be a topper even in small work because of his  This kind of energy Attitude and that will remain. Now let's go to the last number. Number is 9 18 27 August. It is not a roll number, it is a meat number, it is a hillock and in the plane above, it is such that it is ready to work for the larger society.  They are impulsive while working, they are energetic, they have few accidents on the phone, there are small surges, which means that they will not be so fast, they will be very fast in life, so it is as if if they understand something even a little, then the bus has arrived for them.  If you don't want to pay VAT for this, you have to wish in front of the network, this is their stand, then anyone who comes here after roaming around, this is the front from the back, when the opportunity opens for a limited window and if you understand the thing, then give it to me drone.  It is okay to wet your hand, what happens sometimes if you do not study carefully, it was not right, if you use it daily, then the thing is that before doing anything, check with your partner or friend or any of your parents.  Between minutes and mentors, take advice on a person, do it quickly, but ask someone once, devil's advocate, so this is raw on the other side, wish to get hurt, attract the line in everything, small, you tell me if 9 18  27 Feeling hurt is a factor, now no blood comes out, only money comes out, only a few flowers remain to grow because it sparkles a lot. Bold Content: Current in the body. It's okay to do anything, but to eat Golgappa.  If the mind is speaking to a person, then instead it means he is thinking Shipra's wheel, let's go now, let's go now, live in the moment like this, this is yellow, this channel, let's do it now, it means let's go, it's okay like this.  One remains, you can feel their energy, electricity, which is not as much as in the others, neither in the numbers as in six, nor in these numbers is it very bright, which number did I repeat, no f-18 and turn it on on 27th 9  If the numbers are fine then they just have to control their simple signature. They think very well about the rest of the world. A public fan, what do they say? Interest litigation, typing and they can also be activists. They also think about their statements which people think about us.  It is okay but we think that we are ready to make every effort, our injection type is like this, we can do such work also, so when it comes to doing good to the world, then we are naturally 918 and 27 in it.  Rukwa happens like this. In this kind of career, they will get happiness, peace etc. but they have to do a little bit of fall gardening on their impulsive nature. How did you like this video? It is okay for you to tell. Write in the comment section and who with whom and how much.  How does it identify? Please do tell. If it increases then do tell which number is which and how much. I had to write that I also have an idea. Okay, this is the rope number. This is the rope number. So this is it.  Generally, you share the idea and the kaun kya tha how much fun, please do write in the comment section. Do share it with your friends. If you have not subscribed to the channel yet, please do so. Tiger Shroff is seen in a lot, you can go and see different ones in the play list.  -Thank you from a different topic