Hello friends, today I have brought one or two advised people Indore 2730, for this, who is this effective advisor which no one is giving, I want to give it, you tell me how much you find it logical, mostly on YouTube and on other social media.  Exam clear opposition is being given and if you watch those videos, they are getting millions of views. What are those videos and what will be my device? My talk will discuss about those videos.  You will see that it is very popular on YouTube too that it will tell you by calculating on Microsoft Excel that if you invest such money then it will amount to this much in so many years, which I also tell you in a normal way, you will invest rs.15000 every month for 15 years and that 15.  But if Saint Guru does it then you will have a pair. You are curious why everyone feels so good. If you don't go for coffee, then that ₹ 400 is saved and if you put it in this recipe, then in 30 years you will have this much. Do this, do that, it practically feels good to hear that brother, I have heard it now, it's something like this, I will go to the gym every day, I will hit so many set offs, I will participate like this, it will give me six pack abs, this is the biggest thing to do and  Its content is that one thing people are carrying in it is that there will always be a job, there will always be money coming and 15 patterns will keep coming, Gurjar returns and not when our base increases in Bigg Boss.  So, he ignores the one who grows best and it becomes difficult to get returns on it, like the child who gets 140 marks can go to the educated person from us, goes to the worldly person but he is very scared to go to 9795, he loses his life, so as  Economic Basis Will Be Big This Returns To Its Opposite Can't But In The Notice Of Advice From Me Pay In The Early Show Home Now Which One How Will I Tell That These Two  There is percentage rental, so much money will be saved in this way, this is the information for you, first of all, watch this video on Sibal date, I will make a smiley video at the coming time and will tell you what to do, today I am giving a hint, it is possible to capitalize on equity.  If the gain becomes thirty percent and then he gives the decision like this, 'It will happen, then you will see that today's 15 year plans cannot be made, but on those things which are inevitable, one thing is most necessary for you, food and clothing.  House, he needs a place to sleep at night, he can sleep with his parents up to a limit, then if he needs a separate place, then whether he has to give it to a friend or not, it is 268 and to those people who say two and a half percent on this, I just tell them one thing.  I want to tell you how much were the fares for the LIC flights of DDA in Janakpuri in 1956, but today's fare is 140% rental yield of its original purchase i.e.  One and a half times the amount taken from the person who owned it, is deposited in this year, which is one and a half times the amount taken at that time. If you calculate this, then it is okay, then everyone settles it in 5 years, wealth creation is 30.  Youngsters who sleep in 40-50 years have a device, even if your salary does not go, then if you take the exam in Gurgaon, then you can catch it in your city also, like 17 lakhs.  18 lakhs, 20 lakhs, what can twenty-five buy? Took out Rs. 23 lakhs from my savings, took Rs. 24 lakhs from my parents, took a loan on my head, got it at 90, got footwear in Africa for 80, whatever you get done, that's it.  But you will get income tax rebate, your CIBIL score will be better, the day your FRI and MI will be equal, initially rent plus interest will be equal on the first day and then income tax.  The benefit you get plus the arrest you are getting is absolutely into your remarks, after that this thing will become big and this is the fun of the match, because you can go for second properties, so the sooner you start this program, the more properties you will get from China in 25 years. Counter intuitive will be taken, everyone should understand you, if you take this loan then there will be a gun on your temple, you will have to give the recipe, then you will also be stopped, second thing is all consumer.  Who wants Captain S Market, you do things, life is caffeine, live life, okay here, how soon will you get a house, then when will you go to life, life is like this, so long as you are living together, watch with your mouth closed and watch with your breath closed.  Every pore will say, I want to live, that means I can't stop, after 1 minute I have to live with you, but if your house becomes yours, then your employer cannot blackmail anyone else in the society and cannot blackmail you on yourself.  there will be a roof on the house  Because you have to see, curd is our expenses which we cannot award at all and the first thing that worries us when we go to work is that there will be less money in the job, try something else and one of them is house rent and the other is children's school fees.  For those who don't have children right now, they consider the house rent and for those who have children, school fees are these two huge expenses. If you live inside Gurgaon or in a big city, you should see that whatever your budget is for the month, it is the maximum of it.  The big expense is the rank of the house and the child. School Fees And we can't do anything about the child's school fees, why have the schools increased it further, we have to keep increasing it, but the house rent can be treated, so instead of spending Rs 90 lakh on a house worth Rs 1.5 crore, do n't you know?  If you can buy then you take this small one, take affordable housing, you take this humble one, take the one below, I too am not feeling good about you but it will give you something for your rent if your Rs.25000  It is being bought for some flat and you are getting it at Rs 12144. At least Rs 12000 from your pocket. If you get the entire amount then it is a very harsh advice to the youngsters that please go to the house first even before buying a car.  This means that you will spend money on buying a car worth Rs 5-10 lakh, loot your family's parents, elder brothers and sisters and live in your car in the beginning, but first of all go for home.  Let's go, this home loan CIBIL CIBIL score will all be set for you, a discipline will come automatically, display of SIP will come, I have not seen this of people, this is nowhere Ram Singh's Kothi market, this time Dynamic got the ticket, put I am no Veer Singh's Bhagwat program but one  It is a simple thing, you took an asset class, real estate, its rent started coming and you can enter it in SEBI in three-four years, this too, capital appreciation came, here also there is money.  If you have gathered then in these and young lives in this, I am starting salary S please do it, the second stage comes in the marriage, all the boys who are listening to themselves and those who have children, do not spend any money outside that marriage palace, whatever. This was the plan, today's time has changed, this code has not come, the job does not go like this, it is a big government job, but I got a job in a corporate, work in the same company, now life is very uncertain, so do not spend anything on marriage.  And instead of money, responsibility is the measure of marriage, tell me, listen, we are not stingy parents, we thought 30-40 lakhs in your name is our right, this boy, yellow girl, you take something of yours together, those who are going to get married and the boy-  Even if the girl is in the marriage stage, both of them can apply for independent affordable housing before the marriage. After marriage, only one can apply for it. If the engagement is not yet finalized or the boy or girl is married, only one can apply for it.  If you are going on that phase, then please apply both of them. What was the situation at the stage of applying? It will be considered okay that marriage will happen later, so there is no problem in that, so those people who are at this stage.  You can also apply, both can get their own, you can show your colors, you can live comfortably anywhere in a good society at an affordable rate, share the video, do write in the comment section, what am I on Microsoft Excel?  I can become rich by doing calculations and with questions on question 12, it sounds like you will put this much here and then save it, then you will tell this much to your brother, after 20 years it will be worth crores. 20 years ago, someone would have said the decision.  If this happens, then what will remain of 10 lakhs? Okay, so this information and that remains its value, it tells us what to do, what will happen next, no information, what is the best we can do today, what is the maximum best we can do. What can you do for optimal utilization? Development is what you can do. Real estate gives you leverage. By paying 10% and 20% of the money, you are transferring 4% of it in your name and Guru Aditya gets ₹ 100. You invest 10-20 rupees and the rest is yours.  If there is a protest of only ten twenty rupees then if for ₹10 per cent growth is further then it becomes rs.20 but after investing ₹10 on hobby acid the growth is only 10 per cent growth it is only 10 cents growth there too  ₹10 increased, this is basic maths, thank you very much