Hello friends, today's topic is my favorite topic, What is My One Correction, this has been discussed a lot before, so today I will take a little more time and tell it in detail, maybe if you have seen the whole video, then your 2030 ₹ 40 can be saved if you have taken the property here or are going to take it, then it will remain antique. There are going to be two or three takeaways which I will tell at the end, so my one constructions in my  190 It has a Malaysian form who has brought this technology of construction. This technology started coming to India in Mumbai in 2014-15. Initially, very expensive flats were sold in videos in its name. Now the technology has become common, it has become so common. Now affordable housing is also being built on this, so what is there in Mayanka section, it has aluminum frame work, so if you understand it in local language then you have seen the tractor sinking.  This is called a roof and its folding is called that timber under it, you must have seen that and concrete is poured on it, the wall is also made in the same way, the new frame work is already made, so there is concrete in it.  It is inserted and there are no johns in it, so this is a big advantage. There is no pin house correction in it. There is no red inter. The furnishing is very good. One advantage of this is that like the old flights made of red hit, they have a capillary effect. He  If moisture does job then there was a master on red*, he had his own quality builders, then on top of that, there was leave and stomach, then that period time, he used to leave plaster, lead the leadership quality switch, the old flats are compromised, especially those which are left in 1978.  I still thought their quality was good, there was not much piracy at that time, but the quality of the flights made in your twelfth and twenty-20 is very compromised.  Those who were being formed in the Twenty20 team have very compromised quality and it has been 6, 7, 10, 15, 12, 14 years since these sports have been looted but their condition is going well, so what happens to the one who is hit red, the plaster that leaves him.  If it is a paste then the defects start appearing in it. Now how to go to such a big society and maintain it. If you are okay with it, two brothers live there, relatives live there, friends live there and you are the owner to get it done.  I too definitely feel that if there is any problem in the repair, then there is such a big society here that it does not get the maintenance done so quickly and once you get married to the society, you travel at the rates there, even for resale, you travel there, that is 20 rupees.  They become 25 years old, they are old societies, they get alarmed after egoistic development, retirement does not happen so soon, I am not at all saying here that these old societies will end in 20-25 years. Let's go with 3540 but we will get married in one thing, like I send a message to the government that she will travel only in a taxi, will travel only on fare, a very detailed video, I will first make the old fort tube, I should send it, I will remove it, I will not do much good in it.  If I district only on one, then what is my point? If there is no heat exchanger, then many builders do not convince some1, saying no, it is made of concrete, it will get hot, so it is useless, whereas the site has some furnace that if you look.  It is also made of concrete and the fire burns in it only, so what is there in it that if God forbid it happens even today, the only damage will be to the stomach because of how much was killed inside it, I can tell you that, I can give you a rough idea of ​​the correction cost.  Earlier the construction cost used to be ₹ 100, then it used to cost ₹ 50 for the level, it used to cost 50 rupees for the material, now what has happened to me is that they make less label posts and kill more and the cost will be 110 rupees, so you  Let us assume that it costs Rs 80 and the labor cost is Rs 36 so it will be Rs 110. Rs 10 is expensive in cost but its life cycle is so fast that the cost to the builder increases. If first talk about the pure corruption of a project then  It used to take him 3 years to prepare from joint to joint, it will take him 2 years or 18 or less, he will take 12 to 16 months of training. This net net saver product is good only if it is adjusted with the cost of funds, that is why it is so good, that is why we are also making double ones. Below I am your big news in affordable, there is margin in it even then that of Hamilton.  It is being made because it is beneficial, it is a tissue and in our India, regarding inheritance of property, we always have the intention of giving something to the children, otherwise the property gets disposed of with us after 35 years, 40 years.  First it is wrapped and then something is found on top. Suicide due slip of some ownership writing is sold because there is a 1234 year cycle of development. People spend four years in persuasion, two-four years in getting clearance, six years in rebuilding the property, so many of you people.  That's why it is said that after first Koti Koti, Chetak, then Kothi will be difficult in big cities and in this video, I want to tell the people of small cities also, what is happening that the fruits of big cities have become unbearable.  People from small towns like when they come from a small town and want to buy it in a big city, or want to buy it in Delhi, Gurgaon, Noida, then they think that they do not know all this, you come and say, brother, it is worth 70 lakhs, if you get me a 3BHK then it will be 70 lakhs.  If you get relief from 3BHK then it will be very SEBI, then that old material is going to be stuck in small cities. Small cities, listen to you people, don't buy non-y1, expensive will cry once, cheap will cry again and again, big cities.  People are becoming very wise in these things. Those who are living in Dwarka were left with 10 to 12 lakhs, those who have become worth Rs. 1.5 crore, Lord of Rs. 130, they are selling and booking your builder floors of Karol Bagh Greater Kailash.  They are also coming out from there and the festivals are going to the right place. There is a lot of old stuff in Gurgaon and Noida. The one which is migrating tied to the city will be stuck and what else will be stuck.  Will keep saying that it is ready to move in, see the rent is rising, yes it is ready, see, the people of small towns should know the latest technology and trend that is coming, the people of small towns were coming from India in Stage 69, this from People First.  On the basis of age and height, you people wait for the car. People also wait for the phone because of knowledge. Man wants to buy the latest one, say 2500 is mine. When he goes to buy a laptop, if you do not buy technology, then this is it.  What I am saying again and again Madhavan, this is your code, this is a moment, the code of this country, the IT company, the old film which used to be made in the photo, when there is a digital camera, it has not been there for many days, yes, we are very big notes, time, nothing will happen to us, this  Those people who are in day oil will destroy their property and destroy their waste because the company's shop there is closed or a technology chapatti. In the beginning it seems like nothing, nothing, nothing will happen, which used to happen earlier, your example of a big boss.  Just on the smartphone side, when Note was the first phone in India in 2003, the best phone was Nokia, we all used it there and it was a very good name, we have very fond memories of these people and Nokia, initially the first thing we got the phone was Nokia.  Refuses to upgrade to smartphone, our work is like this, the company itself will end, only Tejas dispute was the best company in Finland, the writing is on the wall, you will free it first, you people will have the advantage.  It will go to you just because you have ever bought a property and you are working somewhere else and instead of mantras, changing properties, selling, buying again takes a lot of effort. Loan may be going on, the old property is not being sold, it is not the owner's.  You may be worried that the old property is stuck and the rent is coming down but this is your example. Tell me the example of a small village. I will tell you about 56 sector. There is a 3BHK there.  Suicides of good people in 56 sectors of 15 soft units became one at the time of 1.4 1.5 CR chapter notes of demonetization. Earlier it was 1.1 512 people know that we sell baking. According to me, probably 1.1 K and I  I don't know who will buy it and why. If you keep making these videos like me then some people will say that Metro is a Metro and Valve has everything. Yes, absolutely.  It is good on rent, need to buy there is rs.25000, the rent has been Rs.25000 since 28 years, rent is Rs.30 lakhs, why will you buy another property worth Rs.20, two and a half percent inches and intermediate because that is 120, yours is not going to be 180 because  The goods are coming somewhere else, I will tell it in Sherpa glass what it is, you understand, there are 6000 companies listed in the stock market in the entire Indian market, their market cap is  Estimated cases are 500 lakh crores, the total is ok, they have a figure on this site also, so there may be some companies in it, some will go big, there may be more markets, this incident may happen in six blocks, in the same way, how big is the real estate?  If the price of one property is increasing, the price of another is decreasing, then the overall market was going very well, then those which are being sold say that the step down is fine and where the good value is being sold, the good property is increasing.  I am going to tell you the example of Chembur, Mumbai property, if you follow that you have got the idea of ​​a place, in the old society of Mumbai, 25000 favorites are running and in the midst of that, the Aarti of the branded player which attracts expenses is like this, that studio.  The one that is coming is a branded plane, it is priced at Rs 55000 and the goods are being sold, that is, touching, now he is not wearing diamonds and pearls, but his double is Vikrant.  So in Dubai, the value of the brand has come and it will also come in the rest of the market because they will remain old societies, but there will be class class division in it that such kind of people live in it and in the North Indian market this How much of the same was not done then the prizes would be justified in that the brand name is there, the brand construction is there and the location and all those things are not important, then what decision making is easy in this, I am not easy because like on a road on a golf course. Tell me about the share of your property condom. The best area of ​​every city is the number one area which is considered to be the best and the most posh area. If it is Malwa properties then like the old society flight there is worth 1.25 crores but what?  If you sell it then it may be behind because the location is not in such a good site, if you don't get a good location then maybe you should stay there, there is no easy answer to these, they can be discussed on phone but if your place is not in a posh area, it is far away and  For example, your flight in Greater Noida is 2025 years old and the same new flights are coming and are coming with new technology and many of them are coming at the same price, so your flat of Rs 7075 which you have heard about and  Its cost is Rs 10-12000, it is very soft around Pari Chowk, it is old, it is a group housing society, it has been built for 10 years, 12-14, its Sarpanch was there.  Those who don't read the rates will never increase and these facts will decrease because it is a free market, parents will take it, it is okay, it is a society, okay, so you had bought it at one rate, you did not spread the pick Sonia, now it has come from 90 to 70, now it is at 70.  Will speak the same language and then in some sixties I decided to buy something in size, this is not youth, like when power steering cars came only then they did not have power, then people started thinking about it.  If the purchase of Municipal Corporation is not stopped then its value would be so high but the technology park was a problem. Similarly, I say again and again that Hallmark is jewelery and ladies have to buy Hallmark jewelery because it is not made normal. Is it normal or not because they buy it? The government has definitely removed it.  So now as my one by one will become one by one in 3 years, everyone is this brother my one, don't know what is the vital but like that hallmark is that brother, please show this number.  The number which I have written, I took it as one and kept writing on it. If people want the membership spoon number, then these are you people who have flats, those who have undergone operation, do your act. I have a very good window of 3 to 4 months. I have a subscriber base of lakhs.  I don't know that if I tell you, they will not agree. However, when there is a trend in India like caffeine, it spreads like fire, as if people start understanding things quickly. From any property in the soil, they would say that you are a queen.  Not that the new property is from three  Payment plan is available in four years and since the properties which have come after 2017-18 will start being delivered in timely schedule, if the good builders are on the list then people will start believing that they will get the property because 2009-10 From 1 to 4th chop for 15 minutes, people did not get them, properties, all the properties of the property are good, no, is the share market bad, no, many people called me and you say that my share is not good.  You are getting it brother, I do n't say anything at all, mutual funds are also good, shares are also good, I count someone's shortcomings, it does not mean that he has become bad, if you are yours, if you point out 10 shortcomings of your husband in a day, then the husband has become bad.  If you have a little money, invest in it, move your life forward. If you count the shortcomings of your children, then what does it mean if those children become spoiled? I am a care giver about any product, I will tell you good about everything, I will tell you bad, it is up to you to take the decision. Like is not in black and white, it is in grey. If you like the opportunity then there are less questions. Just like the big dry skin flights worth crores, the old ones will not move the particles nor their technology ones, now the new ones, the projects.  There is a lottery center in the sewerage treatment plot inside them because the government said that after 2018-19, thirty percent of the water from the project will have to be pumped in. There are gardens inside it.  But it gives water and can be used in that way. Due to maintenance, the maintenance cost is reduced, you will have to install only solar panels. For lighting, it reduces the maintenance cost. My one question has come, if it reduces the maintenance cost, then this.  It is sustainable, then you do not have to give your 12-12-13 maintenance letters in it, many years old flights are included in the very luxury segment of Sena. People think that they don't have to do so much maintenance to get the rent to live in their flat, so all these expats will play the fat of entry, they will take it for 10 lakhs, it will be for 1.5 lakhs, it will be for 1.50 to 120 rupees, so do you have the same weight?  What you have to do is sell it and take 110 water which is 130. Quiz because I am not saying anywhere whether you will buy real estate, it will double, it will be banned, you will run away. Sample size calculation on this, you guys.  I want to tell you, if you understand, then look, it is very easy, there is a pack flight worth one crore, the old one which can be sold in today's time, okay, you are feeling that it should be spent in 10 minutes, you can send that one, maybe that two.  If there is one vaccine in a year, it is okay even if there is no vaccine because of the use of this technology and where you have done one, if there is one in four years then that one will increase by 5 percent but it is only 5 actually.  If we put in 125, it would be only 4-5 questions, it would be bigger in the inflation rate, it would come down by only 3-4 percent and the difference would be this much, a profit of 40 lakhs, where would you go among yourselves, where would it go, we would be trapped in the new thing.  What you have learned is that it has to be taken inside the city, not outside, if you are living in the center of the city, the city has become old and there is some other area around you which is similar to big cities.  There are many center locations in India, similar to Delhi, Gurgaon, see the same egg white, if you do this in a small city, then there will be a colony of people, which will be considered as the main one. There are different centers in big cities, so you can bet on this.  Do it in the center, don't take it away, but people say that my friend, this one was 22 feet, he is getting it, 15, 16 are getting it, there is something in it, we will have to restructure the same, it is different as you live.  We will have to reduce our clothes and studies, we will have to reduce other things, I will have to do ministry ring but there is excellent technology, there will be parks outside, there will be good people to work with, the entry will also be very good and everything will be fun, we will live inside there and we will live with the latest technology.  And if your age is now shifted to six, then your age will be completely settled, it will also give merit to your child and it is possible that your Jyoti Jyoti will be useful to your grandchildren as well, this will be a duplicate of their life and you may chip in the old one. are you  1778 When you go into this and White remains 5 years younger than you and remains alive for 75 years, then at that time when there will be restructuring, redevelopment will happen, then how will we see which child will take whom, then you have to see this technology and  This decision has to be made, there is confusion in decision making itself, I can definitely help you in Gurgaon market, I can help you in Noida market, you connect with me, I will help you in this thing.  I will give charity, if you like the video then please like it and subscribe to the channel. If you are also seeing your forward message then press the notification.