Hello friends, this is a very relevant topic in the middle class, what the middle class needs, what you should do to stay middle class and not fall to the lower class and lower middling or lower class. I want to say that influencers 10 times bigger than me should give the content of my videos. Rahe And I Take It Aaj Un Bravo Only I Have No Complaint At All With Them Well How Can You Claim This Brother It's Like A Newspaper On Which Date Did My Video Come Out?  On what date does someone's video change from Hindi to English? Just this, it is feeling very good because the larger message should be sent, now even big financial influencers have started talking about it and I am feeling very good.  Whatever I have told you, I am telling them the same thing, now I will take them further from where I left my video, so no one is copying it, not just me, but talking on the topic that is date, okay, is there any reason in this?  Anyway, it is not available on YouTube, it is okay, so the middle class remains middle class and does not fall down, but it will be discussed. If you have not seen the video of my middle class series, then watch it first, please watch it, otherwise you will feel like walking in a rising bus, say, middle class.  It is going down is a fact, why is it going down, I had told under many examples that the lower classes are catching tankhaye, not increasing it, all the middle class people are not reducing it, mostly women do not reduce it, middle class children are not reducing it.  Also, mostly from 20-21 years to 30-35 years, some of the middle class are preparing, neither getting married, nor having less money, nor doing jobs, they are just preparing, okay, this is the biggest problem of the middle class, okay, lower.  Everyone in the class is reducing the taxation. If you tell me that if someone's salary is Rs 30 lakh in a year then the tax on him is Rs 20 lakh, then 30% profit is less than Rs 70000 per month.  If there is one then he does not even enter the taxi and there are 5-6 of them, all of them are short in cash, some are driving rickshaws, some are doing this and many people are surprised, I am talking about big cities.  Or a maid earns Rs 30,35,40,000. Some audiences from big and small cities like cooking. So you should know. I am not telling the rates of America. I am also telling the rates of Gurgaon. Go and see this.  Jabong, Flipkart and these people who keep roaming around, ask Hindi how much money do you earn, the basic salary is ₹ 12-14-15000, you get ₹ 30 for one delivery, they make 30 to 35 degrees per day, so I want to tell you this.  I believe that the middle class has some inheri advantages which they are not taking advantage of which the lower class does not have. There are some such situations which the middle class does not have.  That's right but they are right, no one is utilizing it, what is that thing, financial history, loan taking capacity, getting lower interest loan, financial history is not of lower class, but you are indulging in financial assets by using your leverage, not creating real assets.  If HDFC is playing, any mutual fund is playing, these people will also play, catch them by using leverage, you can get a loan of Rs 50 lakh.  They are not even getting a punch, so I am not doing any versus here, I am here to help the one who is at the bottom, all the politicians from the top up, everyone's heart is beating, Rich is in need anyway.  There is no batting even for the middle class, so you buy your real assets, leverage them and then sit here, otherwise if you are here and have not reached here, then this one from then is reaching here, then you have to sit with them.  will have to and  You will feel pain because their sense of achievement will be very high, your sense of achievement will not be there, their women, their wives, their daughters do not work less than anyone, tell them anything. I had done a webinar on housewife, it was a very super hit.  Weiner was born, about 700-800 thousand people joined, you can take the platinum membership, I have told about the history in it, what kind of business you can do if you want. Take the platinum membership, you will see that webinar, you will see other types of it and you will get to attend it in the future also, if you are okay then you can do that, so again we come to what are the advantages of middle class, the advantages are this.  That you are definitely proficient in financial literacy, you are proficient in financial literacy as well and exposure is yours, but you are not doing many things. For example, when a  When an MBA tea seller makes tea, he reaches the unicorn stage, meaning a middle class level person or a more educated person, when he enters into these activities, then his hygiene factor, scalability, business model, method, he is a different person.  A level goes, this is what I am trying to tell you, if you will do much, then go towards real jobs, real work, you will do butter, sitting there, I will get a job. Even if I get Rs 35,000 it will be fine but if I have to do the same thing as the boss, then you are not going anywhere with this message and you are not a family, you are not doing leverage and make assets, you are not doing restructuring of assets at all.  Someone is bringing only one percentage, four floors can be built, one and a half floor is lying, some can be sold, something else can be taken somewhere, this folder generation is doing nothing.  It is like this that you did not find out, you see what you see, brother, your next generation will be lower class and you too will seem to be lower class, there is no achievement here, there is neither condemnation of the poor nor we have to rise above poverty, we all have to rise above.  You have to go and cry about the one who is coming up from the bottom, you can cry, you have to come, you have to celebrate the country, but you have to see the one who is making ketchup from the bottom up, so you have been sitting here like the rabbit and tortoise.  The number of turtles is decreasing and the number of rabbits is decreasing, so some effort is being made to wake up the rabbit by saying please please watch it, you will keep saying this again and again to them, hey, they have free electricity, free water, bring them your own.  Do it in a free government because the problem of the middle class is that of the aspirational bridge class and do n't work hard even for the upper class. Do n't work hard. If you keep your aspirations fulfilled then you have a sense of entitlement. It is not released. I am earning less money and I deserve this from the money I am getting and I should settle on this but I want to settle here whether it is to buy a car or to buy a house. Whether it is to buy clothes, to go on vacation or to send children to school, the middle class wants the best in everything and in the pursuit of the best, they are unable to reach anywhere because the expenses are so low that savings are not there, savings are extreme in the lower class. Their only problem is that people get trapped in one or two bed habits. The storm that destroys them, their second problem is that they are not able to channelize their savings because there is no financial inclusion, they cannot get loans, but this one. Whatever it is, according to me, it will be shot out in the next two-three- four-five years, this too will be figured out or if not by someone else, then by convincing like us or some other financial influencer or  Banks or someone will include them, everyone will explain, brother, send this person here, send this person here, deposit your money, pay some tax, do this, do this, you will get the loan and these people are slowly coming up, so yours today.  Seeing one end in life - Advantage Disadvantage Richness and poverty are all relative and so is happiness. Your relatives are all like that, you are a little richer than them, so you consider yourself rich and you are like that in isolation, you are having a party of ₹ 5 crores. But all your relatives are worth Rs. 50 crores, all your acquaintances are worth Rs. 50 crores, especially Sadhu, if yours is fine then you will always make poor fools, this is one eye in this, it has no meaning in the absolute sense, so ₹5 crores is a true good figure.  You are meaning in d top half percent of d country also it is ok on friends and relatives are higher so everything is relative first of all understand this so take a ranking in that you are ok that  If you people are here in the ranking, then now there is a time to fall here because if you look at the capital income of D household, then as they say, average batsman is scoring good runs and the rest is not batting at all, in the middle class.  The woman is not doing it at all, it's okay, she doesn't know what to do, she does n't even want to know what to do, I gave the children my hair, I can't do anything else, brother, we can worry about the house, only then I tell the housewife.  pushing so much  I am in the class because the female workforce participation in the entire country is so low. Please tell your wife who is 40 years old. Which children are studying in 45? The children must have grown up. Children do grow up sometime in the age of 40-45. How many children will you make an excuse for, I say dialogues in every punch way video so that it causes great pain somewhere else, I know it and my mother is giving me pain, I am telling her why so that brother, take the pain so that  Please participate in the force, participate in GDP growth, participate in the country, the rich are engaged in earning money, working hard to move ahead, the lower class, the pure class, that class, the working class, are busy in the middle class too. Women, we also do it at home, don't do it in your house, do it in someone else's house, do it in your house, do it in someone else's house, it will be registered in the GDP, you are talking nonsense. This is not how it happens, what happens is that you give your tuition to a distant neighbor's child and your neighbor's wife gives tuition to your child and she will transfer Rs. 4000 in this name's name, this will make zero net zero in this, this is zero but in GDP it has become 8000 this.  This is Economics for you. Understand economics. Put it in her husband's account. Gave it to him in the name of the woman. Her husband gave it to your account. Put it in this woman's account. He got Rs. 4000. He studied one subject. Explained that when she was teaching her child, her child got ahead in that subject. When she was teaching her child, her child got ahead in that subject, she did not put much effort, no net money changed, but GDP grew by 8000 and that's it.  When those women will educate 5 children, educate 10, educate 20, if there are many more ideas then it will happen and all these are less, do n't go out and do any job, attend me, do whatever is on record, please check, it's okay.  If you take platinum membership, you will see more like this. Please middle class people, you will be the only one left in bitterness because of this, then they will say that no one asked us, not even the politicians, and this one became rich, they became rich, I come across this many times in the comment section.  Hey, it is very easy for you, sit in the drawing room and greet your friends, the middle class person is writing to you, the person with the door glass never writes, he is doing this, I am a poor person, so I belong to this place.  Who told you to make things less difficult, you also make things easier, it is not easy, it is not easy, this is what I am doing while sitting, brothers and sisters, it is very easy, it is less, turn on your mobile, hello friends, do it and if it is easy then do it. I am teaching you how to do it in A Go Platinum. How much money can you earn? If you become someone who does the right thing then you will also teach someone who does the right thing. If it is easy, then it will also be easy. When you do it, you will also know the problem. Only two things will happen either.  Is it easy or difficult? You are in between.  You will learn it. If you learn it, you will also know how much dirt and masala is there in it. Learn it, why are you crying, you are speaking easily, it is losing money so easily in business, you are the only one who is unhappy in all the fun.  The world is all fine and we are waiting for our votes. This reservation should be abolished. Secondly, it means that middle class having normal oil, lack of dancing, it is inflation. This much has been made free for them. Eat your ration, friend, for two rupees.  ₹3 Look at the one, it is difficult to be rich, you have to do less, if you do n't do anything to be poor then become poor, take all the facilities, the poor ones are middle class on the facilities of the poor, I belong to this brother, you have to detach the child.  He is 18 years old and says brother, you have become poor on your own, he earns zero rupees and lives separately, he says then become poor, it is not so easy, it is not so easy to stop like this, it will suffice, okay, whatever class he is from then, he is smart.  Now He is doing less, he can survive with less, he does less within himself, never in any lower class house, in the house of the poor, outsiders come and do less, they sweep and mop, they live as if they are theirs, they are called Lat Saheb type. They don't want a big house, they don't keep living like this, they know how to survive even in a cooler, their savings are very high, their aspirations are also not that much, their earning is a lot, they have a lot of savings, they just don't have the channel.  They do not have any history of savings due to which they do not get leverage. These are their disadvantages. They are very big addicts and make their own way by doing this thing. This is also a fact, but they are such a large section of the lower class that if they are 10, 20, 30 percent  Also means get they act together suddenly this middle class which is formed here it will form this will go below so you will have a very high rich class  And a big pearl of lower income or lower middle class will be this and that inflation will take that thing there but if you look at the capita GDP then it is about 232400 of our year is fine and it is moving very fast you 4000 is fine in these  Next Three Four Yes, whatever growth there is, it is mostly coming from the lower class, nothing is growing for the middle class, only the expenses of the middle class are increasing.  Check yourself about the education of your children and their aspirations, because in the Ghoomi Ghoomi movie, they have already done all the standard entitlements, so we have to do it, we are not getting any salary and the wife is not doing it, neither does she want to do it, nor do we know how to do it, so this is it.  It is negative but if you leverage the assets and nothing else then restartcher people because you have been middle class for many years then your setting on assets does not have assets at all.  List do something about these assets, this is too much, too little, the house worth one and a half, two, two and a half, three, four crores has to be located somewhere, stilts have to be made, let four builders be built on the floor, keep one, sell it, give it to him, program something, sleep and wake up. Rabbit, this is what I am trying to do, am I doing this right, am I doing these topics right, are I able to relate to you, is this real content, are you guys enjoying please comment section  i likhiyega thank you very much