Hello friends, family series video number four. In this family series, 3 videos have already been made. What happens in the society and what things can be improved at the level of thinking so that we can become a better society and we can remain happy.  The topic of the fourth video in the same series is Parkar Karna Syndrome, it is special in Haryana and general in North India, there is stock limit, Par karna centers, parents do it, it is going to be very interesting, where did I come to mind that among these topics?  I bring originality, so please like this video so that I can understand the number of lights. I have to stir up this kind of discussion further in my series. I wonder whether the city becomes silent or not. Maybe the audience is not liking it.  So you have heard this topic now, but if you enjoyed it, you can like 'Love Me'. If you are looking forward to this then you can subscribe. There is also a marital series, there is a money mindset series, there is also a career series and so on.  In this family series, I match different topics with the support of practicality. There are two things in my life that your family becomes prosperous and happy, you become prosperous by being happy or something happens to the rich, you guys decide, there are two things of prosperity.  One leads to happiness and the other leads to happiness and in this money, acid, real estate distribution, emotions play a big role, so let's move on to today's topic, we have two children, born since 1950, we are not talking about the children born in 1950.  What we are talking about here is that 9890 of his children were born, so his father is of 5016, so when Mahapaap Quick in which you understand his thinking, in that type of India, there were 710 children, so all the children cannot be given education.  It was because India was a poor country, so 12 years of it were included, or 12 days, we got some acid notes, we got resources, we got resources, so we the people were invested in resources.  From the father I am good manners f-18, so one of the brothers and his image was 10 12 14 16 years older than the youngest one, so when this brother became something, he used to help people in his family.  Shivling Score 13 Story Player If there were grandchildren, then this generation which is today's grandparents, is ignorant and is older, so today's program itself is focusing on their two children who have so many children, they have given birth to two children. If you are identifying with this then type my request ID because if there is interaction then this will give me energy and this juice is willing to wish for the issues that are happening in the society, there is no race.  If there is any doubt on any channel, if no one is doing a race, then you went to Agrasen school, your brother also went to the same school, both Shivlings went to the same school, studied with the same teachers, wore the same dress, went to the same school.  There was a fee, if one of the children did not do good to you, then the one who did not do good, this is the feeling of the parents that Ramesh is somehow equal, this feeling is very wrong, it is the root of the conflict, I come to me for consultation. Issues come up, these are the topics and this is the issue, soldiers come to me in my dreams, I feel like a professional because of them, you understand that these are my studies, I will tell further only after doing a case study, if this video of mine is liked, then I will do something like this.  There are many family to retail packs coming along with which there will be many family to retail packs. There will not be any audience among you who has not seen the phenomenon himself or has not seen any image and relatives reacting to it. This should be made a topic of discussion with your family group.  When parents think of equalizing each other, be it two brothers, two Shivlingas or two children, girls or anyone else, they sow a seed of equality among themselves because  Whenever this happens, it becomes apparent that what is happening is seen through a magnifying glass and your family is in disarray due to the sun that has hit them. Stop doing this.  Do it like this is the scale, here is 2KG, here is tomato and I would have equaled it on 50 grams of vermicelli, then if two things were equal to one and a half, then all the children want to equalize. May you enjoy the fruits of your luck and hard work.  You cannot write anyone's script in a very good way about your pending life karmas and whatever I tell you, in the coming destruction, I will take out this paste and tell it to the people, whoever among you is suffering from this disease and syndrome, write here. In my comments, there will be no shame in this, no one will judge that this society has been going through a lot of pain, all the families are going through this issue, but giving them a knowledge, racing them, discussing them over tea, this is what a meeting will do because  Come endlessly, one should equalize the udder style, but can one equalize the marital life that is happy in this, I am pressing your parents, if you are a child, 2030, 35 years old, forward your stomach on the group, carrying it on my shoulder. You shoot the gun and tell me whether you are enjoying it or not, don't let anyone down, I am printed but I tell the paint, brother, if you want a box then do not add such new accounts in your life because you are so  Will cause pain in this system that you will not understand what you have done. If a child has helped immeasurably and a child has not helped, then let me help you at every rate and there is a surety of Rs 1000, because the  Girl letter from this child that father, I have a lot, I don't need you, you are the younger brother, the elder brother can be anything above, there is no discrimination between big and small, okay you do it late.  In the country, the Decide Your Daughter Decide crisis, the Mumbai Team Decide, has created a rift between your generation, your grandchildren, and is fighting for a small piece of what your grandfather, grandfather, maternal grandfather or any other relative has. Whatever I read, he is the head of the family, he could have easily made it equal, but he posted his blog, brother, hmmm, we will make it equal, even if we could see the tension, the one who is doing good mentally, has the remaining pain in his life. That when life has to be broken, I had made a short relationship video, my videos are very deep, that is why higher notices are not able to be seen, there is no tree, sir, if you people had forwarded so much, then it is a request if you can share such videos.  And carrot yes, so I showed the trailer on a small topic and roasted it slowly, I have the ability to take out the pain from people's life, I am an individual, I am not happy on these things, in Hope and Consultation, I want a man.  I want to open the slippers in one go to the society in different forms that these are the things that happen, these are the things of pain, don't open them and tell your father and mother that those who are equalizing here are hurting me, tell me. Don't ignore it silently because father will go away, mother is mother, then that pain will always remain for the whole life and you have no right to steal from your Shivlinga which will go away from you because after the departure of parents, it is your brother or sister.  are you this  The rest of the original family has also been created as your own family, so you need all that and many parents, in their insecurities or in their favoritism, are going to make the mistake of thinking that so and so's son-in-law is good, I am the old one, he is very good.  It is good, it is not better than this, so if I go, then this one, take care of her, she makes complications, that is why she says that it is very difficult to be a father, whoever is the head of the house 6065 7075 8085  People of number 1 are listening to this and if they can understand then they have to see that you have to remain as a husband to your wife, that you should act according to her, that if you had done it, you would have used her, then you should have fulfilled your dharma by doing that, you are the father.  He is one, you don't say, vote is used, Supreme Father is the word, you people must know that Supreme Father, what we talk about above is the supreme element, but you too are not much less than him, whoever has become a father in my life, this has a purpose for the fathers. Masha, give a big status, look, status is everything.  While doing technique, we are discussing about it, it's not me, mother, she has to compete, but I, it is the role of other people's fathers, your status will be achieved only when you play your role correctly. On the advice of your wife, you will take such a step against her prejudices that  If shots are fired in your family, your soul will never be at peace nor will you get the most because you gave it to a fresh person, so today I have explained this in simple terms to you people, I hope.  I liked it, I hope you people found something new, there are many ways to explain this and the knowledge, I will keep telling about it in the platform, which people will connect with Mirchi. If you have not connected with me yet, then you can connect with me. This is soft, when I change things.  And if I take half an hour and explain one thing to you, then you can understand what will be the change in your life if you understand that if this has happened to you, you are being castigated by showing the video to your father, what can't you know then what will be the change in you.  When I add it, I  I will tell you the reasons for this story to be played, it will end your understanding badkheda pain. What is there in life? To go towards happiness by reducing withdrawals, towards prosperity. For police station, understand why this is yours and what is the reason behind Yasmin airplane mode turn like so.  Please tell me what kind of video you make and if you share it with people then it will be very good. Feedback will be good. ID of like line will come and comment secretary will come. So next time I will make this one half as good as them.  let me tell you guys thank you