Hello friends, today I have brought my report card, I will tell you about the last few months, you can cross verify it and write in the comment section. At the end, I will tell you my ideology so that if there is zero percent confusion in the audience, then stay connected till the very end, it will be very interesting.  This is the end and I am also going to tell you the answer of the previous video, let's start with the road from Gurgaon to Rohtak and back. What changes have happened in the last few months that I think you will know.  It has to be operated, first of all, in the last 9-10 months, I have passed on the knowledge of Madhavan Construction to you audience. I think I have succeeded. Earlier, I was not discussing this thing. Translation started happening one and a half-two 28 years ago.  There was a lot of protest, all kinds of videos were made, people said that she can hit a nail, all kinds of things were made, but now this issue has become Saturn Madhavan.  Now everyone talks about Madhavan only because all the new premium winters that are coming have been May-11, so nothing is left without migraine and in this a lot of arguments like this are also given that it is old technology or new.  It is not a thing but it should be given time and a SIM and on my videos if you find any line fuel sub which saw him all in which you feel contradictory then you tell me the sequence should be logical which is the first thing it is in Madhavan's Illegal  The size seems good to me from all the people. The second thing that I have got is very little punishment from you people. And in this, tell me again who are those people to whom he has said this to me in private. Yes, now I am telling about the property. So when we ask a question to him that have you increased your level of awareness then the answer comes from there are you in the property business only? Chances are people who are into the property is selling in property marketing, not ready for aware conveyance.  Consumers don't even know that thing Five questions Call anyone What is the rate What should be the total rate How much should be given Divided by per square feet Super area My plan to take it forward in carpet area Make people aware Now grow on super area  If you do, if something is worth Rs 1 crore 2 lakh then you have to divide it by telling him at1 like, making GST ACP DCP SCEM position charges, threatening, don't listen to it from anyone like this, tell him brother, listen to the final rate.  I don't know, what is the density, how many acres are there and how many flights are there, how is it cooked down, those who don't know, feel, speak, cut, cut, cut, Baikunth, what does everyone do normally, one will call you, you will ask, you don't know, talk to my head, my  Talk to the head of the head. Those who want to break their heads by talking to the head of the head are okay, so I have increased this trend. I am happy to tell you about it. The focus of the entire industry should increase. It should be of very high standard so that builders also become aware. So that the customer has woken up, he also has the ability to compare the parameters Apple and Orange. Third thing, the commercial was made into a bed. Many people said thank you, especially those who do belt jobs and come back after retiring from any uniform service job.  Their money is government money, those who roam around with money in sacks and factories in helicopters, take their money for some support. I, my audience, did not recover like that. I do n't agree that there is more on my channel.  Must see about different things, here you don't need to give any advance, Commercial Office 21st, when you treat it like a shift, don't approach and massive and supply is five times more, I will make videos on these in the future, what has happened so far? I have a commercial series of 5 to 6 videos. I will also give the link. Those who have not seen it will watch my one. My videos are on construction. Those who have not seen one, loading on real estate education.  Carpet area is a proper playlist, chapter wise of real estate education, you can watch it, 5 7 minute videos send awareness, if you have not seen it, I have made awareness flight chowk thing properties, I have set a lot of difference in my style which is my old audience which is  I have been associated with him for a few days, he understands and has his own fun in it. I said that this is first year B.Sc. second year property AC three tier property sleeper class and general bogie but I did not know so today I again  I want to tell everyone in the next 15 seconds that first year AC is very expensive, profit or two is typing, luxury apartments are above Rs. 5-7, good ones are more than that, there are many products in AC 2 tier, NDA would have come in the comments below that.  AC is three tier, this is Deendayal Los's Akhand AC, three locations are nearby, sleeper class is below that in the market, affordable housing is sleeper class and the last one which will now come is general bogie.  Deendayal Upadhyay's plots, these small plots are fine, so it is important to tell so that you can understand which product you have put in. If you get AC three tier one ac-3 tier price please going ahead and white stripes.  Cutting AC Three Tier in C2 Price Gladwell The Tipping Settings Sleeper Class in AC Three Tier Price Not Worth a Price Getting But General Rest of Previous Class Rates and AC-3 Tier Rates  And It's Going to Happen Updates Time I have clearly explained the plots of Office Deendayal Upadhyay, now I am going to tell you one more thing has changed Another thing has changed There are as many videos on YouTube of these builder floor guys.  There would be very few builder floor owners who would show every bathroom, kitchen for 5 seconds and because there is no air or light in it, they cannot show more than that and do not stand in the balcony for more than two seconds.  They just keep showing you these in the form of fruits, the shine is fine and that 33 crore plant is worth three and a half walnuts, then 2.25 crore means what is the meaning of 75 sila, there is no price discovery, now people have stopped making it. Stop showing these, there is a big change. Do you believe that this change has taken place in the condom market? Then please write in the comment section that I have changed since 5. Now my name is  These changes have to be consolidated in the future and hundred percent clarity has to be given and the ideology has to be explained, it is very important because if the message is not clear, then whoever comes forward, how can they judge you? He is saying the right thing, I am saying the wrong thing.  I had made a video on this, sister, take anything, this is a video, my sister, take anything, the general approach is that and yes, this is also fine, it is fine for you too, today I am going to tell you only three things.  Not the fourth thing, only three things which you should take, depending and budget and requirement, okay three things, if you want affordable housing, before that I want to tell you the thing which is good for the end users, the same thing is good for the investor also, it cannot do two things.  Not be a separate all dead crops in Greater Noida because end user sweet sub investment what see notice separately if something ultimately no one will use then how many  Invest Raja, this pattern has been formed, ultimately someone will have to write, if people stop writing then how many pens will be made and the rate will be increased from 10 to 40 50 60 70 in 2020, one day it will crush this development, there is no end requirement for that thing. So How Can You Say and Angry Birds is a different thing for the end user and that is a different thing, I will consolidate it and move ahead.  I will tell you the second time belly of money, I will explain the payment plan to you people, this is very important, if there is a flight somewhere, let's say and 170 is taken by the end user, then the investor wants the 30 flights taken by him because he took only 30 nights on rent.  Will go and tomorrow Qualification Ghee If there is any flat available in the market for sale, he is taking you as an end user in his peace, keeping the children fed and happy, that face is more intense than these 30 flames.  You will see its opposite if friends, if you sell 180 rupees in flight or any product inside the shop, if all the investors go into it and not only this, if someone not only opened his own shop but also sold samosas, then it is of no use. What will be the matter there, end user has to come and keep this very important end user, this is just research in front of two words, amount Singh Tax September 238 Chamber I will not be  Doing pet consultation and will be deported mode time in spreading more awareness with fresh feel and in this you have soul of my videos out of 10 number that any video's including starting from this 10 number less than 5 means I have taken 10 minutes of your life. Took it and didn't add anything means it's number 15 if you used me day number six i.e. the video was tolerable a little bit number seven if you learned  If you gave me out of 10, it means that what you knew was explained to you and you got some quality. 8th, you got to learn something new which you did not know, you got to learn something new. 9th, you were attention brother, it was fun, new.  Got time to learn also, time works well spent and awareness increases, top ten should be observed in that, it was washed and torn from every side, every video taken to office was not made up to that level.  Can my images target S8 cricketer make it toxic, I will try not to want below eight, you will not let me, you write with me, write six, I will definitely go to you people at a place where the awareness syllabus of extremely high in all space only with you  The rest of the series is going on, you have to watch mine, my job series is doing very good turn on, very good, I am getting feedback in it and I will add new videos in it, okay watch one of my Rafi when I Rate India's Number One Real Estate Clarity: Tell yourself one thing. If I speak, you have to write in the comment section. I have grown old, I speak in videos. Tell me, I am truthful when I speak to you, from my gestures, from my face, from my body language.  Wife, does this energy reflect arrogance or confidence? I want to know, I want to know that I speak, I am India's number one real estate clarity and  I am on the real estate topic, the way I explain things, I don't think anyone does, that's why I just stand by myself. Now as I tell you a small upcoming topic, whether you have built a property like a house or have bought some new property, then you will get a good time.  What should not be done or how should it be done, why should it not be done, have you heard till now that someone has made it, what level of knowledge is required to bring it, what level of property should be invested or it should not be done too much, which one is it?  should or how to do  Want interesting topic, get second time, this property concept will be introduced for the first time in India. Major Sangwan introduced timeless property concept in the video. If anyone knows me, I will introduce a new Sanskrit and how will you guys bowl with it. So every video will be cut on September. I am going to make it more interactive with Twitter and you people have shown me a lot of anger, I am showing it which is love, affection, sincerity and respect.  Whatever mixture is there, I will give it from my side as well. If it comes from your side, I will give a lot only then the pet consultation has been stopped. When you will be on Sunday, your livelihood should also be maintained. Okay, so trees will also run on Sunday.  I am stopping my concentration so that I can give you time and quality content. Individual consultation becomes very expensive, so you can also become a premium subscriber. Listen a lot for premium subscribers today.  Or yesterday I made a very targeted and aspecific video, that alone is very fun to watch, especially for those who want to know about Gurgaon properties on Dwarka Express, what is the rate, what will be the rate, how much will it be because many people spread misconception.  The rates are very big, these rates are not to be paid, there are no increases in it, so I have mentioned the rate in it, so you can give that rate in it, Lucknow is very price sensitive and it is not right to tell it in the open form, its own.  The reactions are given to me by hand, so I did not know that the answer to the previous question was on 66.7 pages. It is ok. Everest, I have written 175 lots. I have made it easy for you guys to see. Send me a message that I am leaving that video from my side. Go to, I have as many maximum premium subscribers as you can see, it is written like this, it is written like gold and diamond, it is written that it is criminal, subscribe, mostly be quiet.  Right side, when a water is not, development was targeted in my life in two, live streaming What is a host, schools know who asked the question, if something happens, then they had put in a little job and put the rest, who answered through intuition  Say that the speed of going is 50, etc. then write 75 answers. Friends, many have also written in their thoughts that if you do not tell the distance, then how will we calculate?  So I am not making him a victim, I am telling you this, brothers and sisters, when it cannot be calculated, the advantage is the payment length, the disadvantage is the interest rate, someone will come and teach you something, if you delete only that, then time will be wasted.  Money, I will be teaching, listen, okay, do second third thinking, it is not that easy, I have only three product recommendations, I will do it for kidney only and this is what I will explain, this is my ideology, affordable housing thinking.  It can be understood that Deendayal Upadhyay's Shukla can come depending on oneself but I will teach that also and flight tax hall of premium list play list and there can be some products in it like again premium list clears which comes within 10 12 lakhs.  If he makes firoze well then he can also be one, Mintu of Witch Will Again will be premium listed, not that he will pick up such a thing from some small builder.  Taking it in the rural sector, Rishi is not happening at a private builder's place right now and it seems linguistic, hey, Rashtriya Winter doesn't do it, I will change it in my account to Gourment, that's because no one tells me that such issues are going on. Now when I am showing and making the video, please tell me clearly that this builder has not given the usage and apart from this, the government has not registered its fees and you are also given a loan.  If there is any problem in taking it then this should also be told, so please start giving the 2nd end number in the page, thank you.