Hello friends, this will be a deep topic but it will help many people. What do you do when times are not good? Many times in life you feel like this, my time was not going well, I start feeling myself. What is its definition? What is a good time?  What is not going according to you, what is not going and what should be done, when you are helpless in this, they will discuss, the first thing is that the time is not right, you cannot talk about some small things, has your day gone bad or your week has gone bad?  This month also  There will be trouble with the bus when pressure comes on you from different directions at the same time, parents' health is getting affected, there is an issue in the job, mother is not doing well, you are not getting along with your wife, you are not getting along with your girlfriend who is looking for a promotion.  They are not getting it as per their expectations. Children's education is not going well. Children are not able to speak. They are stuck in the story of property or stock or investment. They are stuck in the story and are not moving forward. The value of money is as it is.  I can't control it means  These are the eight types of things which are a pattern in life, many a times I have gone into situations whose life, if you see it, is more than 35 years, it happens to working people also but above 35 years. People may have seen these patterns many times - things are not working out, feeling of getting stuck, not enjoying, not doing anything great in life, nothing seems to be happening as per your wish and a feeling of sadness.  This is what happens in life, if you feel like this, there are eight things along with these eight things which I have told you in different aspects of your life, which are your relationships, health of you, health of yours, health of others, job and that's it.  Life is divided into these five things - shoes, money - and if any one of them gets attacked, then we take the help of others and deal with it - brother, the issue is only of someone's health, it is only the rest.  if the thing is ok then you deal with it  I got an issue at my job, everything else was sorted out, but it happens many times, it comes from many places and at many places you know that it was with time, it will be there immediately, there is nothing you can do because it will work like this. What can you do and what should you do in such a time, if we look at life, we have a life span of 20 years to 70 years, because if a man lives, he can live for 90 years, he is living even before 20, but  Before 20, we will accept that you are a child, your life is not under your control much and after 70 it happens that you may not want to do many things, so if we take a period of 50 years, then all the periods in it will be of 10 years.  It is possible that some of them will be very good periods, some will be good, some will be neutral, some will be bad and some will be very bad and that is not necessarily a completely equitable distribution and that  There was a period of 10 within 10 airs also you bill find some periods which are again like this so that in the total period when you count it na apne to you bill release it was good this work was good this was so when it is good then it is good What to tell for that, if it is good but if it is not good then what to do in it is very important, you have to learn it on time, what is to be learned which will take you ahead in life, Jain and  Awaken in you the ability to add value to others because the benefit of doing this will be that one, you will not break or disintegrate because because at other times you learn something new and your brain becomes fox on date learning, anything can happen, that is fine.  You can become a translator, you can learn anything by learning a new language, you can learn astrology, you can learn communication skills, you can learn marketing sales, many things among these.  I also want to learn, okay, you can learn to make your own, you can learn to learn all these things by making your own, you can learn to do consultation, you can open a YouTube channel, you can do YouTube on YouTube, so the time was not wasted, many of you  Bar Are You Not Able To Do Anything This Also This Also Making What Nothing But What Happens Is When The Good Time Comes Witch Bill Work Witch Bill Work Look Good Time Is A Bad Thing  When the good times are going on, what is the bad thing about the good times that they have to end, sometimes the time also has them and the good thing about the bad times is that they also end, so this is bound to happen, it is okay.  So, your energy is wasted in getting frustrated, in clashing with the wall, which is called breaking the wall, and in the things that have to be asked, energy is wasted because I have seen many people, okay, they have broken their hearts and gone, their own relationships have gone, you have lost your value.  I was not there, I was very  If you see value, you don't leave it, caste, that sad voice, then work on yourself, when big times are going on, work on yourself and when people work hard for you, then when times are good, you will have all those things.  Because I have seen in my experience and consultation that even when the good times came, the bad times broke it to such an extent that ' walkable' means 'walkable', I am not speaking literally, 'walkable' means real space.  in when  When good times come, you are not doing anything. You have lost your self- confidence, you have lost your lake, you have lost your enthusiasm. So, when the bad times are attacking, then this is the thing that I have done four-five times.  It is said in English that you can preserve them only when you learn something new. What problem have we done? In our country, brother, we have studied in school, we have studied in college, we have to learn practice, now we have lost our job, what do we have to learn now?  13 Som me things which you can learn one over one of 101 things about income tax ke bade me har ke bade me koi koi apna income tax ke reboot lene 100 things are right in your relationship ke bade 100 things about your emotional understanding.  Things to think about in a big way Things to think about in a big way in parenting Things that need to be thought in a big way in child psychology Think about these things in a structured way To bring happiness in your life, I am using my iconic  I am bringing Happiness Course 2.0 in the month of November. Happiness Course is very well received. If you want to take that too, then for that you can write h1 and h2 to register, but the second one is not such that the time will go well.  If it's good then you can't buy it, it's okay, even if the time is going good, you should take it, you should learn it, and if things are not going well, you should definitely take the price, this is very very nice, it's from one of your movie outings, the price is very late, 5  Live classes will be 2 hours course. Don't mistake live opportunity this time because if told on time then you definitely have to learn. You will learn anything in the course on happiness. I will teach you to do meditation like this, do spirituality and something big is happening by ignoring it like this.  I will not tell you about the above things, I will tell about the practical things which are connected to the ground, by doing and understanding which you will take your life forward. Whatever attacks our 5-6 things only, all these things.  I will tell you the difference, I will add these five things and if you attend Happiness Course One, then your happiness will become a very good base for you and if you take it now, I will give you my discount on it till 31st October if you are taking it.  Happiness Course: You, I will open a discount offer for you on Happiness Course One also, take that one at a little discount offer, till then you will understand completely that there are classes together and it is for 2 hours.  There are also question answers basically one is yours come d and off it you Bill Wickham a consultant because the person who is going through pain himself has to understand the pain very well and if he understands something in the structure way in the pain then that note is only for his  You have to have the ability to help. Now if you have the ability to help the world, then one of your skill sets will increase. If you have it, then do not miss it, it is very  It will be important for you and the fun of learning in winter is different, the fun of that winter season is about to come, it is a lot of fun to learn and learn, I enjoy learning a lot and the utilization will start after Diwali, okay, but this is why I am telling you now.  So that you can book yours in advance because there is always a limit for every thing and platform, more numbers cannot be added than that, so please add Learn Something New, enthusiasm increases automatically as soon as we learn something new and which I  I will teach  I will teach you in full drop by drop all the old knowledge and practical knowledge of consultation people and after listening to it, you will not feel that the story has been told in a long-winded type, that is, it sounds very good, but now how can I explain it in consultation?  that you can make money from