Hello friends, let me start my series of how studies, I had done some how studies earlier also, I have learned from consultation, how study is a real situation and with this, the topic of today's how study will be what the father and the parent should not do. These today's times are fine and you will get learning from many people, maybe you can identify and learn from this and how will I tell you, a boy works in Gurgaon.  He is married, his parents are from Uttarakhand, his parents are from Sahastradhara, a place a little ahead of Dehradun, okay and he is also in print, he is working in a government job and this boy is doing his work here, so how is this study? Recently the boy touched  He was with me and he was booking an apartment in Gurgaon. Now I did almost everything in it, after that what happened was that father got angry with father that you are late without asking us, this told father.  There was also an expectation of 10 to 15 lakh rupees because the father has money, similarly children do not make such expectations because what is today's war, mother is coming on cash but till now the sour story has not happened that much of 15-20 lakh.  If Dr. could make the payment, father refused, there was a complete analysis behind it, there was a conversation, whatever I came out with, I am telling you whether it is that IT com from the fear of father. If the boy buys a house in Gurgaon, then he will never come to us, and second thing, the real estate market in Dehradun, especially 2030 kilometers from Dehradun, things are cheaper there, there is something like that there, you can buy a house in 90 lakhs in 400 yards.  It means that the importance is cheap and less, here for Rs 90 lakh you are getting two apartments, you are getting only one floor, and on that, two apartments of 121400 square feet are available, so there it is.  There is no understanding of this thing and the second understanding is that if this boy is 26-27 years old then he has to work in Gurgaon for the next 35 years. The location there is near Dehradun near Sahastradhara and it is not possible to get it.  Father and mother have to come to Medanta for treatment. There is one or the other hospital, everyone comes from Lucknow, everyone comes here. Do you know that the parents definitely have the power to do so? This same child became rich further and further, he graduated in three years and the parents probably do not understand this realization in these two years, that child will not help him today, tomorrow he will be there every day and bought the story with great force and thought it was okay.  If father has given then it is possible that father-in-law also gives, it is okay to remember, then father-in-law will become dear, then don't ask what happened to us, it is okay, father-in-law can also give, how much is 10-15 lakhs?  It is not a big thing to take a loan, there is no need to give it permanently, it is okay, but when the child asked for it and you did not give him time, that thing will always be remembered, it has to be considered a game by the child, here you are the mother and the father-in-law.  Oh gold, this will be a marriage, now he will separate his wife and daughter-in-law from us, his income will go into her, the loan will be taken off, his money will be collected. Which one is he asking you for money to live in Switzerland? Which one is he asking you for a Creta Fortuner or  He is asking for money to buy If you are having any doubts whether it is not there or not, then why not come? How much time does it take to come from Dehradun? It takes three-four hours. Understand, you will know the concept. Now those who do not live in Mumbai, mother, they do not have any idea about what is happening in Mumbai.  The thing with Rs 350 carpet is also worth two crores. If you live in a small town, you will get a house of 350 yards there for the same price as you get a carpet of Rs 350 in Mumbai, but he will not understand, but your child is yours.  He cannot come and stay in your house in thousands of streams, but whether he belongs to you or not, if he stays here then he will have more value and respect, he is so open, oh brother, silver is a different thing, gold is different.  Diamond is different, you cannot get all those things, hence father, whenever the next generation asks for your help and asks for 10-15 lakhs and no one is going into speculative asset, he has genuine retirement to live, his rent is going 27.  28000 is 28 30, it will become 40-42 45 after 3 years and then it will not be given, today he had a chance and capital appreciation.  I could have taken a loan easily, I had the power, everything was possible, but that brother goes, now that child is dead, so he will ask questions and there will be a mess, this will not happen, old track record, 10000 flat, 100 overs, everything  It may have been good, but that opportunity has passed and if it is passed, then the next one will not be as good. Now which father will approve the next one because his insecurity will still be there, that is why this message is a scenario.  To the citizens, to the elderly, to the parents, don't panic like this, the children are not going to the story, the children are the birds of the ship, they will come back, don't keep so much security just because he has built a house there, I am telling you that one day he will have to sell you and come back with a thousand streams because the child  Staying the same there cannot come back and as long as the father stays there, the father is also the mother when the father is gone and the mother stays here without the father for 10, 15, 20 years. She will be with the son anyway, so please, by doing this, you are creating an asset for yourself. Give it to the child. If you feel too much like that, I do n't know what will happen, take your share and register it in your mother's name also, if you want.  You are giving 20%, I understand in many videos that parents should give money openly, if they are feeling any masala, if they are facing any issue, then if you are giving 20%, then people will run to eat 20% in the name of mother or you.  you say  Yes, we parents tell our children that we will take the food. Hey, the children will also take the food and go. Brother, tell me, they will go for the food. You are honest, you are not taking it, but no one is taking it. That 15 lakh rupees are lying in your bank.  HD 56% of the year, they are not giving you 7580000 rupees, they are not giving you 6.5 thousand rupees per month, the bass is fine here, the rates have increased by 2 lakh 3 lakhs, today in 10 days, what did you get by saying yes, yes, no, will you do more?  Or he will make some other arrangement from somewhere but he will definitely do it and then like in this case because if everyone would have understood then a personal loan has been taken, your child has taken the loan at 11% but if you see then his cash flow is less.  He thought it would remain with the boy, he has understood the thing but first someone is taking the thing happily, please understand O whoever you are, you have genuine knowledge which many people from small towns have less than those from big cities, but still father.  is wisdom  It is knowledge, it is most welcome, see today, meet, weekend, visit, check and see that it is being taken in the spirit of just think about what they mean, not only are they children, but they are also daughter-in-law, they are not children, they are not daughters, they also mean that someone's sleep is yours.  They have so much energy in each and every one of them, first they have to take it like a small child, when he says, 'My coming is okay', he gets happiness, when the child gets the toilet, it will be my toy, I will play, children grow up.  Toys change, rates change and that feeling should not change, the cot should not change, the feeling of period should have the same taste in it, take it here, tell me how much you want, this feeling should be there, there should not be insecurity, so we got to learn this from this study. That if your parents are doing like this then please what is the address 15 lakhs I know it is not so important for you, you can give it ok brother what is it for what do you want yourself  We will tell you that son, actually, we are thinking that if he will come out of our hands, otherwise he has taken the house, then how will he come, then we have to tell him that I still have to take the house and you should not think like this because where is the house, son?  And there is no need for parents to meet each other, if you don't come then they will come, at 55 years of age, at 60 years of age, you at 30 years, he will not come, at 90 they get settled, is n't it? Mostly Indian, by the time his job is over, his children are set.  Must have happened and maybe he will live according to his children, if he doesn't live according to you then he will never come, now you have to see and I will fit my jugaad, yes son, take one, take this and then after a few days, we will take more and  Then there will be fraud and Jugaad, we will have to come and see, otherwise we will take rent. This should be the approach. If your Jugaad is fit and Jugaad, then you will go. If not, if you will not go, then you keep your own. You have to stay here near Sahastra Dhara. You stay here.  you guys But when you turn 7075 and you have to come here, then maybe your mother will stay for 10-12 years. For some reason, you know that gap in old marriages is 6-67 years.  So the husband is there and the activity of the ladies is more by 67 years. If the husband is older by 6 years and the woman lives longer by 6 years, then the program is done till 12 years, then our Think about it in your wife's life too. Did you like this note about study? If you like the benefits of this note, if you want what kind of practical studies I do and do and the issues come to me from consultation, if I make this, then I will start a series.  I can do it a month or two in advance and decide how to distribute property among brothers and resolve issues between brothers and sisters. I think you will learn a lot. If you guys want, please.  Write how to study in the comment area, if I would like it, friend, how to study, many people have written that people are waiting for this kind of content, that yes, they will get something because this is a practical problem related to the ground, a practical problem which is there in life.  You will relate in some way or the other and if you want to do this consultation yourself, I am also giving you the template and platform to do this security in this way. Adjust, the people of my YouTube channel can become mini consultants and then they can become proper consultants, no one is of this time, there is no one to ask, there is a certificate, if there is substance in the matter, then there is substance, where is the matter coming from, but if there is a certificate, then Please stay connected, like, this channel has practical content, if you watch it properly, if you take platinum membership then there is a guarantee, which is not guaranteed in this content, but  Many people are doing consultancy in the content that is put in Fox Way in Platinum Membership. There is very good feedback. You can try. It is not a very big pen. It is not that it will cost you Rs. 70,000 for one pizza on Platinum Membership.  The monthly account is one piece, its cost is the same, go and check the join button, DBA Happiness Course, Real Estate Course, Saree 10X Webinar, all content is  And further you will get the link of Baby Nurse, everything is there, there are many aspects in it, you can find each one as per your convenience, you can also become a very good consultant, so if you want to take platinum membership or are late, then WhatsApp group WhatsApp number is given below.  Can contact if I want or have taken it then please send it to me on platinum whatsapp group where engagement is more directly thank you very match