Hello friends, what is the one thing that is more difficult than finding a job in big cities, which we are seeing trends in right now and that is, look at the rents of houses in Bangalore, what is happening to you, there is a flood of property in Gurgaon too. Those who say that it remains two to three percent, like demat people, earn is a big favorite relief, I am telling you real estate rentals bill remains 3%, they always have without three days and give the bill.  Again the 3% statement is true but let's analyze it a little further, I got ₹3 on ₹100, the property was worth ₹100, I got ₹3, brother, when it turned 200, I got ₹6 and when it turned 400,  I got ₹ 12, so the rental is only 3% but it would be 100 to 400. What happened to it and when I used to get 3 at the shop, now it is 100.  400 and she is giving 12 rupees, what is its calculation and brother, if I put this rental in mutual fund and equity, then what is the answer? Write in the comment area, I explain these things in detail, I understand and do it very well. You can join the Real Estate Info Winner Group. Very nice returns because you are getting a job. You are not able to find a house in Bangalore and you are looking for it. You are looking for a LinkedIn profile. Marks of 10th and 12th are being asked. Tell the tenant where is the Farmaishi program and tell me the rent. This is how it is in Bangalore. Bengaluru Real State also. No I will start coming from this Math only or in the next month days. Bengaluru Real State also.  I Bill Start Covering I Am Already Covering And Ahmedabad Pune Gurgaon And Kolkata And Mumbai Some More Cities Of Maharashtra And Some Of Haryana  If you live in cities then you want to know and understand all this then there is Real Estate Webinar Info Group. Comment area on it. Jain Real Estate. It is on off transitory outward cycle.  It comes out again and again on tweets and a statement which Arpathetali finds so true, today I did some calculations on Chhath and told that the percentage here remains only three, uncle, because when  If the rent is increased then the property rates also increase, so it remains only three, so you will always remain like that, it will always remain only three. It's something like that if you exercise, you run so much, then your weight reduces by only so many grams. Make you run away. Do the walking, do the exercise, do the band, see what will happen to the condition of the body, it is a constant dynamic situation, isn't it brother, it is a dynamic situation, that real estate was also worth ₹ 100 per yard, ₹ 200.  There are 2 lakh yards, the story is also ₹ 500000, Oriental Eid, you are right but the rents are increasing, they are not increasing and the name of the property is not increasing, if I am getting rent up to 3-4 and my property is up to 660.  If there is a flood, will I add the returns of both or not? I will just say that the property is a big percentage and from where do you get the data. From where do you get the data of HB? Okay brother, there is cash in the property too.  I will also tell you about the rates in case something goes wrong, he knows that you will capture Gurgaon, you tell me, I am not capturing the rest, how many people are there who are paying capital gen tax, if they are paying it in the entire capital gen, then know the returns on real estate.  Not only does anyone know about this, the person who got it is also not calculating properly because he is not calculating the rent. Along with the rent, what else has he not calculated? If you buy a property for Rs. 25  If it is kept for a year, then we have to keep an exact account of the rent received. What is so much spent in maintenance because people will come and tell the story, everything has been taken out in maintenance, everyone has become depressed, everything will be useless, hey, I am not talking about Mumbai in Pune, I am talking about Mumbai.  That history is longer in Pune. I am telling you where the rates of flats in Pune have increased in the last 20 years. Tell me brother, depression happens. I will tax the other lions as well, you will tax the smaller lions also and all this will be done openly to you.  I will give you clarity on this matter. Please subscribe the channel and read Real Estate Exclusive. I have a real estate channel. My request is to my subscribers to collect all the real estate that I have on my project. Micromax has a lot of detail in it because it has to be  If there is a specific real estate channel, please go and subscribe to it, I will post its link in the comment area and description, so please click on it.  It is a request, I have released this fact, I am not requesting it for the first time, I think it has been 5-6 months since the channel was created, maybe it is okay, it has been 6-7 months, it must be six months, so I did not request it at all. Brother, that channel is also an exclusive channel, it is a real estate channel, if you like it, please subscribe to it, thank you very much.