That Hello friends, Family Series Video Number Eleventh Video Number 13 Very Right Share Comment If you have not seen this then definitely watch it. My family series is being received very well. In today's video number-11 we will discuss that Paris should remain small in the city. Want to live, old age increases, health gets worse but not ready to go to children due to this, its effects and how to get rid of this problem this year.  I will tell you that people say where do you come up with these topics from, how do you think but people make sure that I do some things and I do consultation, we all have real life problems, you can give them in the comment section, but how many people are connected to it and who are not? Do it in June and will take it after 5 years. And those parents who have to put their children in this problem should also see that if you are 5560 then probably you have put your children in this problem, understand that there will be problems and know that you should  If you want to live in the open, have you settled in a small town, are the medical facilities not so good or are there very few human resources, but if your children live now, then the problem is less set for the boys. Society is torching the boys a lot. Today I am telling you.  I am informative mails published by ok enter my Guru Tattva has grown a lot but daughters are still doing well Bluetooth has had a lot of impact on sons and daughters watch this video  Example you will understand how and quiet if you are son 45 50 years old it is ok for you to stay connected it is ok for you 3540 first period you stop them from this point to the best all the sun is dress job and traveling from her old age limit  No brother, we will discuss this but he takes leave again and again only when the child's job is in order. His wife gets irritated and his children say no.  He goes to his grandparents and our fun is spoiled, this father is fine and he takes us away at times too, he also has a problem, the wife, the mother-in-law, is not ready to serve the father-in-law very much, or Kashmir, by the way, it is not very good.  Was she okay then it is my duty to feed you neem laddus, I have written about the food to you, I know that many people who inquire should benefit from the fact that they get very good comments about the video and the video which shows the mirror to the society. So I am not speaking very tasty, I am like you, okay, I am seeing all these things all around, if you subscribe then we will follow this subscribe and subscribe the Channel and subscirbe Even if you roam around in Ludhiana with four cloves, people still leave the house and subscribe to you so  Don't want to come Apple, dress your son and should not live with tubeless daughter-in-law, daughter-in-law will become a mistress, whenever mother-in-law used to come, she used to be a mistress, so she has the attitude of dance and I know that ticket.  If you can't live with it then you can't say this, but if we live with the truth then we would like to say peanuts, I do n't like that, here people are telling such stories, those with them have not already left with their children and so much  Someone is friends, they all have the same option, here it is the time, parents fight, someone is fond of friendship, all this story is told or not, someone likes it, they like it, they will see that they have to come there. own  Only if you give him the lipid which will be in his name, he will be calm, now he does not want to sell and come to the big city, he will not come to the big city, so prepare for it, if you want to add new APN, you have to do it first, you want to live in your small house.  Is it true that you want to live in your house for years, God forbid there will be no disease till the last breath of your life, but you are going to your child, buy a small house for him and keep it on rent in between so that in old age he has to. So the house is still there Especially when father leaves, mother will now live in the same house in that small town of hers or any place near her. She definitely has the freedom to go to any one. Today Marriage Movie What are my chords? Now after getting permission, I will talk about the secret a lot Strange, he was not talking about us because many people will say, Priya, where do you buy from? You are not the audience, nor is it my audio; those who don't do this are the mutual funds, on the contrary, by default, these are the ones, you have yours.  If you are looking for a solution to life, then when you fall ill, it is the child's heart that beats. It is the boy 's time. He is neither a doctor nor a nurse. I am the one who gave the medicine and finally completed his duty. But where did he come from? And for the parents, you have time only for this.  I get a taste for it, if the leaves fall, then what is the point? Okay, but how much trouble you are causing to that child, the parents should also understand that due to your stubbornness, you have unnecessarily not found a real estate solution for yourself, then it is a stage higher.  It comes from the fact that after reaching the parents, some things cannot be cured, there can be many other diseases, lifestyle diseases and sewerage related, you will see that you are not walking, now the vision is getting reduced, it is okay to eat out also, the sun and every fourth  After spending days in the hospital, what do you want that your son should come and settle with you in a small town, leave his job, leave the future of his children, what did you hear his wife saying to him every day, do you know who does not want to make this shift?  so next time You are the one who wants to live here, you have put your stamp on green holidays, if you are on the phone, then bring the pest, give them a house, in their name and know the period, what will you do, why are you doing this at our place, so do it so that you feel bullied that our  Do you have a house or should you say so, I will take a loan, after you leave, I will get it, you stay, friend, add yours to it, invest your 20 lakhs, you have only one person inside, do you have respect or whatever is it, you are here.  stay and  Don't stay with us but you will hit right and then I will wipe you, I am so close because 70 80 years is not a kilometer long, people are not even solid 100 200 300, so don't stay in your situation, old people, if your health is deteriorating then I  Your garage is what happens many times in a few days, being a man feels 72nd, that's it, it's done in MP3, it seems to be gone, let's know how much it costs you to polish it.  Find out that you were 22 years old and when you turned 40, what did you do in those 22 attacks, find out how old you are, this year you will have a professional job, your own children will not bother them, it is okay for the children, the first child also went to the twelfth. Long time also prevents you from doing nothing and after going to the city you will get better every year from 71 to 65. Whatever you choose, it is fine for you, take it as medical science will not let you die, medicines will not let you die, so after the last appointment, you will be like this. Don't live like where you need attention, there are problems but you turning, I will stay here, I like what happens sometimes, it helped at all, listen from Bihar in the meeting and how many people are in this frill, tell me what happens sometimes  You were poor on the floor of 1971, you were in love, you were dependent on him, your child has become an opportunity, you have done well, now you have read his status, right, your status in this is the same date, now when he comes to your house, that is why his wife comes.  His children come to you, grandchildren come to him, he no longer feels comfortable in the serial, there is no attached toilet, there is no mood of special size, air conditioners, these are not facilities, now you come to us, why should he come to us, who would come in poverty?  Wants to remain poor in poverty again, does not want to remain poor in his test career, of course poverty is a curse, poverty is a curse and poverty is relative, so if every man, if today's level is this much, then his level is this much, then in front of him In a bowl, in front of this person, this person is poor, if you are here, your child is gone, then you put your gift box and come to him, whereas if your grandchildren are not giving you happiness, your child is not giving you happiness, and your friend is giving you happiness.  You have a history of pimples, you have to take happiness, you should also take happiness from them, do you know how to take happiness, do you know how to take happiness from your grandchildren, don't you talk, now let's talk to us, think about it, new, they have time.  why not theirs They have time to play survival, they have time to watch Netflix, they have time to waste time with friends, because time is there for you, have you ever thought that you are not even interested, don't you spare them some time from their tension?  Hey, you are not a Munshi, you will have a crush on Mukesh Saini Khan, I will teach you in this in the family series, Vashishtha, the answer is ok, first of all, you are my friend, I will come there only to go to big cities, there is pollution here, hey  Piprali is burning here, there is lotion there, no one of yours has been in it, very big stubble is burning in it, Rohtak, Hisar and that Punjab hand reach the village where it is burning, otherwise land pollution, go to your home for a month or two. If I am not enjoying the pollution of animals, then it is okay, it will not happen in March, if this is a problem, then it will not happen, okay, start running it, you people, start keeping them, please make quantum active arrangements of your parents like this in your big city. Vote then comment people where they can live separately if white, you will keep crying like this, take the profit, take the commercial, it is okay, papaya cannot remain in the plot, nor can it remain in the commercial and you will have to update and your wife will taunt you daily.  Do n't beat your wives. That's it, today I will apply a little oil and then a little of that. Answers like this are still very friendly people and I also talk to them quickly and never like problem daughters.  If you do n't even say like then you would always be fit till date. If you press your daughter's words, then the next topic on this is without a worthless son, come like a meeting, what should you sleep and the topic is a lot of pain in the boys' line, there will be a lot of pain in the line of boys that you want.  Is that pain less, will we get clarity on it? Please join the hands of your parents. Now tell me brother, start living with us, we did not download this app, and if you are so stubborn, then even today it is in your body, then I will stop your tantrums. it  The possibility of throwing tantrums will be reduced by 12 more years, so if you want to take it now, then come and sell yours, or buy it in half, or I will buy it, whatever way you want to do it, we will find the solution, but finding the solution is like this bus travel.  Life gets ruined in Nobody Should Be Traveling forcefully, you have to take care of me, that call will come after a day, it is always ok, so how did you like this video, some people found it bad, it is a very good thing because it  Only the people were feeling bad, the engine of this video is feeling bad, write me in the comment section so that I feel that he is successful in me, okay, sometimes such cricketers make you feel that yes, I am hurting people.  We have to make one feel because when we do something good then the reaction feels good. I don't change anything. If you feel bad or those who are troubling their children then write in the comment section and those children who are feeling that our pain is theirs.  courage inside How to forward the video made or write in the comment section if you feel bad then please how much because I will feel very happy because I had gone to install the camera, thank you.