Hello friends, this video is crowd sourcing of information and wisdom. I need your help. Please write to me in the comment section. As many people are watching, what is your opinion? The topic came on social media a few days ago that on government equity.  On the issue of normalizing the long term capital gains tax which is 30 per cent of the world's normal tax, a clarification came very quickly from the Finance Ministry that  Nothing like this is happening but nothing happens just like that, so today I want to ask you whether this thing can happen in the next year's budget. Some such tips by a person who invests in equity and has been waiting. For a very long time, I have trouble even in 10 cents. I want it to remain the same as it was before zero, but nothing can happen with my departure because the argument being given is that when humans work from morning to evening.  some are working hard When you earn money, you type on it and keep everyone's tight slap day, so if you are sitting and pressing the button in demand and you are getting green there, then you have not done any physical work or running around, not even sweating.  A lot of direct employment has also not been generated, so why not put 30% tax on it? If you want then this is not the discussion, the question is not this, it should not happen, it should not happen, so I will tell you in the beginning. That our maida who invest should not be there or the balls who will not invest, it will be good for the country regarding investors, we will not go on political discussion, we will not go on moral duty, we will wake up to the practical OTP that if this happens then what will happen if this comes Next year, the equity which seems so good is first class to us because we have to pay only ten percent of the space. I too will not see any forward motion. There will be a shock in the market once again. There will be a correction. After that, how to set the people will resign.  But you will have to pay in this also, okay, so can your real estate be a better acid classes, that this thing can be a factor in version people not thinking that brother, I did not buy or sell real estate and because it would be like in the city, have you  Bought a share of ₹ 100 and it became worth a thousand, then even after getting a thousand, he did not give you any intention, it is okay because those with division dipping are also less and among them there is very less sharing, how much woe and those who have yes, this is normal. you will see  Normally you will see that those pages do not do much, there are only government PCs etc. till the time they don't come out of it, I would say that if you have seen another scam in equity in shares and it becomes 2 crores and if it becomes 2 crores then  If I have to pay tax of Rs 35 lakh on Rs 1 crore, can I do real estate emergency? Sir, please interplay because I am going to tell you the alternative of taxation, you take the benefit of one seat in real estate.  If you get a rate of ₹ 100, then the government asks for 30 rupees, the corporation only asks for 370 rupees and where there are women, understand this that we take tax of 80 thousand rupees per month in the name of women who do not come less.  The only reason for giving property to women is if they have property. Firstly, the registry of benefits for giving property to women is less in every state. Secondly, the house rent for a woman is up to Rs 80,000 per year. If it is Rs 960000, then almost she will pay zero tax on it. How come, out of Rs 960000, 30 cents of such - but it is not worth two rupees, she gives repeat of your enrollment, in a way, she considers the last week only, then in that second income, you are left with Rs 1.5 lakh in section 80c. In a situation like I am, I can save myself somehow by putting this in the lace, you all know how big this list is.  Insurance etc. everything is fine so if it goes below Rs 5 lakh then tax has to be paid then when this expectation is muted tomorrow then real estate will become a very good thing for rental play and I feel that its realization will give a boost to the market.  Show this introductory video, it will start coming in nine months, the math was to tell you people whether this can happen and if it happens then every person sees his ad in class, doesn't he? If you buy folds like this then  If you go to buy a single point of gold then it costs 15 cents if there is a making charge then it is not a good way to get the good then you run into your hands wondering what to do, the other way is gold ETF, then gold ETF which you buy more units.  You can do that in Friends Match, there is one method, then the man sees in that too, he takes these charges in this also and I will have to pay tax on this too, then there is some other additional way to put money in the collar, then the man goes or talks.  If I do it then I come to know that there is something on it even after sleeping and don't. If I get 80% tax free then it is fine for me and I get 2 % or even 32% on it. In Kochi, the government also gives interest on it, so more long term.  If there is no capital gains tax, then that big addition system comes out after discussion, so whenever there will be investor community, there will be people in future, they will always look for Visa Debit Raj.  The possibility of capital seems to be eating them. I feel that my personal opinion is that there will be elections in 2023. There are elections in Budget 24. You can increase the money of the country by increasing the productivity of the country so that a lot of money comes to the country and then you It can be distributed through welfare schemes so that the party in the state i.e. the very rich and the poor are part of it. This is a function of the government which is a  It is a good step but it takes a lot of patience to fill the productivity, it takes years and years, it is not even visible, it is a very slow process, it is a quick process, you will get tax relief, okay, this is the best and easy way and if you look at the entire schemes, Where can it be increased easily? Here, the poor man had bought shares in D Mart, this is just a noise, it is okay for the poor, he is not able to buy, it is okay and how many demats are opened, forget how many demands are there in this tweet. And how many boys and girls have started playing a game of their own, do you think there will be a tax on it, what will happen and what can happen beyond this, setting, not thinking, because what is this thing? Have you blown a balloon once while talking about it? And then see where is the direction of the wind without balloons and after increasing it again, say, oh this is that list again, not faces, like Quran, nothing is happening like this, there is a way to see what kind of reaction comes and  Not just looking is also a signal to the psychologically intelligent person. It is okay that those who are intelligent have got time to think, now the alternative is in fact forward thinking and this is because it does not happen like this, gradually you will see that some official of the Fans Ministry has said in a few days.  Earlier something was said and then sometimes this came, only then something came, then there is speculation and by doing it slowly and gradually they mentally prepare the public and there is a very large section which is completely indifferent to this.  It is not effective and it is the core vote bank, so if 10 20 30 40 50 thousand crores are earned from it and benefits are painted on it, do you immediately see that the poor man has lost his stove or is this kind of scheme going to ruin my life?  Insurance has arrived, medical insurance has arrived and when asked, I feel that it will be like this, it is good, it is bad, it should happen, it should not happen, there is no use in discussing these, it is okay, the benefit is this.  What will happen if it happens and what can I do with it? Please write in the comment section. There are very few videos in which I share research with you guys. Normally, I give more from my side but with very few videos, what do you think about this?  My idea is, please don't write to me that should be, should not be, details can bear fruits, I myself say that if I am benefiting from having a name of something, then I will regret not saying it to someone who is not suffering any loss. this is all  By happening, he will say that we become that, there is a stupid discussion in it, if there are fifty comments like this in it, then someone 's value is his match, I do not want this, this is wrong, this should happen, should happen or should not happen and the meaning is done.  So what can be done and what will be its effect. If you can discuss it then I will be very very great thank you.