Hello friends, today we will crush a common belief system of Indian women. We will crush a common belief system of Indian women. It will bring peace in the family. Husband will benefit, wife will benefit. Women will benefit. Society will benefit. Do watch this video till the end.  It would seem that women are being addressed but it is more important for men too, so if you are a man listening to this and you are married or about to get married then definitely check it out.  If you are a parent then send your children - boys and girls, many sons and sons-in-law, if everyone is fine, then what is this belief system? Of course I come to the comment section, I also come to WhatsApp tours saying that there is a belly system, I have sacrificed my career.  Did this for the children, we will break it today, okay, for the children, for the family, for the marriage, this is a loser loser loser loser mini system, I will tell him, the first thing is that when you say this word to him, I sacrificed it, it means that the value of what you got in return is less and this is more, only then it will be called sacrifice if you give up something in life as if you have got the first one ticket, yours is confirmed, ok. Our take has been upgraded and you have left the second one or talk in the parlors of the ship. An air hostess came from the economy class and she said I do you want you to upgrade? Have you gone on this thing you go on small  Child and if you want to upgrade, first class is empty then what will you say that I sacrificed my economy class seat to go to first class. You will never say the word of sacrifice. Look, I make very subtle deep videos. The audience understands me.  But you have to see that this kind of content will be available on YouTube otherwise you have no parameter to compare it, this is a completely original thing, so whenever you remember in life, how much learning is happening. Whenever you use the word Sacrifice, it means that what you gave up was better and what you got was less good. Do you understand how Sacrifice would be said? I was sitting on a first class plane ticket and you were my friend.  My wife, my husband, my friend, any of my relatives wanted to sit with you, the air hostess did not upgrade you but was ready to degrade me, so I did my first class seat to sit with you, so world sacrifice there.  To understand  Now only when we will understand the sacrifice, the system will be crushed. Even those of you who are enjoying, please imagine. Write it down. Whenever a woman speaks like this, it means that the child born to her is not giving happiness to the one who is born to her.  She has got the title of Mamata's man, she has produced life from within herself, something so big which only women can do, God has chosen someone else, women can give birth to children and everyone else can do less than men can do.  If you can have more children, then understand this yourself, first of all, do not consider it a sacrifice, if it means giving up some time for stability in marriage, it is okay, do not sacrifice, you have a big family, you are 70 75  People will further reduce their age till the age of 20 years which is now in 2030. Life expectancy will increase and the body will also remain fine. So you don't mind this. I had studied about this thing, now that. relimit Rani, I have left it now, why should I do it again? Now I take a story forward, now some of these things will seem bad to women because I want to tell one thing, in some of my videos, I will look like I am a feminist, why am I a man?  They will say that why am I a toxic feminist? If women will say that then MCP is a mail chow nest pig, do n't include me in this category, my audience is listening to me, watch many videos, don't tell the impression from one video. Because to give a total clarity, things will have to be stated bluntly, now I will tell you bluntly, women these days statement is bringing less to you which table is the table of a marriage, you think of it, it is a table, if it brings food then money.  Lata Hai Koi Lata does some things, I am talking about the middle class, it is okay here and in the rich class, a different thing is going on in the class, it is okay, but I am not for everything.  You can tell, okay, and Tej, who is not producing children as much as she used to do 30, 40, 50 years, 20 years ago, 70, 80 years ago. Even if you know, you have done a big favor, okay, broom in the house.  Mopping utensils has been stopped in the middle class for so many years. Everything has power weight and I do n't know what I was doing for my desires, what have I missed, brother, if you are so talented.  If you were a lady, that talent does not evaporate even after having a child. First of all, I am addressing all the average people with my man, which is not suitable for 5% of the top and 5% of the bottom. It is okay, not so many, there are so many in your man. So you would have got a job and then if you get a government job, then child care leave, maternity leave, 6 months and 2 year old child's leave and casual leave.  Leave, Sikh Leave, Then Restricted Holiday, Closed Holiday, Diwali, Dussehra, Saturday Sunday, do you know that if the people go into the net, then they have given it, the government has said in other places also, everything is ok for women, things like maternity leave etc. are not that tight, but  If you have taken 1 year, 2 years, 3 years and even 4 years, then you mentally switch off that now, what will you have for food today? Its brand is mine.  Don't even think about it, those ladies are not even doing that, that's why I am saying that even today men are doing all their work, all the things which are less dirty, not cleaning the silver, collecting your garbage which comes in rickshaws, not in the society.  He comes, see, there is a man and a woman, there is a security guard who is standing, see how many men are there, how many are there in this kind of room, there is less than a mortuary, okay, whoever these dirty people are less, all those men do it. Brother, there are men sitting in the top positions but you go to the bottom, all the men are sitting at the bottom too. These men are doing less than masons by lifting bricks. Women don't get reservation everywhere, even in MP.  There should be half of the share. In politics, it should be like this, it should be like that, and so we will have to get out of this system so that we can get a creamy post, we can get some comfort, in today's time, the person who is grinding is grinding, there is no doubt about it.  is faster  And those who are working have their own problems, but the problems of those who sit at home are greater than those of those who work, because they do not have self-esteem issues. The women who are not working and stay at home, their life is about the mother-in-law.  Regarding worrying about children, this kind of thing happens, it does not progress the country anywhere and many women take pride in staying at home. If we are not there then the house will lapse.  It is not at all true and you have given birth to children and have grown them a little, now they get the taste of living at home. Once someone gets the taste of living at home, he cannot do it by going out because he feels that we have done this.  -Had worked hard for 8 years, two pregnancies, delivery of children of five-six years of age, it will take 8 years of hard work, now we will get pension and bread for the next 40 years and then tell the husband, tell the society and say that we liked the children very much. If you make sacrifices for  You have made this sacrifice, go, no meaning, okay, you cannot spend 40 years by asking for it, yes, having children is a great thing for you, no one else can do it, the man needs to help, the girl needs to help the man.  The girl's mother-in-law needs to help, the society needs to help, the bosses need to help, the employers, the organizations, the government, everyone, but this thing cannot be done by the brother sitting at home, the woman and many people in this too. I will make a video, many people who were doing the original job earlier, now want to enter the setting within the original degree, in between it will not be possible now, now you have reinvented the cell phone for 8 years, so what did you learn in the 8 years of having children?  You can teach to do, you can share some knowledge about it, you can start children's toys, you can start children's clothes, you can do anything, you can become an entrepreneur.  Because of what you were when you were 26, 27, 28, 29, now you are 37, 38, 39, 45, 39. What can you say about 39? It's okay, you are not the same in 40-41 years, your exposure has changed, so you can do something else, it is not necessary that  I had done B.Com as a child, I was working in a bank, now my exemption will have to be sacrificed, now I am working there again, so hey brother, do something else, do n't do less than this.  Not an option, what to reduce, do anything, no, I don't understand anything, hey, do anything for those who don't understand, below is my link, you can take platinum membership through either app or platinum.  Membership webinars will come in future, not only for women, but for all women, I will give history, I will give time table, it will be applicable only for cities and big cities, not for villages and towns, because the audience base is  It has increased, many people say that even though we know about that place, I do n't know the syllabus of that place. It's okay, but definitely something can be done there, but as far as I know the syllabus, whatever is within my syllabus, I will tell you that thing in a practical way.  I will tell you well samjhaunga, this is inside me, I know that a woman who sits at home does not reduce this source of distress, you are the society, if you do not like your mother-in-law very much, then find a way out for 8 hours, 8 hours at night.  The whole world lets everyone sleep at night, it's not the world at 2:00 am, so why do you have to play mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, those who are living together and those who are not together, the maid comes to your house, she has children and I will tell you such ideas that your Children, even a four year old child will help you, Han Ji, there is such a history that even a three year old child will help you, then will it be fun or will you still have to cry, who will look after the children, who will look after the husband, the husband said.  this is home this is this  Who said this? Only in India, women do not work less. Rest in Pakistan, more women are working. India, at least from neighboring origin, win in the competition. Now the data has been taken out, in Bangladesh, our 19% do less, this 19% does.  Even in India, 90% of us are from lower class. If you look at the middle class, it does not reduce by 5%. Female work participation in America is almost close to 50%, then look there, here children.  Then you don't get it like this, oh you are such a good child, you are studying today, I am talking to all the women, don't take it but if you get shocked, you are so good, you turn around, then why don't our Indian women get gold medals, India's New Zealand takes the gold medal along with it.  The population of Najafgarh and Dwarka is equal to that of New Zealand. Najafgarh, Dwarka and Rohini have the same population as Delhi. It seems like we can name three names of Delhi and this is our 140 crore country where women stay at home and take care of their children.  She has turned the tables very well, takes good care of her health, so why don't gold medals come here, here goes a gold medal, hangs it to the praise of the entire public, she is being respected, what is it, make a fool of her?  It is okay that we do not get gold medals, but do not say that something great is happening, okay, many people say this to me, where women are reduced, children get spoiled and become anti-social elements.  If they become a criminal, then today I am telling you that research has been done on this also, where the father is missing, more criminals are made in the lower class, it is the missing father due to which the criminals become criminals, mother has no role in making them criminals and neither  In making all the criminals, she used to help those who commit genius crimes, whatever big cases have happened, that Delhi case was yours and she was the mother of all and she nurtured everyone with love, okay?  Even when you do research, this one too is nothing. People feel that they will try to reduce it. So many ridiculous comments come. If we allow women to reduce it, they will have an affair in the office. There is consultation, there is alumni consultation, which is sitting at home, then they  Those who go to office, they have affairs where 150 people are coming to [ __ ] and the woman who is sitting alone at home will not have any change, meaning, then how will she leave her man and come, such a poor thought, Rakhi.  There are many taboos in which we force ourselves to say that it is okay for men too and women are also enjoying it by thinking that I will stay in the real world, I will stay at home, I will not go out anywhere, and then  I will just struggle and can't earn four paisa. Take some confidence. Selfie stick. Don't know how to drive. Don't know how to pay money in the bank. Don't know how to meet anyone. And only money is worth the money. Because that husband gives money to everyone. How does she play out power politics? What is the husband's main role in making money in the house? The wife is not able to earn money. Wives do not know how to make them slip. The biggest way of men is to make you a bastard because you are less.  If you do this, then slavery cannot happen to you and this house in which you sit, many serials, movies, articles, social media have also tried to give it respect. An attempt has been made to give it respect. Housewife, I am a housewife, I am a home maker, the one who does all the work outside is a home breaker, you home maker are very special, many people will say that there are many of my videos, then people say that call me female, tell me to me, the desi ways of Indian society.  I am telling you what is going on. My thought process is not borrowed from any West Indian. These are the people who follow Indian values ​​and do not know about Indian values. Women have fought even more in India today.  Din is a fighter pilot and has also been flying fighter planes, but she used to fight earlier too. If you go to Ramayana, then KK ji has gone to fight with Dashrath Singh, who has also studied Ramayana, so it is okay, so there is nothing like that, women are less. In between, there came a time of 800 years when the country was a slave, but even before that, she used to go out and now by the grace of God, it is a free country, a prosperous country, a progressive country, a good country and to become better. Our daughters-in-law will have to come out to do the work, many people will say that they will take the work of men like you, there are many men like men who do not do what women do, we are not going to take the job of cleaning men's clothes, neither is that man who is less.  They do so many, they are the takers, they have less of their own, which men don't do, have you seen any man till date, master of nursery class, have you seen any man in nursery A and D school, that Rohit ji came, Mohit ji Amit.  Yes, have you ever seen that many things are taught only for women and those women do less good than men but can do some less and even very good and if they can do less then this is a very wrong notion. I have been in Gujarat, all the women make less, I have also been in Kerala, all the women make less, making papad at home, drying it on the terrace and selling it is less, the money you get is as much as Amul's milk is regulated, it has  90% contribution is from women, so it is not possible that if these women come to reduce it, they will eat the men, it is not so, let the best person get the job, what is a man in this, what is a man to do with a woman, what is the gender of a woman and not what she is.  It also has to do with gender, it is only a husband-wife relationship, it does not belong to anyone else, boss, employee's parent and child's brother-sister cannot have that relationship. Do you know which relationship I am talking about? Relationship is only a husband-wife Indore bedroom relationship, after that one is a human being, you do not have to focus on his reproductive organs, he is a human being, she can be a woman too, he can be a man too, she is the best for the job, she is honest. This man and woman can do it properly in everything, she will eat the men, she will eat this, this is very wrong and small thinking and I will give women as much as I can in my control, you have also increased the subscription a bit, so first  If the influence was this much, then some influence is increasing. Tomorrow if you people want, it will increase further. I would like to bring this in the society that if women sit at home, then you should feel ashamed. Now we will keep discussing what to do.  Let me sit with my husband and let's discuss, you discuss what needs to be reduced, small is less, big is less, very big is less, what is less, that will definitely be discussed, but first do this with the sticks, those whom I was able to encourage, those women, and as much as possible.  Men also heard this video, those whom I was able to do, please write yes, here I am not actually motivating, here I want to humiliate you in a way, if you are a 40 year old woman, the child is 12-14 years old, the other is 10 years old and  You sit at home and do nothing by questioning them and worry about India's GDP. So, if you have a daughter, then what are you teaching her? She too, like you, has given birth to children at home.  If you have to raise children, then leave the boy alone. Just because the boy has less to do, why do girls study so that they can educate their children? If that is all they have, then why spend money on education? Which lady are you, the one who is in 11th standard?  You can teach a child in 12th class, tell him that you are so educated, you teach him integration trigonometry, you cannot teach a class, if you teach till 678, then ask him how much will you do and he  After completing 12th, you will go to college, then what to do if you are 45 years old and your children are yours, if you go out of college, then what is your plan from 45 to 75? Then I will play with them in their marriages, many marriages, son-in-law, marriage, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, son-in-law, why will they play all this?  You are doing this because of the society, a lady's energy is not being utilized, she keeps running after the medical by worrying and worrying and worrying and cleaning, don't do it from under the bed, it is not there.  Do it, remove the curtains, do this, this is less for you, this is less, there is so much energy, there is so much energy, then sweep and mop yourself, Sharif, it will be fine, it will save your money, I keep saying that if everyone in the house does less, then you will do the tax of Rs 10,000, Rs 10,000.  You are a man, you were Papa's angel, you studied, you wore a lot of suits and boots, good beauty, everything about you, personality, bullying, then you sat at home, why are you sitting at home, stay at home.  A lot of money can be earned even while sitting. Instant relationship, husband, okay, I am history, now I am a man or a woman, it can be reduced, money can be earned, this is what I want to tell you, in this very idea, increase the moral of me and each other.  The environment increases, we do not motivate, but motivating is nonsense, okay, the moral increases, the passion increases, we move towards clarity, we talk about practical things, we see that I know how to help you and we see that you can help me.  If you can increase my moral, then I will definitely come up with such content from the web and then I can answer your questions in it. Hey ladies, you know how to tie a century, that can also be monetized. Tying a century, tying a century is a big game for the left hand. Hey, you have to play for the 22 year old girl who is coming now, if she is in the office at 23 years or 24 years, then she will get a century.  If you wear it to get a position, then why won't she pay for it? You have to get it done, those who want to learn, join me, I will mix both of them together, adopt each other, tell me an example. What is less small, what does it mean that there is less shame, women have one and a half thousand things like this, one and a half thousand things are being monitored by monitors, they are doing direct consultation with me, now my man does not do that one by one.  I should catch hold of the lady and explain to her that she should pay me the consultation fee and then I will give her the knowledge and then she will do something. Now I want to paste out more to the people so I want you to reach out so that everyone will know quickly in 1 hour whatever I say.  If one person listens then it will benefit one person, if 100 listen then it will benefit 100 and if 10,000 listen then it will benefit him. It is not like if I tell 500 women then they will have a conflict among themselves.  There is competition, people live in different cities, people live in different locations of different cities, if there were different societies in different locations, it would be great, the population in India can do so much, I request with folded hands, as many as possible.  Men are looking at me and telling their wives, please do something, please do something, no, for how long, the children will be educated, they will not be able to have children, how will the children do this, how will the children do this, don't do this too much, because the children are also great.  Your relatives are not doing it, catch hold of what the child is doing, he did 12th yesterday also, what is he doing, he is roaming like this, that too a 22 to 30 year old, he is also roaming like this, he is being fooled, what is he doing?  I am preparing, I am preparing for this, I am preparing for that, for how long I will do it, I will keep doing it, as long as life is fine, as long as life is there, you are doing everything like this, so for those children, I hope you understand please.  share a little  It does n't matter if the video becomes long but it is very important to convey a larger message. Thank you.