Hello friends, the festival of Rakshabandhan is coming, beyond that I am going to tell a very good thing to the society. If you understand, then tell me the fun. You should understand more, anyway, it is fine, whatever you do, write in the comment section, what do you do in Rakshabandhan, sisters and brothers? What do sisters need, they need love from family, they just need love, okay and brother gives her a gift of 100 200 500 1100 2000 depending on Shraddha.  He gives it to her and she ties Rakhi to it. This relationship is going on. I want to say that now from 2024 no gifts should be given to brothers. What are you saying that gifts should be given, don't give any gifts, no, but that sister has come with love.  Guru ji has come to give Rakhi, what nonsense are you talking, not our values, brother should speak directly, sister, you will get 50% share in the property of your parents, you will definitely get this, whether you give it or not, this is your brother's promise now.  tell brothers  If brothers in India will start saying from now on, ' No, but then who will take care of the parents, tell them to take care of the parents, keep this property separately or keep a separate share of yours or take the responsibility of taking care of them.  We will halve the fees that we earn, brother. Look, this channel is not for the poor people anyway. I have to say this because the audience is middle class parents, middle class people in Delhi who save five rupees on vegetables and travel in rickshaw. Do  They travel in the metro, get free electricity, get free water, go to local clinics, but also live on a floor worth Rs 510 crores, which has happened in so many years, so if they have anything worth Rs 10 crores, then it is to serve their parents. In providing attendants, in giving medicines, in defraying hospital expenses, in missing opportunity costs, and in causing a problem, take two crore rupees and charge her, out of 8 crores, 4 crores will be given to the two sisters, if she agrees.  Lo, she did not come to serve, and even if she came, then how are these services costing thousands of rupees, the parents are being very cunning, where there is a daughter and a son, they do not tell the parents and the daughter-in-law that this is our daughter's good home.  I am married, my son-in-law earns a lot, the in- laws house is very rich, what benefit is your daughter getting from it? No, there is no benefit at all, what status does she have there? What  I have not given it to my son, but what will I give to my daughter-in-law? Where will she spend the money? Women are becoming so stupid that they neither get anything from their parents nor from their in-laws, and this is a video for the benefit of men.  I am making you think that giving a share to your wife or your sister or giving her dues, doing what is hers is good for Mercury. I am also an astrologer, I understand religion, I understand values, I understand customs. I am telling you that earlier you were like Haryana.  The land itself was the land, it belonged to the village, it belonged to the village gotra, now the land belonged to the gotra and how to adjust in the village, but wheat was grown on that land, buffaloes gave milk, there was ghee, when a girl came, her mother used to bind it.  That brother, these are your clothes, this is your ghee, take 10-20 kg and this will also give some flour, this will give his milk, some of it was tied, good dish but over a period of time people.  Don't stay in village and now the property is a flat or a shop or a plot in city it judge got nothing to do with surname the technical of it I agree there is a technique technical can be given there also but there is a stereotype  Call it Pana or technical call brother, is this the village of this group or has he got married there, it could be technical teasing but the program of the village is over, is n't it?  Give the vote of the majority of the population of the village, adjust it somewhere else, if no one is sitting in the village with such 10000 forts, then anyway you will get 10 10 20. If it belongs to someone, it will be there, otherwise it is other wise and flat, adjust it in that, adjust it in the shop.  Tax on plot, tax on cash, tax on FD, tax on gold can be adjusted in any way if there is intention to give and I am not even saying here that  5050 of exactly the weight, sometimes boys are not able to do it, but if you give me one good thing, then it's Rakshabandhan, how long will you keep your sister in one kg sweets, sister-in-law, sister-in-law has brought a suit, then bring a suit, hey, they have become old, we have seen.  At that time, there was no money in the land, we had given rice, we were maternal uncles, we had done it in his wedding, so here I am, not from 1980, 60, 70, 90. I am doing it, I am saying.  Set a cut off. Those who have not yet got married, those who have just got married, those who have children till now, at least put someone who is 202 years old, otherwise this is a racket, it will never break, it will never be found, not a woman, according to the law. What is the law as per the law, if a girl wants her rights, then that poor girl should go to Kot, is n't this logic good son, the girl is poor, she is earning at a good place and is in a good family too, so you have to see, have you son?  was educated in a bad school  And did you educate your daughter in a good school or was the child a boy, was he not useless? If yours was not lazy, then no, we will make him equal, he will not stay with us, he will not give him more, he will serve us, no, his daughter-in-law will do it, the parents who are there today.  Na, those who are listening to me now in their late 40s and 50s, just accept it, then you have to see that only the doctor and your money will take care of you, the children cannot take care, the economic cycle has become like this, they do not have time, so if the children will not take care.  Daughter  She will not take care. What is the point of taking care? The doctor has arranged on the phone, admitted you, got your procedure done, rest of the procedure has to be done by him and the long term attendant will take care of the one who has to take care. Your money will be useful to you. Whose first time is it?  Apart from this, another video of mine is also due, it will also change the society a lot, especially the way India needs to now prepare for old age because it is going to strike in 15.  20 Years in a Big Way End If you don't start thinking today, it won't happen, but start giving rights to daughters, daughters will do very well, I am also telling the parents who praise their sons, there is something in the hands of the son.  Not only this, you are not going to make your son drink even a single cup of tea, no, you are the daughter-in-law, will you look for shelter for him too? She is someone else's daughter, she did not get anything from there, you too are not going to give anything, no, but if she gets it then it is right, but your son will not get it. He will get more son Not giving anything but indirectly if you get it then indirectly she will help you. See check yourself first. If you are poor then this video is not for you. If you have a property worth Rs. 1 lakh or Rs. 10 lakhs.  If you have FD, then again this is not for the people above one level that brother, try yourself, call, talk about whether yes you will also get it, pumpkin will be cut, it will be distributed among all, call everyone, talk to everyone, yes, say brother who?  Namaste, he will do good, speak simply, this one will get equal amount and this is a discretionary fund, which will sycophant us more, who will give us feeling, if he will serve us, then he will get this, grandson can do it, granddaughter can do it, washerman can do it, dhoti can do it.  Nawad can do it, daughter-in-law can do it, son can do it, anyone can do it, whoever comes to us on our birthdays, who will come to our birthdays, Sita Sita, why don't the elders say that brother, these three  The parts are these three parts, this and this are equal, you turn out to be cunning, this is the duty of being our parents, we have made it equal, this is discretionary, you can loot it, you serve us and then tell us, and then if no one comes in this too, then accept it as okay.  We are satisfied with this much, this too will be eaten and distributed, so brother, sell yourself, sell your servants, do the rest of the things, don't depend on him and mark this thing as yours, so I have seen that relationships are very good.  kind of right  It is possible that I am doing very right in the consultation, yes, I do it for money, not for free, consultation is done for money, but even after taking money, I have a lot of satisfaction that I am able to do a work which is not possible in the court.  It is possible that there will be a fight somewhere because where should the daughter go to the court, it is wrong for the daughter to go to the court, she should come and consult her parents in August, she should not go so soon and the parents also have to worry about your daughter going to your court. What is left to take the money, especially when the father leaves, mother, daughter-in-law, okay, the reverse is also happening at many places, I would like to tell you that because all the things happen in the society, Guruji, everyone sees that the reverse also happens.  The mother is only giving it to the daughter and not to the son because till the time of father, the matter was different but father is gone, now mother does not get along with her daughter-in-law, so how to teach her a lesson, there is only one way to teach her a lesson. way that  Brother, I will transfer this property from there to here, if I give more to my daughter, then daughters are also getting it, but here sisters and brothers have to stand because your relationship is original, sister has to say, mom, if you do not get along with my sister-in-law, then brother.  It doesn't matter what sins she has committed and bring her sister-in-law on board too that even if she bows down a bit, what can she do, will she get anything by sitting with so much money, otherwise these things are very important in our society.  I am saying that people are nervous and shy while talking about them, you tell me this, I want to ask that daughter who is getting Rs. 44 more and she is silent, then your brother will live for many years with you, not just two to three years in a year. Mother will go down, what will you do by spoiling your relationship with her, in this changing world, there is no guarantee here, that sister is not guaranteed with her husband, what will happen next and you have spoiled the relationship with your brother, siblings.  So it is forever, there is divorce between husband and wife, there is no divorce among siblings, brother is brother, sister is sister, brother is brother, meaning brother is brother, sister is sister, sister is brother, whatever you do, where will you go without spoiling the relationship with her, then it is right.  The original relationship and I have seen that brothers, sisters and parents are responsible for 80 if not 100 cases of fighting among siblings. They are responsible for 80 out of 100 cases. In their greed, they do not want to solve that problem. Golam Bhai, do it after us. Brother, don't do it to us, we are not seen. Fight later, cut us down, not us, I am telling you such words, these are not my own words, they are resolved only.  Don't want to do it, issue can be done, he only has the authority, all are confused, one NRI has gone out, one government officer is roaming outside, another one is nearby, all this is to the neighbor.  He is doing it. Hey, I am saying that if he is doing it, then it will cost it. If there is a property worth Rs 5 crores, two and a half rupees should be bought, then if you do it then take the extra Rs 50 lakhs and divide it among the three. You are all in the trouble of that 50 lakhs. Why are you taking his full two and a half meals, this is what I am saying, how much did you treat whom, what kind of service did you do, made you drink tea in the morning, made you drink tea in the evening, gave you two square meals, this is all the old man eats, okay two clothes It was washed in the washing machine and Vimla Kamla someone came, meaning she is your maid, she dried it, you put it in a little, you want to take this much multi bagger return, you mean by charging Rs 5 lakh, I am saying take Rs 50 lakh. Take 50 lakhs from 10 bags. After spending 5 lakhs, 10 rotis are made for you, which are enough for two elderly people. You will have to recover this much price from your sibling. So today I wanted to tell you this on this auspicious occasion.  He has come to the festival, do these things according to Superfish, is n't anyone coming going to talk about this, does he also get chills of embarrassment, I know that even without watching the whole video, people will come in the comment section, what about Dr, if sister sees it?  If we only look at our parents, we have given the answer, brother, today Guru ji has given us, sister, don't even look back, she was your sister because you will take away her rights in this birth, then you will have to come again as something here.  By doing this, you will not get salvation again in your life, you will give her your right, she will be happy, you will get 10 times, you will get 10 times, I am also telling you that your mercury will get better, your life will get better, otherwise many people die due to skin disease due to this.  Like those who kill the rights of their sisters so openly, see what to do with 'Chavanni Athanni', ' Chavanni Athanni' goes up or down in 00, ' R' goes up and down in '00', it doesn't matter, I have kept it.  Kept saying that sister, I am doing it, I will not take it if I don't, she will not let me live, she has not got anything, she will cry more and she is close, so this is how they do it, they give it to the great daughter-in-law at 5, the stems are big.  Served because even if that service was monetized, you would have got less money. Brother, there is also a paid nurse. Her salary is not Rs 25 lakh per month, so I am asking her to break it into 10.  Even then there is greed in the matter, yes, there is greed, the parents are in their 80s and the rest, if the brother's intentions are bad or in many cases the sister's intentions are also bad, then that is again an issue of parenting, in that again the parents will be indirectly blamed, then my  The formula is straight in life, it is always the elder who is wrong, so remember in life, the elder has to have a big heart, the elder can be wrong, the younger is whatever, this is the law of the law, if we accept this, then our things will  She will not get well but the younger one has no duty. First the elder one should fulfill all the duties. The younger one has to do something, he will do it, he is not doing it, but the duties will increase easily and it can be easily divided 50-50 if the intention is there.  It is not bad and where it is not there, experts like us come and tell us that brother, we have to prepare it like this, there is pineapple, there is apple, there are grapes, there are oranges, now how to distribute it, all are different, so I also said like this. Make the juice of pomegranate and pineapple and the juice of seasonal fruits and divide it in half. Now if you cannot add banana then it will not be like drinking. We will calculate the preparation separately. We will cut it in half separately. So we can tell that these things are  Sell ​​this, you take this, you take this, sell this, you got this much money by selling it, look at what you got for this much money, there is a difference of 20 lakhs between what you got and what this person got, you are supposed to pay him equal to him Liquidate it, adjust it with this cash, it is adjusted, but Jahan has thought of playing the game, he has thought of giving crores of rupees to the lawyers, if he will give the case to the lawyers, brother, the lawyers are going to become rich, lawyer profession or I feel it.  It is going to do very good in the times to come because there are going to be a lot of conflicts, they can be resolved but like us, they can be resolved only when both the parties have the intention to resolve, we are technical.  We have expertise in making things equal, we do not have expertise in persuading. If someone has bad intentions and does not want to come, then the matter will go to court. The role of people like us comes when both the parties are confused. What to do, how to do and wants a third party neutral opinion to go about the distribution, where Kamat ji was, when the distribution of Ambani brothers happened, it was a stage.  But before they wanted to do it, they were fighting, then they were fighting, after that when they thought that we can settle, then someone like us came and he divided them, when it was decided that yes, divide, now it is enough.  Okay, so keep this thing in mind, spread this message, thank you very much.