Hello friends, IAS UPSC is a game which is gambling, what should the loser gamblers do, this is going to be an interesting topic, you have to print awareness to all the people in the society, those who are preparing, father, mother, whose children are preparing, children, their mother, give complete clarity.  The middle class is facing a lot of pain. Now the results have come. Everyone does the clippings of those who got selected and no one prepares those who did not get lakhs. Have to prepare children too.  To handle failure success, many are ready to become a father and for clipping to happen, a healer and clarity- giving person is needed in the society. I want to play that role. Stay connected till the end. There are five sub-topics. The first is why you join. Want to do this, this is a big dilemma and problem. There are two problems, who is running this competition, who is fanning it, that will be the second one, the third one is a very wrong thing that is happening, ad society, we should stop it immediately.  We have to close it and the images have to be implemented. The fourth thing is that no one tells the story after the selection. They are behind only till the selection, even after that no one tells that. I will be able to tell, I will tell after the selection that he will be my fourth and fifth.  What is to be done? After knowing all this, what is to be done, then stay connected till the end. It is very interesting and even if you work in the court, you will hear why do you want to join, questions are also asked and people are very stylish.  Even after asking the question, do you want to join, yes do you want to become a bureaucrat, the first question is answered, yes, we want to serve the country, so the country we serve, the housewife who makes a good citizen by raising two children at home, is also serving.  Even a sweeper is doing service. Every good citizen of India is serving the country. Whatever taxes are paid, all the taxpayers are also serving the country. So, it cannot be about serving or just for serving.  you your  For the last 10 years, 12 years, he has been ready to serve in such a way that there is no need to become anything to serve, you can tighten the service today itself, turn on any news, do anything as per your wish, then this cannot be a reason. Second is that we want to change the country, this is the biggest misconception. IS does not change the country, nothing changes. It takes a lot of time to change the wrestling of its office because the system built in it is such that it is difficult to change the chair.  It also kills who changes the country. Only two people change the country. Two types of people change the country. Both are disgusted. Changing for the good and changing for the bad. That too can be a topic of discussion. But only two people change the country. There is only one politician who changes the week.  Who is in power, foreign country can change, other country can change, businessman, these two people change the country, America is not created by bureaucrats, America which is today has been created by Steve Jobs of Apple, it has been created by salt, it has been created by Warren Buffett.  The owner of Amazon  Bigg Boss has made the people there, returned to America this end of course June, has been the President of June, the political will power is not spoken of anywhere in the world, in our country it is said that you will change, you will not be able to change anything.  It takes a lot of time to change the face of your office, only when it is created, it is known, it is not told, this is also Reason, the third one, who is actually called Reason, was not spoken on camera till then, Power, Power Grid is called Power in Hindi.  to speak  So Chaudharahat Chaudharahat, how many people do you understand, tell me, if there is power, there is no tower, the red light has also been taken, the power is also being taken slowly and it is being done very well. Sometime a separate video will be made on how Israeli power.  IS is being taken, there used to be top empaneled people on different posts, it is all time low in this dispensation, the air is being tightened, the Prime Minister is going on this route, he even spoke in the Parliament. Babu Babu is asked whether he has his opinion, okay then there will be no such big power, if any IAS officer said something like this, then you tell me, it is my clarity in the second one, the fourth name is yes, the name should be father's name.  Gone are the boys and girls, the name has become IS, it is temporary but if it was such a big name then I want to ask you, the biggest post of IS would have been Cabinet Secretary of India. What is its name? President Cabinet.  Secretary, post it in the comment section without going to Google and tell how many you have till date and if you remember anyone's name till date, please tell me. I remember the name of Tension ji and he also did not become famous because he was the Cabinet Secretary of India.  Those who take only 428 months should become famous because of the work they did after becoming the Chief Election Commissioner, their name should be known for that thing. Adviser whether any cabinet secretary has done any unique work or do you know their name?  So you tell me about the front, tell me about the previous one, it remained for four years, it was a big tan for 4 years and was normal, it was resolved in 1008 months, 10 minutes, year-two years, what was the name of the previous one, what was his name for four years, please tell me.  So this doesn't even have a very big name, this is also a pack, now the question comes, second is that all this is like this and is such a direct lecher-poacher type, then who is offering this, who is the one offering this? Firstly, gym, old, marriage market, old.  Age market is second and the society has done its best. Third is the people who are going to vote today. These are the different coachings which are being given. This is also available on YouTube and social media platforms. This is the reality. You are from Bhilai Nagar Mukherjee Nagar Delhi and many more.  These people have put up a lot and you have put up a lot more that IS is a very big thing, you will see the ad, I want to tell and explain to you through the ad, Badi, which is an ad, like Modi ji is standing and another DC who is of that time.  returning  The officer is in charge of the election, that meeting is where the nominations are being held, for this very day, I had to become an IAS and in the background, there is a very good music, rock music, it makes things worse, hey, you tell me, Modi ji, this idea is sold to the court as an injection.  If a nurse was appointed then it was not written that the nurse had to be hired for this very day, she must have stitched some clothes of Modi ji, then by putting his photo, no one is saying that I should make a tailor for this very day, I am fine to give him some food too. He must have been fed, he would have written that make him a cook for this day, someone must have cut his hair too, then it was not taken anywhere that it was not for this day that I had to be the one to cut Modi ji's hair, so this is the equivalent of that.  Don't force her, people have put her on it. Second, if you see, then believe me, the music that will save her is that a female officer will come down, she will be wearing a nice saree, it means she must be rock type and she will be walking fast, she is also running fast in this. Back  The government is running and then that motivational video is playing in it. Hey Bhrigu, she was getting late for the meeting, is there any problem in that, it is not so much, things can melt like this, I have come home after getting the children ready for school, that's the end.  Like normal ladies, they are running 5 minutes late, okay, there is no need to show them any pad, it is very easy to impress the children these days, this is what I am making.  I am making it for the parents to give you clarity and keep it very airy and why it is easy to airy, it is easy because this is a profession, we know what is happening in it Dr. Redmi Y2 that  We meet doctors, we know how much status the doctors have, how much money they earn, how many ads they don't have, how unhappy they are, how much hard work they have to do because there is interaction with teachers, there is interaction with lecturers, many professions were chartered.  You people see Accounted Lawyer but meeting a normal IS is not like meeting him, he has his own world going on, any story of his world can be told because you neither go and meet him nor ask him, nor does he come nor does anyone come and tell you.  If you told what is happening with me, then Joe and you are one, he is from the colonial time and today he does not conduct practical anywhere but this is the own business of many people, there is such a big market, 10 lakh children are appearing for the exam.  Let's say that there are 25000 coaching institutes, so one of them has become very big and has been built by those people. The third thing which is wrong is what I wanted to tell, now the selection has come, 761 children have been born. This portrait of Bhumra children is very popular on WhatsApp. My Caste's My Community Create 432 Someone's point to Someone's someone will be a Brahmin, someone will be a Jat, someone will be this, someone will be that, someone will be anything, people are forcefully taking a sense of pride in it.  We are forcefully trying to do Sense of Pride on WhatsApp group, we will capture you, now it is our time brother, there is no power, the light has gone out, many things have gone out, the red light has been removed, the rest of the chicks have been removed, many things have gone out forcefully to forward this. Stop that the boy from Haryana who will become your District Collector, on whom you yourself have been, will become from that place, will become from Gonda, will become from Basti, okay, will become from Munger, he will have nothing to do with you if  If you want to be this much, then talk to the Tehsildar of your neighborhood, talk to the Patwari, about the things around you, he is probably your Khwaja, okay, this is not going to be of any use, so don't keep it so high, these days, it is from the child also and those who are doing this thing.  But after getting selected, I don't know what I will get. Hriday, get into it, then after that, disappointment on the delay in setup, that is my fourth point of the story. After the selection, you became an IAS, now if you have become then which Khan's quarter did you get?  From what state there are many districts in India, now the judge of Dantewada will come, first of all, what do people think that this is a DC post which lasts one year, one and a half year, two years in a career of 3540 years and if some scandal happens in your district, then you have to get a taste of it for 6 months and  Even in that he bursts every second, it is a different matter how stretchy it is, that is a different matter, after showing the photo to that one and a half to two year old, you yourself are playing the game of ISIS. Editor of End of the Day, you are in an office. You don't have that much creativity if you enter a state capital or if you go to a poor state which is considered to have no taste, then you go to 19 tests, then you do it for Delhi decoration, you do n't get depression for 5 years.  If yes, then first of all the card goes against you and you will be selected. Next, I will tell you Maithili in the glass of water. You will be selected. Now you did not get good tax, you got North East, you do not want to go. He is from Tirupur in Tripura. Look at all the people from Manipur and those from this side, how they want to get rid of them, then comes the inter-order for marriage, the best marriage, brother, I have got this, you have got the hardcore good one, I want only Rajasthan and Haryana.  I get married, this is the work, there is no one even after that marriage, because if both of you are requested, then you are one thing at one place, and one thing is at another place, you are not even found here, then there would be lines from the poem of Kumar Vishwas that with you  away how am i  How far away are you from me, does your heart understand or does my heart understand? The hearts of both of you have the capacity. The rest of the world is that brothers, both of them are from IS and there are lies in their statements too. Too much blood, that too of a factory life, this life of the society.  I am telling you the truth, I am not doing anything special, do not motivate or demotivate her, you are also getting the job, whether it is a boy or a girl, show her the full mirror, show everyone courage, do not show the trailer like these four good breasts in the movie, what about the rest of the movie, show the whole picture.  Neither do they say that you are a female officer in IS, nor that your husband is also the same because now you will not marry someone lower than me, so who will you marry in IS section of female officers? You should marry anyone, whoever you want to marry must be of this level.  If it is of your level, then the struggle increases further, then who will compromise in it, who will take study leave, who will take child care leave, who will take their end leave, who will take casual leave, who will leave their discipline and go for something else.  Who should go and sit in Chandigarh, who should sit in Delhi, who should sit in Raipur and who should sit in Lucknow and do their work quietly while sitting there, who should sacrifice, who should do a lot of claim settlement, I get questions about this, that is why I do not have videos of a helpline during this period.  I keep telling whatever is happening in real life by doing different work because what is the problem of making videos today, many people are in the mode, they are like us and potatoes for many people, fifth point. Is this a gamble? People are working hard and clipping it. This video of mine will be seen by two, three, four, five thousand people, but if you make a video, the rickshaw puller's daughter cleared IAS, it will get 2 lakh 2 lakh 20 lakh views.  It is her because she does the work and stories all by story. The newspaper seller's girl said that she did this. She used to open a newspaper agency but the media did not enjoy the agency.  the story is  It will be like that you often show the poverty of father and many people by going to their house and showing their photos. You can tell by looking at the background of the house that the person is actually very poor.  And the poor people are saying that if it is Banjara then that tissue is great it is no problem taking out activities, I am telling you that 10 lakh children have to fill the IS form from UPSC side.  Data will be available 10 11 2010 11 lakh and woke up that day only the fifth class whose mothers woke up, the remaining five did not even take place. Did you know this election was held that 5 lakh people do not even know the amount of data that is there. Always round up and check, every year 10 11 lakh 10 11 lakh forms are filled and only 5 lakh 500 go, who is this and who tells the world - they are preparing for this.  We do not forget that we are waiting for the groom, that we have to wait for three-four years now or we are waiting for some other job, then we do not tell this, but if the park is fine, then these are the people, otherwise you tell us whether you are  If you filled the form then why didn't you go to give the exam and if not then why did we fill it? It's okay, we ca n't kill all the sick people or kill 5 lakh people, it's stomach upset, it can't be so free, there could be third people coming in between for some reason.  5 for data app  Out of the lakhs of exams that are given, how many should clear the Mains? 10,000 are played for Mains. To clear the Prelims, it is 10,000 and 10,000. How many interviews were called? 2000 people, how many out of 2000, how many in this letter are 761, 761, how many are 180?  Around 200 IPS, rest of the details are down. 140 groups are not even on the group, so this one till 500, if you do n't do this much clipping of saffron, that IS, that means it is a group too, Sikh organization is also a holiday group, so you people should have this clarity and you see this competition.  That is how gambling is done because the toppers who are becoming second third fourth and their second third fourth aspirants are stuck in the virus, are working and giving exams due to the virus, this is very big.  One proposal of the country is time pass because once you learn that level, it becomes complete and then you never leave it. Even if you pass the prelims, sometimes it happens that you do not pass the prelims. Next time you try better, that is, till the time you become a topper.  If you did not believe the print, then there is no rule in this. If you are passing TV Prelims on consistent basis, then you can get selected. Anyone who has set the alarm, this making workshop is a big one of random reservation.  There is an element, I will make a video on it. If you talk about even ten percent of the cases, if you give at least one particular person within the upper caste, then in that story, it is the middle class who faces a lot of trouble that those who see father and son.  This is not a different time but this is that 50-60 crore people are very poor in property and they have ten-fifteen-twenty children, so you have become great, has the country improved, has it become great today?  First child, 20 years ago, Karisma Kapoor used to read books, he was the same person, now you get these lips, take ghee (ghee) from his knowledge and go ahead with his knowledge, coaching is not that expensive, it is that if you see, it is not that expensive even now.  So there is no need to play poor and America in this, so what do you have to do now, you can appear till thirty-two years, six if you are of general category, OBC non- creamy layer, then till 35 years.  You can give the exam only from 6th semester, if you are a tribal then you can see till 37th here and even if you have unlimited attempts then what should you do, because I am not telling this video to motivate anyone. I always make 90% for injustice and this one is my 99.9 pass. The two points are worth 1.2 cents even if I pass.  It's very good but if you are not passing then what are you doing, you lower your meter from 21. Exam wow exam 2030 exam is not a festival, so there is no need to become that and King Robert because he was trapped in K and let him out.  Had to leave, try again after listening to the story of spider, if you try it again, then you have to do the pictures, you forget the job, this is the business of IAS coaching.  If you leave the business then you are a lost gambler and the lost gambler understands the game very well and can give good coaching to others. You marry one of your losers, okay, he has a good subject, you have to study Geography, you have given him Psychology.  Okay, join a good coaching institute and after that open your own casino. Loser gambler casino. Okay, casino house always wins because your shop will always run. Give IAS coaching.  If you have failed in IS, then if you have passed the relief then taking his certificate will be useful in future to show you are in the market, then you are IS, first of all, you train for years after this and there are fifty exams, they train for C.  Open your good shop because I believe in my power that by seeing the society clearly, I can drive out many ghosts, animals, dogs and all those things, but this ghost of IAS is difficult for people like me to drive out.  There must be a lot of effort, if you get a lot then it will take 10 to 12 years, minimum minimum is ok, its story is going very far down, what will happen in the larger scheme of things, transitory is very clear, the next video which I will make on reservation and on reservation.  I do n't think anyone has seen the clarity that I will give because people say two things whether reservation is good or bad and the third thing they don't understand is what could be the third thing.  So on that, if you want a video, you want a video on reservation in government jobs and on that I will tell you which jobs are the ones that should be done ultimately and who should not fill this exam at all, bypass it, bypass the totals like Utra and go towards your target. Can be a section of society which can just bypass the job and not even attempts to give the form. There is no need to even fill the form.  I would like to make it in a video, if you give likes to this video, Hello friends, then I will understand that you people want to hear this thing from such audience because the one who has 20 lakh likes in this video of mine will not increase the level in diploma in it. I have not heard that music.  No, do not increase your enthusiasm from within, this is me pouring cold water on a hot pan, it will not be the real fun, but the people who are listening till now, that is, they will go to clarity, so if you want clarity and friends, you can get me like this video.  You can pack and send it to your relatives where children are suffering due to exam blame. Favorite Don't know what to do, then I will make it on reservation, I will explain its maths to you people and you will get full HD quality. How did you like this video? Please share it with everyone.  Do it and write in the comment section, whether it is good or bad, whatever you think, write it. According to me, the GDP of the country is traveling a lot because people are playing this game by giving exams for Rs 10 lakhs.  This thing needs to be done within the country because everyone is playing the exam blame game. How many jobs are there, including 700 for Group B and IS, there are 180. 700 will be multiplied in the next 80 years. 56000 jobs will be provided to the students. This century of 30 years will end. And only 56000 jobs will be created and how many of my children are coming to the market which is the finger of NITI Aayog, how many are coming every month 10  Lakh 10 lakh children are coming to the market every month and these are the jobs P Salve 56001 Just look at this I slap thank you very much