Hello friends, this is a very important video to show to your parents, all the senior citizens have to watch it and the youngsters who watch it have to understand it and discuss it with the parents over tea and the things said through this video should be used as a template for discussion and without points.  You have to use this and discuss because perhaps you may not be having the courage to directly talk about this with your parents, as I have been able to understand in my consultation, children are not able to talk at all due to shyness. This is the reason why parents are driving in auto like this. The topic for discussion will be 'What kind of acid do you want to limit for your next generation? So for the older generation, what kind of acid should you give to your next generation? Have you thought about this?  Just thought that after us, it's all yours, it's all yours, so the quality of all this has been analyzed and why it has not been done, there is a discussion on it, there are many interesting topics, I bring such topics, you can meet them on YouTube.  If yes, then tell me that yes, Bhabhi, let's meet, according to me, you don't meet anywhere because this is a completely original thought process of stomach concentration which I am bringing for you people, first understand the problem. What is the problem? The problem is that the older generation is not in this setting.  On older acids, it is possible that those acids may be inherited by them or they may have been created sometime 30, 40, 50 years ago and their story has been left and  Now the generation is not ready to restructure their assets. Because of that, if I tell you the solution and also tell you the problem, I will also tell you the reason for the problem and tell you the solution. You have to discuss in a prepared template, family.  The work is to increase the bonding so that even the parents do not get irritated and the children also get the courage to fire the gun from the pilot by placing it on his shoulder and becoming an activist and not a warrior. You are not firing a gun at the Great World to make your older generation understand that this is one thing, what kind of discussion is this and please like and comment on such videos only then you get energy, respect, views that I have nothing to do with it, I am the viewers.  Google does n't give ads, I don't tell anyone, I have a marketing budget, but brother, as many as you are listening, tell me how do you like it. Okay, so if the parents inherited something or made something their own, then it is their property.  The place in which he himself lives is getting old, it would not be right to uproot him from there that I too might not like him, although that too can be thought of if he is the primary parent, but I think this is a property challenge near Carol's periods, normal liquid. When you go to 6065 7075 Rafi's place in Soap World Class, you have something like a raita, there is a little first in different places, you are earning a rental income from it.  All of them are elderly people, so what is their biggest reason for not selling those properties and buying a new one? Firstly, their image status will stop being low in two-three days, then on whom will they be dependent, they do not want to be so, secondly, they feel that  I sold it, I do n't know, it is in my name, so now son, son, son-in-law, what will be the proposal of daughter-in-law to sell this, do n't know, look in the name, give me some property, do n't give me this big acid.  If you see it then I will do it with my hand  Will the control go away or it will not only be me but will they put me in the property brother it will be built in 4 5 6 years till then we will be gone this is the big problem no one knows who will go when 63rd I think I am four I will go in a year, in 5 years you will not go in 30, 35 years, but your better half who is 4, 5, 6 years younger will come to Chalisa who is also younger in age, so don't think like this. It's Not Only About What You Give To Your Kids PER SE IS NOT INCREASING WITH GOD IS NOT SO GREAT NOT RELEASING WERE GETTING INTO DAY LIPID STATE AND BACTERIA Advertisement Well and that property is its running story Jod Niti Jitne's lead 2.5 lakhs Little Holi Utsav Half that plate is not going to be worth 6 crores, it is time tourist structure and rental in it will be good for you, its life will not be made with new technology, so you too if  If he is in early 16th then 2030 years you can use it for rental. If you are in 7008 then you can use it for your children.  We can go so that it seems that we will see father's, mother 's or Guddan's thing, by picking up the meaning of apps like this, I see the meaning of sorry to use these words that people also prepare for it the day before that, I tell them about it.  We were saying that these are some dark things, we have to bring someone from the society and discuss them and many people are sitting on ads, their children immediately go to the country, they don't even come back, they sell it on power and phone calls.  In the sense that you have saved money by adding your money throughout your life, like if by combining it, you did not buy a car, bought less good clothes, went out less on food and drink, did not party, did not do anything, then OK, acids are not easily formed and should be formed like this.  I should not make it at all, blow it all away, make it absolutely perfect, but give them so much respect, that is, plant another new tree in front of you, if a tree becomes such that it is not bearing fruits, then why should you see that fruitless tree now?  want to give  Then it is cut, okay then you can plant your new saplings yourself, that is important. By involving the new generation in it, you can also give them 10-20% share by taking the money from them. This also does not cause any discord in the family. I have two sons.  There is a son and a daughter. One of them has two daughters. If I don't have any value problem, if he has one too, then do one thing in that too. Tell him also, you put this will on 20 cents.  We have been talking that the transfer becomes very smooth, otherwise one has to face a lot of setbacks, no one goes after writing the will and even after writing the will, one has to face setbacks. Joint Ownership has different opinions. It is okay and you took the money from him, it is not that it means him.  Also supported and did not give money. In a state like Haryana, there is a transfer request. You can transfer here and there in blood relations at any time. You can do this also between blood relatives and give a share to your children too. Mix of can be given to each other, so you have to discuss some of these things, what is your quality of SHO, you have to see that now their A is great, bad, cigarette is degraded, absolutely dear cigarette, then remove them and those who are B C.  If it is going to happen in four-five years, then discuss it. Keep your good quality Adams, which are branded, which are good, long lasting, fun to look at, fun to tell the address, a rental income and now what will be the problem if  How does an elderly person wait for 245 years? Here you have to send a pic to the children, you tell him and that should be your arrangement, about this I will give you such a Castro, I will give you another Rs 30,000 joint, I will give it in that if any child has Rs 3 lakh.  If ₹ 10 is lost then Subscribe Gurjar needs self-respect as well. He says that I want to scold you that you are spoiling the arrangement. They are very good in this kind of attack. Let me tell you about platinum hair destruction etc. It will become specific on its own that which acid is there, what is the percentage and how to give it because wives are also like this. I am talking about sons or I can also talk about bangs which influence.  Let's start our pass. Be it someone's daughter or someone 's son, after the range, it is ours only. Why is he taking, why is he giving money, what is he doing? You will get such wise sauces, there can be others too, you are the one who listens.  It is possible that you will meet a person, but you have to say that this is brother's edition, you do not have the capacity to buy your own separately and the new generation is coming, now people sometimes feel bad, you should not use mode of hand, you should use essential French.  If I want to do it then I take friends quote. It is okay that if someone has not written and subscribed, then the Sangh must be with me. In my eyes too, there is a system to humiliate anyone. This is why I am removing it for the sake of sight, so this is for the sake of sight.  For  This is so that he can relax from the mobile and laptop, keep an eye on him till now, by the grace of God, subscribe to the program of the Sangh for the sight of you, Papa, if you are sitting with this cloth along with someone else, then he is yours.  Friend or giver or we are uncles and aunts and who else, uncles and aunts, take it with father, don't leave it for us, you want us to keep cheating, tell us directly and say this through my video because I am not yours.  Friends, who am I, neither of the younger generation nor of the older generation? I am the one who is going to show the reality of the astrological torch. Who is the mother and not the grandson? They know somewhere, they know that it was father's, now it will become theirs, now they had gone by saying brother, now we  So no, our memories are there in it and that is actually the mother's thoughts get ordered, the husband goes away, she feels that she doesn't know that I don't want to take everything and do n't speak from my mouth, whether he will kill me something else or not.  So these are memories, please remind me that no one has anything, these Taj Mahal type things are made whole by one man, otherwise everything breaks and then gets rebuilt, okay otherwise, in so many years, no one knows how many people you have met. Ok ok and some great work has to be done to those who don't even subscribe to them by paying 50 cents. If ever there was something related to them then they would have been remembered then this name and memory and don't get into their trap, the next generation is struggling a lot with money.  Assets are very important in earning and that's why the older generation has not earned all your words. You may also not be able to live in it, so it is not that you will just sit on it, this Kalsarp Dosh frustration.  Explanation of every word should not be done too much, then it starts doing it, okay you do it, I am a businessman, he will type ' A Respectful', then contact on that thing, do n't sell, but don't even say this after us. Nothing is going on for us, we are satisfied, son, he is giving us Rs 20,000, hey, he can definitely become 70-80 thousand and if that thing also gets appreciated, then even a thing worth ₹ 100 becomes ready and  ₹ 100, if the receiver starts giving ₹ 2 or 4-5 rupees and the depot itself also starts giving you ₹ 100, then the only problem you have in this is that it does n't take two-three years if something is being made or someone. What would have happened instead of the batter? If Gujar had not sold it then he would have given me something ready, maybe it was not the right thing like ready, he might have been aware of cold coffee, where he was in the search of ready, there would have been some batter.  There is a little trick, a little fall, blind consultation of everyone cannot be done, but the name and the general meaning was this, I hope you people will take it as pregnant, at the very least, I am not saying that I have a solution to talk about this. My method is exactly someone, I am saying that at least discuss this thing, brother, take this template, Sharma, that's my opinion, I saw this nonsense from the shop, this plant is in a small town, do you live in Delhi, Gurgaon or somewhere like that?  Used to live in Fatehabad, Hisar, this is Kaithal. Interpretation: You have got a plot of 250 yards. Keep laying eggs. You are not doing anything, either get something done. Yes, but by doing a joint venture, Papa, live and build.  We will send builders, do some joint ventures, do some activities, that time is trying to make it work for you, do something, older generation has cash colony from acid, younger generation does not have the ability to make cash, lower abs, pinnacle capability of life events.  And if I say it in simple language in Hindi, then you people must have understood the position assigned to the above policy and please give me a feedback Motivate and after  Defects give me in the comment section thank you