Hello friends, Water Research etc. Dale Stan Investment Trust, you can understand that it is like a mutual fund, here you give money and the mutual fund manager likes the underline business, he likes shares in the listed company, so instead of buying shares directly in it, you  You give money to the person in mutual fund and he takes it from you, he is frustrated, 2017 Lee, what is there to read, what is what to do, I will make it in second third party today.  This is an introductory video, but in this I am going to give you some great advice on how it would be to go practical tubeless. You see, there are many people who physically own property and say that this is my office and your respect increases because with it. How would you know which one would come, from whom you would give, what would be the level of the stories, then everyone asked that yes, it would be like this, I have so many big names but they have been cut off so that you can read them and put them in mod only.  Good morning, it is being put in the state, it can be put in Bengaluru also, it can be put in Pune also, it can be put in the symbol and it is directly type and half of the time we ourselves facilitate gender, so it can be in it but it is retail in western spitting.  I would not advise investors to go to it because the entry barrier is very high, it will have a program for 5 lakh soldiers, set their own cutoff, 2 crores is too much, ok, this product is not good but the best, so my voice right now is YouTube Congress.  President, my channel is very good, but it does not talk to the match energy through YouTube, okay YouTube has rods, middle signup permission, Reed has brought for you, you can make your Chinese, appoint them, you are your maternal uncle and his son is your brother.  This is a bastard, I have appointed the girl separately, I have given the property to both of them and if I send it to the school as soon as possible then it will be calculated according to the school. Oh man, what is the benefit of 10:00 percent. I will take multiple properties by doing this and after 10-12 years, I will divide my shares as an individual.  It is very good to make the property solid that I have transferred all the property to a place like Haryana because of blood relation. I want to tell you that it is very good to transfer the property in a place like Haryana. Experiments and terrorists do not cost money. Your four expenses are ₹ 5000. Only 34 canteens can be used for profit. What is the opportunity. A good late will give some small cardamoms. It has taken two-three years to pay the money. Its ok and now you have fifth 15 days ok for that then you had wife india part this [ __ ] will cook 5 lakh more password which is the caller wins and women of the house which have registered their names in that 2 months your saints  Is it okay or will you betray your sister, your wife's sister, your bike's sister, your brother, your sister-in-law and your bike, if it is okay then this new concept will not be discussed, no one will tell this because it is a rating.  It becomes good, isn't it? You always want to do it in different people too, whether you will give bread in the virtual office or get the units, tell some more story, then now the matter will not come, then the managers have to maintain some brotherhood among themselves, is n't it?  You first take it like this All this in foreign Next three days You will love to stop Such a quality standards in property management space You have to see what it is and what you have to see Live Hairstyle Relieving Westerwelle  209 Medium Enough is ok 11 Mainly reason of yours is that I have to look at them again, this kind of work will also be done, this used to be done, Uderolal will go in this, then only many people will leave in the system, then it will look very fun, they are launching business models like sitting first.  I got the business from a party, but it is not working, so whatever I do, I see everything is changing, the landscape is changing, please invest in Mirchi that if a property is only  75 lakhs and three people together, what is the problem with Pratibha's body and sharing the rents and thus acquiring multiple properties without going into the main stream of low because many people have bought their only pony nonsense properties in small different speculative ways. Chart, I know so many people who have kept 10 lakh, 12 lakh shields instead of the raw material, no one has electricity in front of it, neither is it broken nor is it slow inside it.  The address of the registry is where you are from, someone told you about the storage, you go and solid 10 lakh, 12 lakh, 30 lakh, 40 thousand, then you say that friend, I do n't have enough money to take it, so I am small.  I will go far away and get a property worth 30 likes instead of Meijer, in a place in Greater Noida, Yamuna Expressway, there are many types of supplies coming, there is no man, there is nothing, I don't know that.  Get property worth Rs.30 by putting Rs.30 and like someone else's 3030 and put equal amount of your own. List your question now and create investment trust. Tell me how did you like the idea? I will also discuss about the normal real estate investment trusts but mostly.  Dead Chennai product is fine. Everything is retail on WhatsApp. It is not right to consider that which is not for you to put fresh soil because time has value. street address power why ask but if you have a very good line every material serious child then I will make on that also ok there is full guarantee on that also real estate investment trust book best tourist to approach to worship you have to door  Gurgaon Market To Have Been Very Very ke Exam Ishwar All Light Ok Vishuddha Chakra Pass Course Not Shop Hands Ko Double Ki Shop No Scientific Have No Food The Most Erotic Stories  Now the yearning has increased, we have to unite the highly developed investors, I will make a video on that, what kind of check system is going on, who has to withdraw it from where and if someone has to be withdrawn, then someone will have to be informed, brothers and sisters, about the land pool policy.  If you are stuck in Delhi and want to get out, then bring your man and I will return your money. To get someone out, it is necessary to make someone laugh. People have stopped laughing, so the people who will come out will not be allowed to come out.  Any time soon below, whoever will be yelled at is also fine, it is better to have something like this, but I will keep giving you clarity, I was telling you everything, how to do the decision making process, how you people should go ahead.  And commercial real estate papers, those who stand up and speak first, this is a good but for a channel, the sub entry barrier is so much that it can be put on five people, tell me how did you like it, share it, like comment. Subscribe Like Comment [Music] The level is increasing that smell Very happy Subscribe School Comment Comment I am getting to learn something, I will also do a separate one for you guys in which how many people have  Tell me good things, I will tell you that also, thank you.