Hello friends, today's topic is sisters should girls get married, so I know that this one is not politically correct in today's time, leave that topic aside, if I am telling less about English, this is a lot of consultation and another one. And witnesses a lot of trouble in marriage and respect time and sees people very sad. I also understand and teach happiness to people, so listen to me carefully if you are a girl. Father and mother of girl, okay, very big thing because there is a lot going wrong in this, it means the parents are very much at fault, so I am addressing the parents and maybe you girls are listening to me 21 22 23 24  25 26 27 No matter how many of your parents are making this mistake and doing that, then you because life is yours, you have to take that step, what is the problem with girls, parents say.  Initially, girls have values ​​in India, they keep them tight, no Mani, don't go like this, do n't meet the girl, we will tell whom to marry, we will tell, we will tell, we will tell, we will tell, I am a 25 26 27 28 year old girl and  We will tell you, we will tell you, talk to that boy, you don't know how to talk, what is the cut off for him, what is next, brother, our cut off is till 24 years, we will see it, boy, look, this is also a culture, I am not judgmental.  Stay parents, if you want to find a boy, it is his wisdom, if you want to marry in the community, so and so, threaten, 1.5 crore, what is the program for the boy, if you are looking for a property, are looking for a phone, are looking for a car, are you looking for anything, then someone is cut off. I will tell you, I will tell you, if you want to tell your child and also the phone which one you will take, then you tell me, I will tell you, there will be some cut off, so it cannot be said that it spends 6 months on that.  What is the date? All the girls listen carefully. Where do you want to settle in 24 years? In 24 years it means in 25 years, you are getting a package of two crores. If any girl is getting it, then tell me what you have to do. You will get this package of Rs. 20 lakhs.  They want to show you a boy with a package of Rs 1.5 crore. You can see the boys who are East Facing Park Facing Plant, who are good fans, good watchers and good boys and they leave after 25-26 years. At the age of 26 years and they have different kind of parents with lapakane, they accommodate the 21, 22, 23 year old girls, that is, I will say sorry to them, the parents of the 21, 22, 23, 24 year old girls book those boys in advance and the hard work done by them.  She is a girl who can become something. She will become something. What will she become? 27 28 What has she become in 30 years? What has become of me? Sexy store code reader can be less.  Yes, but I am telling you from a practical point of view, I am telling you very clearly, listen carefully, as a person who is down to earth, tell me one thing from a practical point of view, you have a salary of Rs. 40000 at the age of 24 and you have married a boy with a salary of Rs. 60000.  You got married and tomorrow your salary will be Rs 1.5 lakh and the boy's salary is only Rs 90 thousand. So it is a big betrayal. What has happened to you? Can I stop your meaning?  Tech now, more talent, tech now, more hard work and luck. You have the greed that if I get a big fish then I too have the greed of a girl and in the parents of a girl, if our girl is preparing for a competition, if this opportunity becomes available then  I don't know what we will get because a girl, look in India, not every other person, every person is preparing for the competition. What did the girl do? It is like she is preparing for the competition, it is like she is getting married, so that is a way of saying because people think this.  I don't want to do it, sir, we are waiting for Moti Party. Okay, Moti Party will be held, we will have a nice marriage, but I have to say something, because I will have to say it dear because it will be hers, I do n't know what all she has done now that she is 24-25 years old.  If you must not be studying or preparing for competition, then girls have to take their future in their hands. Ask their parents to tell me if I want to do something. Girls themselves are busy in their freedom.  By taking a job of Rs 30-40 thousand, what freedom do they think they have got? We live alone, the world is at our feet, we don't know about marriage, we don't know where to go, our parents will show us and tell us, right now I am enjoying my life, there should be no enjoyment, they are so negative.  Rakhi is made about marriage, if there is no enjoyment after marriage, then never do it, then the sooner you get married, the sooner you get married, it is beneficial to move ahead in life. I am telling this and as far as the career of girls is concerned, right?  Only then your career can continue till the age of 80, if you get married at the age of 23-24 and have some children and everything is clear till 30-32, you are happy from 30-32 and then you can do less till the age of 80. What am I telling you, first I will settle down at 32 in a job worth Rs 300000000, then I will get married and then I will have a child, she was mine for Rs 40000.  I will also lose my job, then I will be 37 years old, 38 years old, my baby will be 4 years old and she will be the first girl, then my mother-in-law will say no, I want another child, I do not want to do another because I do not want a career, this is happening and This is not my fabricated idea about the second house. I am not telling you that the first one becomes a girl. The second one is a boy. If the first one is a boy, then perhaps we will have less than one. I am talking about the North Indian mentality of 2023. It is unfortunate but it is there.  This is not my thought process, this is what people have and what I am telling you, come again, you are your struggling at 38, I am a question girl, I am like that, I do n't know what I will achieve in life, types nine, I have gone for a 4 year.  Old daughter my in lawer saying my husband do the child but I used to [ __ ] 12 years ago nine I want you start please guide me by doing this hey you  Do an audit of 38 years, what would you have done if you had got married at 22, had a child at 24, you would have had a 15 year old child, at least if you had been with the watchman, then in my life you would have been doing something together with the child.  It is only a 15 year old child who is telling you how to do something. You are sitting with a 4 year old child. If you have delayed the marriage, then what is there to show, don't you have even four paise, no job and you know your husband is an [ __ ].  If it is in your life, then why did you wait? No, first till 26 years, parents kept saying that we will select, then what happened, till 28, 29, why do girls go to 33 like this, they don't even know, tell me, friend, first class.  It takes 12 years to go from 12th to 12th class. It takes 12 years like this and then you don't know when the child comes after completing 12th and this is when you turn from 18 to 30. You know.  It's not like 12 years and you turned 18, you did 12th from first, then you turned 18 to 30, got married in 30 years, have a bank balance of Rs 1.5 crores, have a good salary, have immediate experience of the country, have seen the world, enjoyed it.  If you profile women like this, get married at 32, get married at 35, where am I to believe that the country is free, who am I to show women like this that they should get married early.  Do children, then who am I for him, but at least he is on his profile, he is not anywhere, all the children are roaming below 50,000, they are 28, 30, 35 years old, nothing is happening, they are not reaching anywhere, but they are busy.  Munna Bhai will do MBBS, we will become someone, we will do something else, we will take it in our hands, we will do it, we will work in HDFC Bank, we will find a good boy there, we will marry him, please give us these blessings, don't tell us about it.  No, I will tell you, tell me because what happens is that girls are looking for boys but father will tell that good boys are looking for them, everything is good in life, everything is going well and but they just miss it, then they will be 28 and 30 because then  They don't meet at all because no matter how good they are in the first year, they are less good and then in 32 years we will not get boys, they will be called boys of 25 or 26, what will we call a 32 year old boy?  Now the girl will marry a 28 year old boy, that too in Dewas Ganga, not the reverse, it is the reverse in India, don't tell me, from 32 to now I am 28, it is a very rear case, but video may be for 90% of what happens.  It is okay, the rest keep waiting even for 35 years, the circle of friends is visible, gradually everyone is getting married, Papa will find me, Papa will find me, Papa is not in my power right now, Papa should come first.  Tell me, this D cut off for D girls is 24 to 25 years. Lapover period can be of 24 to 25 years. It is not in our control. Son, find her. You have made your girl 25 years old, given values, given knowledge, given a job, she will decide on her.  You are going to forward the biodata of your daughters including their Janam Kundli and time of birth on WhatsApp groups while sitting at home.  Impeachment should be people. Hey forwarding, this is a girl. Tell me my biodata. Any boy, no one is interested in telling. No one knows about his son, no one knows about his own. Will anyone suggest you? If there is a fight tomorrow, then you will fodoge her head. If you had told then  This is how marriages take place i.e. by forwarding on WhatsApp groups and seeing real people in the real world or by going to the seats, which I myself do not believe, by going to these seats and pressing the button because who is hiding what on this.  What are you showing, what are you telling, everything is wrong, you do n't even know, you are a resident of Ambala, Indore boy, what has Indore and Ambala got to do, who knows who is where, then you buy this again and then say no marriage.  Hey, you live in a big city, first of all you care about your people and if you are a 22 year old girl and you see a good boy of 24-25 years of age, even though his salary is not very big, but he is a good boy, his family is fine.  No, please get married, please do because it is possible that because of you in his life, luck may come out of his life, girl, everyone is sitting in their greed, they do n't know that we want ripe fruits only, but you will not go for raw ones, what will happen. Amrish Puri type microsco took me towards introvert, now he does n't have the personality to talk to anyone and now you have left such a girl, now you see, you know, you can't commit a bigger sin than this, parents are doing this to girls.  parents What is happening with the boys, it is happening to the boys, there is no issue where the boys got the job, it was set, there are many people who wait, it is okay where even the girls and boys are not getting set much but the boys are set wherever they are.  It happened that he is in demand, he is tired, he has become something, there is a lot of confusion among the girls, he has become something, I will get married and then whatever, I have become something, because when I became something, then my something also went away, okay but.  Ateli Appreciate for me for racing d topic you have got the solution same and solution date this is un issue of first of all we go then parents have to keep their cut off every thing has cut off in time that if I have to do this  He has to go from place to place and if I don't get a train, then I have a bus. If I don't get a bus, then there is a taxi. If you do n't get a taxi, then there is something else. If you don't have it, you will remain sitting there. It will not come in life. Sit down for breakfast, breakfast will come, it's time for lunch, lunch will come, dinner will come, you will go sometime, I am going out, I am doing something, I have so much of my friend's tops, how did you like the video, it is bringing the topics in the new year.  We will see, I will increase the level of the video further and as your love is increasing and comments are coming and it is getting very good, the subscription and base is also increasing, so I will talk about such topics which have a real impact on the society.  My content is doing something which is having an impact on people their thinking for a positive this thing, he will definitely find time bitter, he will also feel a little bit hopeless but by talking I am taking him out of hopelessness because these things are under  There is D carpet, there is no discussion, there is no discussion in the family, there is no chance on social media, you know how a news channel runs a narrative.  No one is going to do these things, no one is going to do these things and there is no one to add to our girls in real life. Some parents teach us something and then say, now do this, now from where can I do that, brother, it is okay with him.  Either tell me in advance brother, keep your antenna open, if you also see someone then be alive you are the possibilities and we will decide together, it is not the system that decides together, I am the father, I am every father and daughter, we decide.  will do our rituals Sanskar Raja Raj is from such a big family and then he made a girl of 26, 27, 28, now she has the personality of her father's face, she also becomes like this, I see, she neither has such a mouth nor Sher Khan type, she becomes like a wet cat at the age of 29 years.  Now I am not getting anything, so why was I becoming a hero? Look here, these things may sound bad but by making this practical joke, it is not that I am making fun of anyone, I am addressing the pain of this society. First of all, to address the pain, what does one have to say about the pain? Then one has to find pain out of the pain. Date is D job today Subscribe Azhar can give me feedback ok and please spread this larger message on your WhatsApp group which is the debate.  Na, discuss this topic on useless topics in the group, the family group you are sitting below, Na uncle, ji, mother, said this thing, is it right, isn't it, this is not happening, how many of our people are there? Our daughters are missing the train and sit 313032, what did they do in what?