Hello friends, small video but ay totka tips how Lord gives the job, how do you know from the job, how to know that you should leave the job, because people want to leave the job, this is the reason and many are asking what to do, what to do if they leave, their  The message for this is that I am going to leave the job by mistake, if I leave it till some time then I will leave it till that level and if you like it then subscribe, not while you are swimming in the swimming pool, okay you also know the cross.  someone from behind Therefore, humans are villain type people. This person is much stronger than you and he climbs on you like this and by pressing your shoulders you make you drown in the water. He has completely put you under water with his power. Imagine this situation and you fall.  You are staying and he is giving full force to him and you are getting [ __ ] now, what will every pore of your body want? Will you think at this time, what will I do after coming out? Will you think that this very moment he will leave me or I will?  I will go out for a while and then I will come to the mall and go to watch the movie Top Gun. Okay, will we make such a plan or will you say that brother, immediately every pore of the body will come out with full force. There is no need to ask anyone.  There is a need to think that when you are in such a situation, then leave the job. Don't go away. If you are in such a situation, then if you are in such a situation, then you leave. If you are not in such a situation, then one will not be spared from you.  You will keep asking, you will waste your time, you will harm the world, there are many people who have to leave the job, they will leave, they will leave, they will leave, they will come clean after doing it, many people show it there, in the government, this is a very famous thing, they used to do that, now I have to leave so that they can go to Bigg.  Boss, if I find the principal city on him, then he will ask if he is going to leave the job. Yes, sir, he is also thinking. Sources, till then the voice changer is your posting, then go and sing a new tune, to my ko to leave, leave, explain, this is the government.  And in the private sector, people are grinding so hard, think of it, you are grinding your life so much, your life is going on like this, I am thinking of leaving the job, I don't know what to do, first of all brother, 80 ninety percent on the job.  Reduce the life drain and come down to 70, come down to 65 because if you reduce the performance, then what will be the waste, will the soldiers take the job, just like you were thinking, take a breath, if this is a red flag then on this.  Don't go well and you will be fired from the job and you are operating here You can afford to use this little bit place, then think Android that it is very important to remove this press and remember the second thing OA in India  There are 10 lakh children who can give a job in the market. Give me a job, anyone please give me, I am busy just because you are not enjoying, you are strong, you are not going to even leave the job, then what will you do and you don't enjoy the job only, but there is a lot of fun in the job.  deep in the district  I will tell you that I am making a revolutionary, very good product, I am fine, it is very good, it will be fun, seeing it will open the eyes of the employees that the entire system is not identifying the employees, what is it, it is made for capitals, if you  You work in a bank which extracts the juice from you to make ends meet and I am a shareholder in that bank, so you are working for me. Every Enterprises Working for Maximizing According to Harold Ronit, Government  The one is there, I do n't know if Sir Akshar is okay, so the government forces are coming out in such a way, theirs are starting to come out. Okay, the government forces are also coming out, okay dear, but the private ones are the corporate ones. Phone number 7 Verse Hey Vital Energy.  Not only this, no one has the rebellious mind space, it is an illusion on the trade mill, if I put you in medical, then you will be young and you will run away, you will not get time to think about anything else, you thought that you will also fall there, subscribe this channel, like and subscribe.  Here, to explain a little, I will tell you in detail, so this small thing to do something different is how the CEO of the company changes job, becomes the sole owner, share holding and liability tax and marriage, and his boss and  You are top management and you are firing and if you fire the boss above you and want to become a hero then tell me that your salary will be so much that I will wait for the next one, okay this is the thing of startup culture.  Because what is happening, this is its boxing and what is this thing, you do not like the job, you are being crushed, your boss is killing you, you do not like the culture, you leave the job and read your work when you start your work.  The work slowly starts increasing, people start coming under you, you also go on the same path, the life of this campaign starts getting lost, the system itself is like this, either you will lose your life, you will lose your life, or are there other things in life to save your life, not for anyone else.  to extract one's own and separate from that  It is also a very good thing and it calls for people like me to create an awareness within the society. For a long time, things are being explained and I am of the opinion that there is a competition among actresses, there is no place for such things, there is no daddy.  Number one number two in speed, if not such things, then you can listen to more details in the comment section and subscribe as well. Will you do it? Maybe, maybe, and if you are made for job only, then from job.  Instead of being unhappy, we find ourselves in such a system where there are ready-made procedures, ready-made marketing budgets, ready-made everything, we overestimate our contribution in it as if we come from that eco system.  Outside, we are proud of our brand, no matter what it means, like I am there, there is no brand behind me, if you are doing a job then there is nothing behind you, but while standing, you are of this company date.  The company has tried everything, your goods are going on, there is the supply chain, there are distributors, there is your product, there is some hero and heroine who is advertising for you, if you are doing some work in it, if you are doing something in any department, then people tend to estimate that I am the one. I am trying to stop this by going out, it is not easy, very hero and heroine, everyone knows stop this task and they will understand that brother takes the picture there and then they Start making pictures but degree on this will eat up all the money, many people are ruined, you know that they are not able to do anything, they are not able to do anything, then if they release it among the smart people or if they are in the production themselves, then they start buying stakes, then it is too smart to get profit from this.  You can also do management super cars there, I am the one who speaks very deep things in the video, Jethalal stopped her small video, if you guys have any question related to this thing, subscribe to the video channel related to this job job job job.  If you try, then there is a coaching industry worth Rs 140 crore to get a job. We are going to tell you how to get a job by working hard. Don't feel like a job was in this. This is very important for individuals. If they are watching your video, they are growing. What have I done?  You will learn, we will see ahead, thank you