Hello friends, a very popular question is, can affordable housing be sold quickly, mine is out, can I sell it at a premium, then the answer is no, you cannot sell, you have to take a position, you can sell it after one year of the position and normally 3 years.  They say three and a half years, correction will be done practically in 14 years and if you can't sell it after one year then you ca n't see it for 5 years. I will tell you the maths in detail, double housing projects.  It has also been said that in 5 years yours will double, those who took it last year or those who took it 5 years from time, those who are 21, those who are taking it in 22, those who are taking it in 22, that it will double in 27 and the shot is fine but  You should not sell. Don't buy affordable housing for selling. There will be no bloodshed in the name of the beach. Your life will change and by selling at that time, even today, the curse of living in affordable housing legally will be corrected.  There is a cheap option, there is nothing cheaper than this today and it will not be there tomorrow also, so when you sell the thing written for Rs 25, 26, 27 lakh for Rs 4853 in 5 years, then you cannot buy the middle and higher price, you will not get any profit in the city. You can consider it as Rental Play, Gastro Positive Play, Income Tax Rebate, Mini Pension, Old Age Pension, this is the kind of thing that you put in and it will give you very good returns for a very long time. Period of time, you should approach it in this way and many people who have just got Super Bhaiya, before that it was released in district 6, people are facing loan problems, those who want loan can contact me.  Loan can be done on WhatsApp, they try to help in the bed and you can connect for that and one question that most of the people are asking is about car parking.  In Rule Edison Adhik, the government had commented that if the builder passes his plan and creates more space, then he can enter the five percent class. If five percent of the cost is fine, then people have a lot of questions in that too.  Whether it is less or more, the builder is doing it, then you can either take whatever is happening in the market, if you do not understand it, if it does not seem right, then you should contact the person and you can connect him. Can do this and car parking was not initially catered for in the old project but new designs can be made then its rule is 6 per cent as many allottees who came out alive that agree in the change in the what ever map design.  And creating a car parking space hassle car parking space can be created in old launchers and the healthy one which was launched in 2019 was launched in 20 days before this policy  When it was launched, if those people also approach the department with six percent yes science from the people, then there can be a change too. So this healthy information and 1.25% apart from this, whatever questions you people have regarding affordable housing, please comment in the comment section.  Put a form of short video, I will answer you, my friend, many people have doubts regarding the refund. Brother, if the month's refund is not received then come.  Sooner or later, those on the waiting list will come through the builder, because that person's stand will have to be told to the builder that he does not want to take it, but what about many other people of this lineage, he has come out of DLF City. Now who is the friend who is waiting for 102, then do it and yes, it will come out, so if you have to cancel it here, then you will have to pay the policy on cancellation charges. By doing 25000 plus one percent, something is normal, it looks tasty on it, thick thick shift request is that you increased your chances, you took more lottery tickets or choice last, you can see that, then there is another question in it, it remains that two nickels  If you have gone then which block should you try? Take the one with low floor, especially ground floor, first floor, second and third floor. You don't have to weigh that much for the lift with a gold digger. If you go below then If you have a choice, then take the one below, if it is only above then the one which is in the name of a woman, all seem to be equal, then take the one which is in the name of a woman, because there are two questions in this, the registry will increase if the rental income.  If you enter the rental, they will pay their tax on the rental. If the woman does not work, then you have that option, she will not be taxed. Then a question is asked whether mine has become someone's, mother's or wife's, now that.  If you do not earn money then how will you get the loan? The husband or son who is in the loan can give his salary slip and will get the loan. It is not necessary for you to be an owner to take the loan, however, he will get income tax rebate.  For this it is necessary for you to become an owner, then one more question people ask that I am already a co-owner, applicant means I am also an owner, so if I get along with someone else, then you cannot be a co-owner.  But you can buy only one affordable housing, you can also buy it between husband and wife, which is the rule regulation now, so this is it, apart from this, if questions arise then definitely write, like these five questions of permutation combination, you can write it, I will make a video.  I will tell you more. Those who have not subscribed the channel, there is a request to them, please subscribe the channel, share the videos and also go to the play list that's not.  Only Real Estate Rafi Something You Will Know More And The Know Thank You Very Much For