Hello friends, we will talk about reservation, this topic which becomes a normal political system, many people get nervous and shy to discuss it, so I would like to discuss it, but as far as people talk about it and why are they shy because what takes them away is reservation.  It should be, it shouldn't be, let's just settle it on this, it's okay if someone does, and all the comments that come are that it should be, it should be, see, the person who is getting it will say it should be.  The one who is not getting it will say that it should not be there, I will go ahead because it will become a topic of great discussion because in this you can create as much content as you want, you can tell 1.5 crore reasons why it should be there and I will also tell you 2 crore reasons.  You can, why shouldn't it happen, okay, if someone else can discuss it then today, apart from you people, I want to tell you about the other ways in which it is harming the society, which is  You shouldn't do that brother! You know that if you are not getting it, he will be sad and if you are getting it, he will say, keep getting more, keep getting children, keep getting dates, this is understood, it is okay, but in this matter, many people who do not get it, they have nothing in life. Our parents get a reason to say that if there was no reservation, then I would have raised flags. Those who also discuss about anti-reservation, the discussion continues till the time their child is in that zone. Someone's child is 50.  It's a year old right? This one is 45 years old, this one is 40, he is not discussing, only he is discussing who it belongs to, if he gets it done somewhere then something will happen, still it is not the border, if your child is getting BP done in the corporate today, somewhere or the other.  His life has gone well, he is doing well in a foreign country or doing business, making it digital, so and so has happened, then you are not discussing it, the one discussing it is the one whose child is not doing anything and he is holding her back.  This thing causes more harm here  You have to see, one argument is given that if this is a reservation, then there is a reservation, then there is a merit compromise and in this way, the people who are going will end the meritocracy in India. Hey, who said that the government  Merit is needed in the job. Many average people can go to government jobs. No such great person is getting less. Understand this. I want to explain this to you people and also tell the government to understand that at what stage you get a government job.  Please show at any level that you don't know what you will become, even if you don't get a confirmed job in the government, then what happens to the government these days, it means sleep is sorternity, looking at the certainty of only one thing, all other uncertainties are also there in the government.  The government can call me anytime and do anything anywhere, you cannot keep your mouth shut, you cannot agree, you cannot change much, you cannot change the place, you cannot change there before reaching Jahangir, you cannot live with your wife and children half the time, ever.  ask for leave If you keep doing things like this then no one is discussing that thing. If you all want to see, reservation is such a good thing, it is a bad thing, it is a good thing or ultimately why are you crying that a government job is a good thing, neither is it a government job. If job is such a good thing then all those doing government jobs should be happy. You government servants, whoever is related to you, observe him carefully, talk to him, tell him, ask him if he is happy, then if he is not 99% happy, brother, he is like this.  Any  The arrow is not hitting the pumpkin. Nothing great is happening here. Tell the government servants who are doing it that brother, get hit. This is a big job. Even among the servant government servants, the face of the government in the world is decreasing and  There was a time when government servants used to speak, there was more information on government and servants were like this, it is okay, now these are the teachers who always think that they are being cut short by their duties.  I get it and how much  It is becoming tight, it is becoming tight everywhere and in the future it will become so tight that everything will end from here within four days and nothing will be left. This is the real solution to reservation in our country. According to me, that party should stop it.  Can't do this, can stop it, can speak against it or can speak more in support of it because everywhere it will run for vote bank, if it will run left or right then it cannot be said, this is a fact of life that cannot be said by anyone else.  not a party  She will do only political tricks, so when she cannot go, then there is only one way to do it, which I feel is already underway, this will make her like the Nawab of Lucknow, brother, you do it first, brother, you do it first.  Brother, you do it, nothing will be left inside it, you can eat and drink from anywhere, we will stop it today, it will take 5 years for it to stop, but if you tell the one who is preparing for a government job today, brother, you This one will be posted anywhere, your aarti will not be reduced, your [ __ ] will not go away, it will be squeezed out of you, ok are you ready, nine more, your salary will increase like this and the commission will not come, man lo, this is the government which has accepted the previous pay commission.  If the eighth pay commission is not to come, then no pay commission is to come for you people, the salaries have to be increased little by little, GDP has to rocket, everything has to happen. You, the government man, have to come back. Kovind felt that it is a good thing if you have a government job and you cannot reduce it by asking for an uncertain period. The government man cannot agree. If you have to reach at 2:00, you have to reach.  If you have to do something at night, you have to do it, if you have to do duty, then you have to do it, then government people do not see the fun, there is another life besides that, those government people and relatives will tell you that what I am talking about is not in the news.  how much power So ultimately I can clearly see that if you look carefully at anything previous, it is not so at any level. Capitulation is an English word for government jobs. When will job and desire happen, when it will become clear in the marriage market that to marry a government servant?  There is no use in this, it is too far to think now because there is still a war going on, it is unimaginable to think of it behind a government job, but it is going to become a reality in three to four to five years and ultimately Marriage market on which jobs men study and which ones they don't study and this is going to happen because family life of government servant is not going to be great and ladies and women and women will Khatrao kya bole hai in mary government servant  Because Reliance Will Become Zero If You Marry Government Servant Your Stability Vehicle Become Zero Keep roaming around, from eight eight nine slave schools of the children, she is getting on one stage, the wife folds her hands like this and says, send me here, now if he keeps roaming around then there is going to be no quality of married life and she is already this.  What I am telling is not like this, it is not happening, it is happening, it is just that no one is coming and articulating it and in the coming time, brothers and sisters, this is going to happen more and so much is going to happen that when someone's government  If you get a job then there will be no celebration or celebration and these jobs will also gradually reduce. I am telling you this, see how many jobs were there 20 years ago and see how many there are today. Look at what was the population of India 20 years ago and how much is there today, these jobs are not that big anyway but they will become less and less. This is the prediction that in Group C and D, India would be very less. Automation will start happening in other departments also. You have seen that the government has taken rules in the defense forces also. Which scheme has come under this scheme? Do you know what is its name? It is okay that by doing Agni Veer, they are changing.  The government cannot bear the burden of such a huge salary and pension bill and once there people will have to bear whatever they are feeling and after that you have to make nine releases to reduce it.  Those who have to retire, then if a plumber is going to retire in the country, then someone will have to become a carpenter, will have to become an electrician, will have to become a painter, will have to become a driver, will have to become a health worker, will have to become a cook, will have to do all these things which are retirement, will have to do this and this thing.  The government is no longer going to take charge of where the drivers go, they will not be government drivers, now they will be available as private drivers and those jobs will be outsourced to you.  Will go and in the government also, now that government job is not going to be reduced and if we understand this thing as our youth, instead of all the people applying for a few posts, like many times we are only told that and you  Do you know how many HD's have applied for peon? It is peak porally about peon. It is speak polio HD song around people also have no value. You do n't have to feel sorry for HD peon's application. You have to check this brother, who gave this HD because if the person giving the HD is good and there is famine in it, then why is he doing the job? There is something in that HD in it, it is not in his control, that is why. That is also a fraud, people do not show helplessness in this, that HD is going for PNR idea, there is no need to show that HD reverse thought process, people do not keep second order thinking, they do not do second order thinking through this channel of mine.  this second third Start thinking because if he had the power in HD, then that person would not have done anything less, he would have written, he would have been a lecturer in a private college, he would have been the same person, wherever he did this, there should be an inquiry into his HD, so this is what  Reservation is income, it will be just summary, it will automatically become unwanted change, I don't think it is going to happen anytime, these jobs will become so less and there will be no fan in it, less will also be too much and the day the marriage market will be rejected.  Will say that friend, there is nothing in this job, after that there will be no noise left. I was able to do good in this country because I could not do reservation, hence when I was able to create discussions in 75 years, then I don't know whether he will do it in the next 75, but this is a  It will happen that no one will discuss about it. This noise will not be left. It is slowly disappearing. Are you going to write this thing in yes and no? Thank you very much.