Hello friends, today's topic is if you are in a transferable job, then where should you buy property? Before knowing where to buy, we will answer what should you buy because many of you may be in a government job or a corporate job.  Even if you are transferred, sometimes you come to Hyderabad, sometimes to Pune, sometimes to Bengaluru, sometimes to Gurgaon, sometimes after traveling outside for two-three years. If you are in this kind of system, then there is a video for you all who are in this kind of situation.  In a live situation, give J-videos to your friends and relatives in the circle, because this is a very important question, we will answer it in two parts. First of all, what property should you buy and if you buy it, then you should buy it because you are in a transferable job.  There are normal concepts in this which are said about the influencers on YouTube too, the article Speed ​​of D Fan City, it is said that Indian is normal's friend when you don't even know that you are there. Where will you live and what is the benefit of buying a house there? Do you continue your mutual fund SIPs? You increase your network, increase your portfolio and when you have to buy a house, then buy it. It is said that keep investing in mutual funds, how much to invest, for how long? And having discipline is very rare, date it, and even if he has discipline, you should still buy a house. Now the question is why should you buy, I will tell you and where should you buy.  I will discuss it on why we should buy a house because the debt asset classes are different, what will be the social order of the world after 20 years, what will be the social security, what will happen to us, we cannot come back with certainty, can anyone see the Kovind wali like two years of the life?  This uninsurance policy could be needed only if something goes wrong with the house and you know what goes wrong, only then where does he spend the insurance money, then the house itself is also like debt because your family is a mutual fund.  I don't understand that much, it does n't mean that you should not invest in mutual funds, Bhai Kant, I have a house where I don't stay now, property and rent is going here to pay me and giving me tax benefits and at the same time I am using rent to you.  I rent because you have to travel to different places in the property, so you have to pay rent everywhere, so if your rent is the highest, then you have bought the property in your wife's name.  If your wife is your housewife, then there will be very good tax savings. The rent you are getting is going into your wife's account. If your wife also comes under the taxable category, then perhaps you are bathing in as many tax symbols as you are. Even if you have earned ₹ 100 as rent, the government asks for only ₹ 70, so there you will get rebate there too, so overall your asset will become anywhere you wish, then you can do something else.  The question will come whether you have given your house or the flat or someone has given it, the tenants who came after 20 years, 25 years, they did not leave it like this and you can have that house, now your status has increased a lot, where is that house or  The way it is, it is not worth living as it was bought. Brother, when you buy your dream house somewhere in time, you can sell this asset. At least if you are in this asset class, then take a gold set to your wife. like a  After all the design is gone, your budget was of three tolas, gold is rising, man, the market is rising, in 10 years, gold also gives good returns, we will see in 15 years, if you had left, then the choice was punched, but you took three. Even if you have taken three, it is increasing or you have entered into the asset class by taking Sovereign Gold Bond or Gold Letif, etc. So the date when your children got married, when your daughter's daughter got married, whenever you got married, then perhaps you should praise the cold. You did not leave him in the class. He needed you to attend such class, so you made him remain in such class. Income tax is rebated. Otherwise, your asset is the same in the mutual fund. It is very easy to withdraw the money. Press 2 buttons and on the third day the money is in the account.  A goes and then roams around somewhere and comes back to the house, it is not like this in the house, you can do only these things, so I bought a three-room house, so today I sold the kitchen, today we come back after visiting Switzerland, the day after tomorrow, I want to do it, so I bought a bathroom.  If it doesn't happen then it leads to your savings because people are just looking for returns, there is no doubt that real estate is good, take any period, real estate gives returns in two ways, the first return is capital appreciation.  Second return rental gives 2.75 G 3.5 Hey brother, 3% rent remains in 30 years. Has anyone taken a DDA flat in Janakpuri worth ₹ 300000? 198786 Rs. Meaning of a month is around Rs 3537000, so it is getting 150% retail, 10% also started coming, 34% is ok but over so in years debt cap price inflation, you cannot take such a big asset class just because you cannot keep it in it.  But we should not leave it, so we should take one thing to establish it. Now the question comes, where should we take this important thing? Now we have decided because now you  You will eat, you are a resident of Bihar, I am telling this under a special example, I am not telling anyone who will show any state up or down, okay, now you do not want to go there, you are from Samastipur, you are from RK, you are okay, now you do not want to go there.  You say that I have reached such a level that I have no future there, my children have no future there, it is true, okay, then where are you set, you have to find some city where you have ever lived or may be under employment again. city ​​may be pune  It can be Delhi, Gurgaon, this city can be your Jaipur, this city can be your Lucknow, it can be any city, it can be Bengaluru, it can be Hyderabad, it depends on how comfortable you are, you are Hindi speaking, you like it.  You can go to the North, it is your choice as to where you want to go, but the advantage of taking it there is that you will be a partner in the growth of the city and it is also very important to take it in a place where you can be posted so that  You can stay in your house also for 3 years, if you have postings for 2-3 years or you are left or right in such a corporate, you can also take a longer ending, depending on which department it is, in government department, you stay for 3-4 years, other departments have different system.  If it remains, then the advantage of taking it is that God forbid, if anything ever happens in life, then your family has a right place to live in a right city and a person can start his life again from there if it is absolutely in the air.  They are hanging on mutual funds, what to do after getting out of demat, they will not understand anything, what to buy [music] Now if you already have a place to live, you will leave it on time, if you go to buy a house, you will not lose your job.  Also Give Yourself a Chance I Will Be Able to Retire from My Own One more thing is that what is special about buying a house in a big city is that many situations will arise that if you are transferred to your small town.  If there is a posting then your child and your children and your wife can stay in the city where you have taken her to your house, you can draw all your allowances etc. which you get and then your wife can also do a job, so one you  If you are looking for an anchor solution for yourself, then if you put the anchor somewhere then life will create such a situation that you will be going to a place where children cannot go with you nor can they stay with you. I have given the example of small towns. If you are a resident of Delhi, then normally it is seen that the wives want to take the husband to his maternal home, the husband thinks of taking the husband to his Jha residence whereas he should take him where it is appropriate to take him, the mother for the future group of the family.  -If there is growth in the girl's city, Han Rehana is fine, then if there is growth in the girl's city, then in the boy's, if there is no man in both, then find a new one. These emotions should not be like this.  Brother, I will not live with my in-laws, I will not live either. There is no need to put emotions in it. It is a matter of money because every city and city where the vibes match with your trajectory and your upcoming future, you suck that city.  I am explaining these things very openly and well and samjhaunga if you want to become a platinum member in your real estate course then press the course join button and take platinum membership but this is a  It was a small class in which such kind of considerations can be given and there can be many more, then it becomes a matter of 45 minutes to one hour. I know that much patience, watching 10-12 minute videos on YouTube, it is a lot of patience today.  This Tik Tok and this shot era of Instagram is going on, so if anyone wants to learn how to understand these things, then he can join Real Estate, you will get all the video records in it and also live classes for you to watch later. You will get to join and it will keep going. You can board the boarding bus at any time. It will record to you everything that happened earlier and you will get it in the future. These are very important decision making like in this I am seeing a lot of people's design making going wrong. Many people are like, now what can be all the parts of it which I have not covered, it is okay because it will be too long otherwise how much should I take, take only one and a half crore, 60, 70 lakh or two of 70, 70 lakh. Take it brother, you have a higher standard of living, if the budget is more, then get more budget, get less, how to take it in combination, how much loan should one take, how much is someone's provident fund, how much should someone withdraw from it, how much is not from parents, how much should be arranged in some other way, construction  Take the role of ready in under construction, it will become a long video, but the most important way is that if you are in a job which is transferable, then you must buy a house in the country.  The growth profile is, if you come back, the increment for government people is 3%, it increases a little, overall 4 person number increases from four to 4:30 percent, your calculator, it is increasing by 5%, inflation is going along, okay, so that's your time.  You will come till then and then you will ask where are you, then your status will be here, you will get something equivalent to this status, this status, then it is very difficult to stay in the status.  If you give in, then you will run somewhere else in very small cities, there will be no such people there. Okay, so this was how you guys liked it. Please tell me. If you want to learn in detail, then you will have to join the class again. Thank you.