Hello friends, this is a very interesting topic, where should you invest your retirement corpus, you get a penny on retirement, this video is specifically for government servants, but if there is a government servant in your family, then definitely send it to him, father can also watch it yourself who is a government servant.  No, they will also get an idea in general, investment is not a necessary topic, even if they talk about retirement corps, but it will  Help Everybody So ​​Everybody Should Watch This Government Servant Shoot Definitely What's These 7 Places Where You Should Park Your Mani  The idea of ​​giving broad guidelines is as per 2023, I would advise that I stick to the template.  Because today government officers are in different positions, so here I will put together a group pay officer who is about 30 years old and has done many jobs, he gets a minimum of ₹ 1 crore for retirement and can even get more, how much does he get as PF?  I will not talk about it, it has its own provident fund, some alone can make two-three crores, some may have less, on retirement they get three-four things, government jobs, servants, whatever they are, we give them our journal.  Let me tell you the headings that firstly you get a gratuity of Rs 20 lakhs, the maximum which a government officer will hit is Rs. 1, then you will get live in cash. If the basic is close to ₹ 200000, then he will get Rs 27,2800000. Then there is a competition of pension.  Everyone should do that competition of pension. First of all, this is a topic in itself. If you want me to make a video on this topic sometime, I will make it, but this  If you get approximately 5052 lakhs of committee attention, then reduce it in the big mathematics show. Whoever is getting more, do more tax in this ratio. I am running an example by taking Rs. 1 crore. Everyone knows this much. It is okay on project basis. If you are also a group officer or someone is retiring a little early after a year, then it is possible that he may get a little less but you can do it yourself, so first of all, if you get ₹ 1 crore, you will get it.  So first of all you have to see that it is not a huge amount. First of all, and in this I will also tell you some things which you should not do. So there are seven places where you can put the money. Listen carefully for you under the tablet. Do something equivalent to HDFC, you can have FDB of Rs 10 lakh, it can also be of post office, you can do whatever tax efficient thing can be done in your name like on wife's name, even the money given to wife is not taxed.  feels like  But if the wife has any interest in the money, then she is taxed, so you can do it in a tax efficient way. After that, the second thing that comes is your sovereign gold wants. You can invest in the sovereign gold bonds.  It is ok, it is around 10 lakh rupees, the price of gold is not included in it, there is a period of eight years but it can be withdrawn after 5 years, this is its room regulation, so the end of the gold comes in different trans.  That time, the time government keeps coming out every two-four months, as you come, you can invest in it, whether it is 10 lakhs, HD 10 lakhs, Sovereign Gold Bond, ₹ 1000000, now let's move ahead, you can invest in mutual funds.  Yes, 20 lakhs, now this 20 lakhs is not like you retired first on 31st December, but it was transferred to the next 5th January under the Systematic Transfer Plan.  You have to invest this money in 6 months at a rate of about Rs 3 lakh, now three and half lakh rupees per month and in that you should invest 4 to 5 good screens in mutual funds. If you have not done it yet, otherwise do it now. You can invest in this, it can also be small cap, you can tweet it to yourself, got that 20, diversify the risk, that is the tree of time market, small big losses, that is not in your hands.  It will remain but invest the money slowly and through SIP. Deposit the money in a bank. We also call it Systematic Transfer Plan and that money can be invested like this. There is no need to invest more than that in four-punch mutual fund.  There will be more diversification. Diversification and ORSI will become old, then that is almost done. If you have good knowledge, you can only take professional help from an expert.  You can also invest Rs. 20 lakh in stocks directly. Here you can also select 20 good stocks and put ₹ 1 lakh in each. Again and during the period of five to six months, gradually buy Rs. 10000 in the basket today. Like many people say, keep it small, keep some government, keep some dividend in, whatever you feel like in different sectors.  You can give expert opinion, pick up some finance stocks, pick up some IT stocks, pick up some from FMCG, pick up some from the chemical sector, pick up some automatically, pick up real estate as a base, these are the seven to eight sectors which are there in our economy.  By doing one or two stocks out of them, your target should be one stock from Also, you must help those who are Bail qualified, certified financial planners or any exports. Free will be the best for you, some will take it, it is okay, but debt is not a good thing you do, basically you are making a portfolio.  We are making a balanced portfolio, ok after that you can buy 20 lakh rupees here, I can also help you, in this case you have taken a free estate of 20 lakh rupees, said, which list comes in ₹ 20 lakh Yes, it comes in different prices also, but it is okay if you buy it only for 20 lakhs, now you are getting that ₹ 1 crore, it is better to buy a rental for 20 lakhs. If anyone wants a van BHK in Gurgaon, then it is worth 17 18 19 20 lakhs. I come some you can join me you can whatsapp me van bhk whatever you want to take anyway want to take anyway van bhk you can whatsapp me this you can definitely take this It is very great to see it like this, you will not see such good property but you will see the rental lead, you will see the cash and in this you should make efforts. In this property of Rs 20 lakh, your minimum rent is Rs 12 to 13000, so taking the minimum rent is the only way to create cash flow.  If it is between 12 to 13, it means that the target should be to get a rental of Rs 1.5 lakh per year i.e. 7.5 to 8% starting rental.  Do n't get fooled by the 7% minimum commercial, it is very dangerous in India. Don't know this side of commercial. It is going on a lot of change and date, it has to be taken in residential only because the human child has to sleep somewhere.  How much technology does one use, how much is the app, do n't do shopping, don't do it, do n't go, don't go, but you need a place to sleep at night, you need a bathroom to bathe, you need a kitchen to cook some food. This one will go so if you want to join for Gurgaon then you have to do Van BHK rest if your small town then please go where this student housing and this kind of pgvg this is something like date you can go for it is ok wrong date this is van van  The big thing is that the lower the tickets are, the higher the rental ID is, then next I am giving the example of Gurgaon, here I have 728% people.  Solutions So You Can Get In Touch For Gurgaon Atlist After That We Move Forward That 10 Lakh Sixth Thing 10 Lakh Rupees Debit To Your Self Your Kids And Wife Means This Is Also An Investment You Have Come To Phone After Retirement Let Them Also Full Something, no matter how old your child is, it is okay, give him 2.5 lakhs, give 2.5 lakhs to his wife, give 2.5 lakhs to yourself and if you have another child, then give him 2.5 lakhs.  And tell him whatever you want to do, if you have an iPhone then you have got something, your wife should also like that you gave these 2.5 lakhs to me, whatever you wanted to take, it is okay, everyone has something or the other, and you also take a wardrobe of your own.  Take change, take some shoes, take shoes, take clothes, take time, take phone, 2.5 lakhs is not a great big amount, what will come, but you will get a peace, you will feel that yes, I have retired, I have changed something in my life, okay If you have two and a half, one child, two and a half, another child, two and a half, wife, okay, you should do this much, okay, 100%, after that, you will add the last 10 lakhs left, I will also do Sunrise, the last 10 lakhs, you will add it to your sweeping account.  It happens that if you participate in it, you get five percent, but this is for your learning budget, after retirement, learning is not learning for you breast people, but this is very important for you sometimes.  You have to take a course of 20000 rupees, sometimes of 10000 rupees, sometimes of 5000 rupees, but you have to keep it and you have to target whether it is from 10 lakhs, you want it to be 50 lakhs and only if you have this money, you will learn what to do.  What can you do, I do destruction etc. Practically, if you retire at the age of 60, then go and do some work, I am not a sin.  If it is possible then you should be careful about it, even if it is not possible, it is fine, it is not necessary, I am not saying that you have to do 10 lakhs, but this is a self improvement fund which you have kept in a bank for two years.  I have given it only three taxes of Rs 2 lakh but this fund should always be there, it can be the same sort of an emergency panel also, okay so keep it like this, now let me tell you what things you should be careful about.  Let me quickly summarize it in HD: 10 lakhs in sovereign gold bonds, 10 lakhs in mutual funds, 20 lakhs in stocks, 20 lakhs in real estate, 20 lakhs given to wife, children and loved ones, and the funds you kept for your learning. 10 Lakhs, now what do you not have to do like you will retire, many advisors will come like I am also giving advice but I have no personal relation with you, I am a journal. I am telling a template but one has been seen because I will go to every house, your children know, father will be retiring, money is coming in, your relatives know that he is retiring, money is coming in, your neighbor also knows.  It must be that someone else far and wide will know about it, and nowadays, there is no retirement fund, no bank pension, all that, the whole world, today at least write down all the data, everyone knows it, it is okay and the whole world knows it.  his money is coming in fine  If yes, then big consultants will come in this fact. Nowadays, I have seen that when departments retire, they are given training even before retirement. The template that I am giving you is not much different from this.  Do not lend it to anyone, do not invest it in anyone's business brother, it is not enough that by investing that 12 rupees four van will become your four four van, then my name will be written on it, Firoge, right there  If so, don't do this and it will seem that the consultant will come and give superior advice because whatever advice I have given, there are some opinions in it, this is Monday, it is not something that you did not know before, you must not have been doing it before, I did not tell you anything like this, okay but that  They will bring fancy products, brother, if you do it like this then it will be done, then basically Lakshmi ji has to leave for retirement, whoever comes, you give your team, do what I told you, after that take the advice of advisors.  Whatever money you have invested here, then look at how much advice they give and what else they give. Stay away from advisors because most of the people will comment that if they invest in this venture of mine, if they invest in my house, then take this, take that.  Here you put it like this brother, there is no need to do this to anyone, how close you are, you are a close brother, you are your own children, the letters are your own, your wife's brother, what do you say, it is okay, you are your wife's brother, if you wish, brother-in-law, I do it like this, brother-in-law, it is okay.  It is because what happens is that brother-in-law himself does not come to give advice, wife's brother goes only after learning brother-in-law's advice, that bastard definitely comes to give advice, it is not right to take it, so I am not the only one who knows that you are someone's friend. Don't listen and don't trust me and don't keep saying 'Who am I for these six months? You put your case here, after that look at life and learn life outside. Find out from the government what is where and after that tell me any of these things. Mostly very liquid, so if you need to withdraw money and your conviction will come, then you can do it, I am not agreeing but what I am saying is that in the beginning, think here and then take a long breath, then you will know that there is no money. How should it be put, how should it be put, YouTube, in the beginning there was a hand holding, there will be more videos like this, you can download one of yours, if you can, then listen to the letter, you will release the time table, what do you people want to do, what is this.  So Had to invest the money, that too becomes a matter of big challenge, is n't it right to spend the whole day or just walk, ha ha hu hu, two-three years would have passed after that. I will try to learn the system also, if there is an audience for it, if not, then if not, then please write in the comment section below, thank you.