That Hello friends Twenty-20 ka Aankhen video hai Dawood set and wish you a very-very Happy New Year to all of you, there is a lot of discussion all ready, the new year is coming that where to invest in 2021, big articles have been kept. On this, I have brought 5 things from my side, where to invest and I will also give you a very good bonus to win every thought of investments.  Mostly money comes in our mind, so whenever we talk about what to do, we think about money. Actually investment is only of time and also of emotions, so just talking about money. If you want to invest in 2021 or in your future life, if you do not have a complete picture, then in my own style I will tell you about my five. About Twenty Twenty One, so the first one from my side.  Investment is first. What I will say is that in Invest in Yourself, first of all take care of your mind and body because on a long race horse, neither of these should be yours. Money is a thing that comes and goes.  There are 1.5 crore people who are using different devices but first of all balance yourself, be happy, invest in your relationship, first of all keep your wife calm and happy, this is a big platform. For investment, if your marital life is going well, your married life is going very troubled, then all the stress and ranges will go away in that tomorrow, then you will not have that mindset of investing money in Falcon Ji, then the first thing I want is Invest in Universal.  I would like to have further videos on what to study, which books to read, next year my videos will be on what things should be read because till the age of 18 we keep studying in school and then we  We have to prepare for the competition and then when we get a job, we do not know which are the good books which can make our life better. We keep reading offers and offers, but in this structured country, who should read such a book?  I will make a video on how to study C and how to play the game and it will be a very important video for children. These are two children of 18 to 25 years of age who have a lot of time and do not know what it is. This will help them too, so first.  This is done, the second biggest thing that you have to do with your time is to make a list of all the investments you have made till date, do their calculations, how much money to invest in the mutual fund, whose metals are which and how has it performed. Many people do not come to celebrate the returns of SIP but these days you are quite active in it. Those returns will come out. You check how is the performance till now because in the future, keep checking again and again that I have to do it for Mirchi first.  Check your track record. How was your performance in real estate? How much did you buy? How much did it cost? Related Entries: If you decide to sell your properties, then you will know the nail valuation. At what price the deals are being done. Presenting and not selling is a different thing. How is it both?  What is the Maha Rate? Tell the wife of buyer's mind in that area to call and who will you become the channel to send me the price, the price will come out to be somewhere between them and you will be able to share it with your network10.  All the flats that you will be able to do, enter their value with your acid and do as many liabilities as you have jobs. Out of that, social net result will come and you will come to know that I have started in 2006, it will take one or two days for the candidates, so take it home right here.  If you put the figure in your mind then it will give you a good idea of ​​how much Bhima is earning and then the monthly salary that goes to your home page - including practice. Investments are being made, that is also going to your BF etc., that too in your salary, I am the less protein, I am the one in control, so you check how many months it is, I am giving it to people as a homework because my videos like this are very interesting.  Interesting topics will be discussed in the temple that when I will tell further what will be the value of this back number, for how many months you have been in your ad network and the salary you are getting, this figure will come out in your hand. Your future can be decided that how can you bring forward decision meeting then it will be your second third living kaya if you have 17 to 20 years old properties slide and three percent kya craft 353 fans less rental let come  Amma, whatever I bought 17 years ago, if it is earning less than three percent of what I can buy today, then sell it and remove the exam.  Pandit, your flight in Dwarka is up to 1.5 crores, there are less than 3700 banks, if there is proof of it, then give him peace. If he is not getting the Muslim saying I love my oppression, then he used to bring 10-12 pages. At this time, the man has made videos first.  I will share it in your planning. If you see, this ego is talking about near investment, then it is telling about selling. Hey, when the money comes, then there will be a miss, so long as you don't buy an old house on Diwali.  If you do not make it clear then we will do a new special. We are very interested. Tell me quickly. What have you done with the old investment? You said that you have reached a special level, you should strengthen the base, then the third one of mine is that if the property is 17 to 20 years old.  It is giving less than three percent and if at all it is 10 years, 12 years, 13 years, the property decision went wrong and very few rooms, Italy, it is very bad, then it will be okay to get a haircut, like it.  He says, it is okay that the tuition fees have reduced, you may have spent more time on college, it is not cheap, your work was done and many people could have done it cheaply even in childhood, not much money was spent. Live from the education qualification, if it is not there and take her [ __ ] and watch, this will be my third, fourth, if I am getting this gift, let's give ₹ 2, then this solution is an investment, give 2 lakhs to your wife, we will cut the culture, okay Tubelight  Peace ok now let us tell him especially he said which business told him I don't know it is 2 lakhs we will talk on 1st January 2022 Akbar how much is this what has happened ok then activist you will get every important part put in opener mode  Will you give two-three ideas, very good easy-to-read, today I will make an attraction video from me, I will tell you in the minute, whoever wants to add, can add Rs. 2 lakhs. It's okay, a small business which you can start from anywhere.  You can also do it and there is no tension in it, is it not his job then give both the rupees to five. New Year will come, put something in the wife's life. Look, both the rupees of us put shares in the mutual fund, he got corrected in February, he is old.  If it goes away then it means that too, this extinction will happen and this work of the nerves will also happen. If it goes away then life is not a begum. Give to your being foreigner and Jagannath will be two things. What is one of these.  You may do something to improve your skin and may be a hit business. You may get an ID or something good may happen. You may not do anything. Please definitely oil filter how difficult to earn money. So when you wake up in the morning.  If you come back after earning money by doing a job, then you will shine a little in the eyes of the bike, brother, earning money is not easy, Ayurveda, you are in a mood of trouble in life, 200019, cut a check to your wife and tell him, God, take this and  Do something, okay do something, I can discuss, this will become a discussion point, it is a very good thing with the wife that I will discuss very much, there will be no fight with her because what will be discussed over chakra chai, what business do you want to do, then on this.  Tag: Good removal of obstacles in life and happy life. If there is an ultimatum then do it with you. I have transferred 2 lakh rupees to my wife and about fifth so that you have to calculate one thing. Contact is a unit of return on return. Just this.  Let's start calculating and let's talk about returns today. Appreciation percentage, fifteen percent, how much percentage is there, how much is the pain behind it, how much is the rate, how much sleep does one get at night, how much can one earn for it, I have also written an article on this and that's it. That article is necessary because it will be a matter of 7-8 minutes in them, so you have to calculate one thing in their life that whatever thing I am doing, how easy is it for me to get dead space, isn't this this Might not investigate only words but investment, now is the time, how am I wasting people's time, I promise you, I am running after some promotion which is not even a guarantee, adulteration is not being found in it, is it that I am wishing Happy New Year?  I have to go to someone's house who doesn't want much. It's not like I have to meet someone on Diwali who doesn't want to meet me. I don't want to give it to people like me. Such messages take up my time.  It was just that something good should happen in my life. Quick is distinctive in the soil. Relatives are proud only till I ask. Ok, how much time are you putting in it? Come, I am worried, please buy the vegetable. All is well, but you should spend time in your family.  If it is better, then I have this stick in it which I had promised in the beginning that whether that bonus is different, if we invest properly then life can move forward, that investment is basically of time.  Who are those five people in your life with whom you have maximum interaction? Because drinking the average of these five people will lead to work happiness. The Everest of these five elements is money. These five people will become your money in the long term.  All the stomach ulcer wisdom will be yours, in this way everything, the Everest of these crops, will be yours, who are these five stops, your life is one, there will be a wife, this is not all, whoever is married has a wife.  If there was a discussion with the wife about what is the above mentioned thing then the wife would say that I want this thing, I want that thing and you are the only one who can buy it, it is expensive, no - no, why should she even buy such a thing, the discussion is how we can buy it.  Push wife wants to buy this thing and you are discussing how can we buy, then now the lady's mind starts thinking that all this meanness is not refusing, how has it come, we will go to the house with brother, whenever you are with brother in life. but will go  Neither will you get a lot of welfare in life, so this is a very big thing and the five people that you have chosen carefully are all less intelligent than you and all of them are less money-wise than you.  They do n't give you anything, if you waste your time then your lag will not go anywhere. Then ask how many WhatsApp groups you can join. Brother, yes, you have to invest money, what has to be done, this is what you have to do, not that you have 5 people, these five cloves are very important for you to choose.  A wife is your constant This is vibration, who are the remaining four? One of them may be some books too. Still, if three people are to be chosen then Britain and calculate the time invested. You guys, the time taken in the video is 10 11 12 minutes and it is also your time.  What kind of investment is mine, that's what I mean is that here and ti roti which I talk about, I should keep giving good things to you people and make further and interesting things so that I can make your shirt process straight in a straight line.  Instead of giving them ready-made answers to everything, if we get the process right, understand the things, write them down and understand the thought process, then we can go ahead in life and I am giving this small summary of what I have here.  Till now videos of Guru Dutt's Hui Thi Pyaar Tha are connected, many people do not understand that when it came out, it is a classic by going to the butt bar, one of my videos is Money Minded C, its video number is 3, so those who are connected till now.  whom full video  Give that video again to Liya, there are many secrets hidden in it, she thought that it was my Guru Dutt's money, it melted, that video was not a hit, Baba's video is very good, some of my old videos are very good, but that one MMS.  Video number three of Money Minded series is the one who understood that all this Zen Estilo is hidden inside him. In this effort of tourism, you can connect with me and ask on WhatsApp.