Hello friends, today's topic is Demographics of People and Buying Property in Gurgaon. Who are the people buying property in Gurgaon? Today I will tell you about it. If 10 people are buying property in Gurgaon, then five of them are from Delhi.  There are five people, one is from Delhi, one is an NRI brother, one is from Haryana, one is from India, one is from somewhere else, he is an energy brother, his is fine, the money is from India, many people are investing in it, there is a queue in the US  It seems that there are some people from Canada and European countries also, maximum of them are people from Haryana. Okay, so 5 Delhi is the only slogan left behind. Out of 10, I am telling you that there are two people who live inside Gurgaon and many more.  They have been living here for a year and now they have money. These two could be from anywhere. Their work is business or job. These are two people from Gurgaon who are buying property. They have become hot. The ninth person is the only one who is somewhere in Haryana.  The person living is Rohtak, Hisar, meanwhile, it may be Fatehabad, Jind, Kaithal, Narnaul, Mahendragarh in Haryana, this is less, according to me, this ratio is only this much but it is less, that is why I want to tell all the people of Haryana, your city is Gurgaon, you are like Mumbai again.  It will become like when it was yours, you will feel cheated like him, you did not tell us what was happening here, then he will feel big that if he gives us something, then we will get special treatment, HR is HR, the car number is Haryana, we are us.  People of Haryana, I am telling you about this right now, this is your state, this is a thing of your state, you should take it, if you want a detailed video on this, then please write to HR of Haryana people, if you are from Haryana, so that I can tell you who, what, how.  Why should you buy it if you live anywhere in Haryana, I am an alien, you are from Haryana, write the HR, then I will tell you openly that why you are buying this in Rohtak, Jind, Hisar, it is very foolish, why are you investing money by living in an already owned one?  If you want to put a stupid mark, then there is a separate mark from one and a half and then the last one that is tied is the one who has lived somewhere outside but he has the burden of living anywhere, this is not all, it is from Punjab, it is from UP, it is from any place in the country and that is it.  Whether he wants to come here and buy a house or his child's job, he knows here, he has to buy a house for his child, that means he is a person from outside the Indian States, it is okay, then you tell him, Samrat, which of the 10 properties which are coming now.  There are five of them in the market  The people of Delhi are taking it, an NRI is taking it, the people living in Gurgaon are already there, they have been living there for many years, their protest happened today, they got the money, they understood that they should take it, so these are the two people.  One Haryana resident of yours is from different district and one is from our house who is taking it. They also have a particular choice. Delhiites like something where it is available in some other way and the rate people like something different.  so that one  Need a house and interesting because also which one has been told, 10 properties are being sold, there are 10 properties in the show, there are plots, there are flights, from premium flight to ultra premium flight, there are Deendayal's plots, there are affordable housing, I have not covered it in this, if you want that. I told you to buy laptop from Dell because it is a different segment, there are many inverters and it is quite mixed and knowing it is not that easy and the ticket price is very low, so whatever I told you one thing this this  Back to Properties Affordable Dewar Dena Double Butter Dard Lena Possible also if you look at the types then we will cut sa types and if we look at the price point budget points then there are many different types of budget points okay so if on that also you would like that that  Tell me if you are taking a contract in your heart then I will tell you what the people of Haryana are taking. There is no need to tell and explain to the people of Delhi what should be taken and what should be done. The people of Delhi are the smartest and intelligent people in India. Okay, what should they do to them?  There is a need to tell something that brother, you should not eat cashew nuts, eat figs, eat Imarti, neither do they know about school, but you have to catch hold of the rest of the people and tell them, so I am going to tell the catch to my people from Haryana, it is okay in brotherhood. That brother, this lace is fine and take it on time, otherwise it will keep roaming again later, get it in Omex City, I want to take it in Max, I took the big one in Rohtak, Sun City, this much is enough for me, that much is enough for the people of Rohtak.  Play in a separate message send. No matter how much you have got from the cold, my brothers, you are not going to Switzerland, still you will have to grind the grind of money and grind of job. Okay, Ajuddhi, you are still not getting it. Okay, so all the eggs.  Don't put your own rates in Rohtak, I do n't know how many have been done, it is okay when the ancestors are eating, this is the candidate husband, the button is okay, now they are dying equally, the dish is good.  Like in this saliva and in Ho Tak, the rate has been taken to level, the rate will not fall in Rohtak because brother will not sell for less than what he took it for, how many years will it take, okay but look at this, okay, then it will be made for HR people also.  I will tell you very tainted, I will tell you honestly, it does not work on everyone, it works on some people, on whom it works, that I am addressing them and which demography is taking what, if you want a video on this, it can be made on anyone. thank you a