Hello friends, this is a very interesting topic, it may sound very honorific, but Lord, if you do a little bit of thinking then you will enjoy the topic, who will help you, that is, in what, is anything good, and Indian who spends so much of his time.  We are wasting that time which will be saved because if you look at the human beings for thousands of years then we being social animals, we used to live in such a system that earlier we had to live very closely in the society, we had to be social because if our  If the water was cut off then there was no survival because if I take a man, some animal will attack, some other community will attack, some more attack will come, so if you do not confirm the social notes of the group, then now you have no chances of survival, then they will attack each other.  There was a lot of technology given, which is called the environment of brotherhood, there was a lot of brotherhood, if the invaders were there, now it was 200, 300 years ago, thousands of years ago, it was of a different kind, brother, that fire.  If something else has happened then it was necessary but in today's times like 2023, I want to give a perspective to the people here, don't think that I am telling you this is selfish. Be this, be this, I am saying this to be practical, you have to understand that we live in many different places, are ready to sycophant many people, are ready to network, are ready to do good even in relations, whatever our relative is doing well. which will happen  You must have reached something in life, you must be a friend or an acquaintance with him, we think that we will do networking like this, if we get to know each other, then it will be less for me because I had caught the topic, right, I am on the topic itself.  Who will help you, ultimately you have to see that because you invest your resources, time and money there, you have to understand that if that person has reached here then why will this person help you, just because he is from your village or from your community, it is very simplistic.  It will become a way of thinking and you expect it to help you in the thing that when it will help, it will be a very simple stick and new thinking will put you to work, remember the system in which every person of your child is sitting. Don't stop playing cards, limited is the life line which Amitabh Bachchan ji says in Kaun Banega Crorepati, that limited is three or four, even if he has it, he will do it for someone of his own. Are you his own? Do you think you are his own but what?  He thinks you are his own  So this is what this is, this is the conflict, we have 100, 150 friends, in a way we have become friends with relatives and it takes effort, you know, no friend remains like this, the relative does not say Namaste, it takes effort not to say Namaste. Ultimately the one you will need will not be there because they will not be there because something else will be going on in their life and then you are setting yourself up for a sense of disappointment in that. Even if the video gets a little long, watch it with patience because the concept is original content and by taking 15 minutes of your life, it has the potential to save 15 thousand hours of your life and period and next 30 40 50 thousand 50 years depending on your age, what is Jugaad.  Sitting fit and thinking everywhere in the office, the one whom you are respecting, the one you are flattering, the one on whom you have the understanding.  Hey, he is not going to tell you, don't do it friend, I am not going to do anything, there are very few people who will say directly that I know, you are doing nothing much, they will say brother, I am telling you what I have heard with my own ears, leave this thing brother. Even if they get a job here and there, these days go to the side there, apply for it, there is always an exam, it was good, it was okay, they would have done it as soon as the daughter-in-law was changed, so these days it is like going, you will be our date.  This is a thing I have heard from my ears, it happened in my respect state also in Haryana and then let's meet the date person, he will get the contract for him, he will say ok, because you have, you do this, go on the site, if you go there like this, then you will say brother, you are a minister.  This conversation is taking place with a minister's statement and people will not tell that when you go, you will know that it is always someone, your IAS officer, a PCS officer, a policeman, an income tax person, a government person.  An employee, a rich person, a corporate person, a minister, an MLA, a Sarpanch, something like this, no one will say anything like this now, because do you know how many ads come out for this and they show such photos as if you don't know these people?  Have done and what they can manage okay and I don't know what dear sitting on brother de we de countries being made na and there is this van person I think it can you know who  Debt person, this heaven is happening and we are not releasing any double, nothing will be left out, Ayurve Understand there was a time when passport, how did you know, what was required to open a bank account in the country, everything will be done in such a way that someone  There is no need to save anything, only technology will do it. You do not need to say hello to anyone, there is no need to flatter anyone, but these people will never tell you what is being taken from their hands, only you will realize.  And if any calamity comes in your life then it is your immediate family who will help you immediately, meaning such blood relation, absolutely means the people whose address is there on the Aadhar card, only those people will help you - father, mother, wife, mother-in-law, father-in-law, okay, add.  Your wife's siblings, your siblings, your children, apart from these 10, 15, 20 people, there is no need to work as a knife worker anywhere else, this is what I am telling you and do sycophancy to only these people along with your father-in-law.  Do sycophancy to your parents, do it to your elder brothers, sisters, younger brothers and sisters, do n't do it only for them, do not do your best, if anyone has to do it then do it for your wife, because till the day she dies, she will not get less money than her body.  He will promote you, then what will you reach after promotion? Increment will be charged by the government. 16 12 increments have been lost. They are engaged in making jugaad in the name of equality. They keep sitting on the same post. Practical brother, from outside it means someone.  The knowledge is not stolen, it is not available anywhere on many YouTubes, that is why I am saying please subscribe and watch the rest also, waste it, I see people wasting time, learn something new yourself brother, do n't have to do anyone's jugaad and do direct jugaad.  Go and visit the hospitals and visit the doctors. Since it is right, instead of consulting a relative, I will call him and he will set my settings with this relative and this doctor with me. Set the settings directly with the doctor, brother.  Sir, you seem like a good doctor to me because I have seen it like this, so why are you coming to me, because one day if I fall ill, you will take care of me because I will be your sycophant, do it directly with the doctor, or that doctor will keep calling.  Hey, the doctor also likes it, doesn't it feel good directly to the person who is being treated or is it my feeling towards him, set your direct everywhere, bypass the people who are on so called positions of power and authority, if you want a small job in the government.  less space Ultimately, if you want to reduce Patwari and are at a level slightly above that, then stop making rounds of those in power. There is nothing wrong with them. I am telling this only in a practical way. If you want to reduce it in any office, then do whatever you want.  And it has to be only with the people of D level. You feel that the people of A are going to suffer huge consequences. I know, so what nonsense are you talking about us, power loss is like this, has n't the government made any city cross  to do So, when you have to go from Delhi to Hisar, will you go through the grain market of Rohtak, it has been created by the government, I am telling all of you who will help you really, so in whatever matter you need, go for the real thing, children. I am telling this to those who have had their hearts broken by doing this, then write in the comment section what is your experience.  no one is mine Leaving alone in life, I am bringing a platform here, I belong to this group, 10000 people will see this video of mine, at least this many people see my 20-50 thousand, even ₹ 1 lakh is okay, but only so many people see it. Have you seen it?  Brother, go and watch all the videos and write that you have been absolutely right in it. When it was necessary, you do everything, so why waste time with those people. Don't waste time with all the people I have told in this video. Name them.  Some?  They don't have the country, it is becoming like this that no one has anything and whoever wants to do it, join hands with him directly, it is better that you do my operation, Doctor Saheb, why are you fitting this direct jugaad?  There is no need to do that, do that, do that, it is a waste of time, it is better that you buy an insurance policy, buy medical insurance, all these things are useless networks, some day now I will tell you how many WhatsApp groups are there on which people think that  this is mine  Friends, if there is a statement then I will go, the government will give it, will there be any benefit, will it happen someday, happy anniversary, happy birthday, this whole thing is so artificial, a group has been created in it, one person wishes happy birthday to one person and everyone in the group has to do the same and  The one who doesn't do it is seen as the one who didn't do it because of this, these two don't get along, why can't you do it in private, the first man has given the team, it makes sense that brother, happy birthday Rohit, if it's okay then happy.  Birthday Rohit Together, rest can call Rohit directly, why does everyone have to register their princess, they are living in pretense, friend, we are wasting all our time, join 500 groups, get 500 very high level connections.  Help someone, kill yourself, if you want to see heaven, then show the ability to help yourself and if you are in such a position, then tell him another big message through this.  Brother, I am not going to do it, it is not in my power, there is nothing for me, do your job comfortably, I have seen many IAS officers under stress because in actual they are not able to do less or more and they get a lot of frustration and when I say the name of IAS  I take everybody because he is from the top, so how will others be able to do so, tell me, he will say, you passed the exam, I was so happy that I became a celebrity, I thought I didn't know, han man, all that. It was nonsense, you will start telling me that there is no such thing as seizures, there is nothing like crazy people, why do n't you tell me why it is hurting you, I am telling you why I did not mention the names of all the people, is it difficult for you now?  Brother, you will say again, what is Sarpanch, what is MLA, what is MP, your fraud is nothing, otherwise the practice has been the same in the country. Earlier, the whole system was the same as today and even 10-15 years ago.  Used to run on Jugaad, if you are not known then in India, it means in India, very few people knew, no one had any complaint, people were not crying because of this, they used to say, what is the use of doing Jugaad by getting it done, caste, community creed, village brotherhood.  The department was breaking hands and legs, all these tricks were used to influence the politics of infection, that if it became ours, it would take care of us, it would take care of everyone and there would be no direct wire connection. This is very good, it is not just frustration, it is training, whatever good will happen to everyone, it will be the system, someone will have his own, no, we have only one habit, no, to jump to India, I have given my map to pass.  You should pass in 21 days, I take it from some department, I want it in 10 days, brother, do it, brother, take this, brother, take this because we don't have patience, the time written everywhere is 5 days.  You will get this in 10 days, you will get half of the things, the way the government is running the self fitness stations in Gurgaon Haryana, earlier they used to do the same on salary, now all these architects will pass your work, the government is running in this direction. Our country is moving in a very good direction but you have to look at the direction and now you have to stop giving sentiments, then it is better to say it because the people to whom you are giving sentiments should come and grow up knowledgeable, you should understand this.  Are you someone like me, do you have to fulfill some duty? Am I doing the right duty? Am I telling you in the right direction? Those of you who are affected by someone are not getting distracted. Is it okay? I hope because of this, look in your head too.  Headache is there if you are an officer it is collected date you don't get in all this you just say date go by the procedure then you because I am telling you are getting very worried man people officers are also so recommended there are so many callers  To whom he said, his own parents call him, do this, do that, fit the jugaad of that, pay his tax, he is worried, friend, he is also a human being, he also has to cook food in the house, he has to cook the food, he has to wash it. Children are a jugaad, he ca n't live as your call center. Okay, this is a problem. Now solve my relative's problem. Better, he will say. Solve my relative's problem. Then he will say.  This department sees that you solve my relative's problem, you cannot do less, more is right, less is bound to happen, otherwise what is the need for recommendation? For less, there is no need for any recommendation.  There is one less legitimate lock but two locks on the front, so what is the need of recommendation in that, as people come like this, ours is absolutely less, just tell us so that we can get there, give us some tea, why is it needed in any of your offices, brother? go wait according to a procedure  And do yours, and if there is any problem in doing the right thing, then ask your officer, what is the procedure, how to file an RTI, how to file a complaint, there is less window, what does email mean, what to do, ask that, Sunny must be involved in all this jugaad. Whatever time you are wasting in learning the department, people should spend it in learning the procedure, then next time you will not need a recommendation and there is no need to waste time. How did I meet you?  I was able to send a message to you guys, please tell me that you want such videos which are connected to the ground, which liberate your time, and where you are busy trying to get fools, no, no, brother, if you say, then it should be like this, but  This does not happen in reality, perhaps I will not be able to be in any province, he may be 4 years or 2 years behind some other person, maybe somewhere he may be running on Jugaad only, but the question is for you to see. Still the question to ask is why will he help you? What is the benefit to him? You have to see your level, what capability you have, what right do you have to do anything less than that? Man, Jugaad also has to be done and it seems that there are many statuses.  I think it will take time to improve India, many states will see a lot of improvement in a year, but in the coming time, even if you have Jugaad, that Jugaad will take some trouble for you. Have you ever asked yourself a question, what is the attraction in you? No no, we love you very much, we respect you very much, we have always respected you, what happens with this, if it doesn't happen, then why did we respect you, don't do this, this is what I am telling you, this is what I am telling you, don't do three or four, but are roaming around.  They do not open those call centers of yours every day and sit there to help. Someone of their close acquaintance or blood relation will take some trouble for them. For everyone else, then there is another set. Do you know which system is that? Okay, so B.  Prac Matic is also practical  Again and again I am making the people of our country practical through the channel, it is good, it is bad, it is good, don't put it in chakkaron, be practical, you stop wasting your time, please like this D message and liked the video.  Till now you guys subscribe my channel thank you