Hello friends, is the person living in a house worth eight crores rich? Is the one living in a house worth three and a half crores rich? If this is the question, then everyone will say to you, what are you talking about, is the one living in a house worth eight crores rich? So yes, welcome to part of Protein of My Delhi.  Versus Gurgaon series is a very good play list, your video has been shot, please send it to the people, if you have not seen it then definitely watch it. There are very good videos of Potli Baba on different topics like cost of living infrastructure in different ways. You must watch it and enjoy whatever you watch. A question is: Yes, a person living in a house worth three crores in Gurgaon, a person living in an ultra premium society on a flight, is considered more rich in the society. Somewhere within 150 yards of vegetation in Delhi. I am a person living on the 32nd floor of the plot, this is iron, the speed of Delhi people will be discussed, the plot is Gujarat of Rs 56 lakh, the rate of the plot itself is Rs 78 crore, the house is already built, he has no courage that the builder will demolish or build.  So the alum is staying basic leaves and are living there, a tenant is living in one 22 23 24 Apparent is coming, so now their next generation works in Dubo, they have to show this video, those villagers have to enjoy like the rest of the city  Those who want to sell their extra flat, you will see that by selling it worth eight crores, you can live in a luxurious flat worth Rs. 13 crores in Gurgaon, which will also be appreciated.  5 will go towards 6 crores because that eight crore thing of yours in Rajendra Nagar is worth Rs.  Or a meeting with only a few people, that thing is not going to be doubled in the next five-six years in Delhi with four-five yaar ka lattes, floor bars are being held in Four Shores and Gurgaon, so who do you want to take from that money of yours? Not  Only you will live in a good place, with the child's Rs 5 crore, you will make another excellent portfolio of real estate in which 180 floors will be on purchase but there will be a slide of Rs 1 crore 10 lakh, in some project some affordable housing will be of Rs 30 lakh, somewhere this chhutku You will not be able to pick up the plot of Mute. If you can pick up thousands of residents of Jhansi, then you can take that 5c property by automatically doing five different types of geographical diversification. They will have their own decision because if you are living in a house worth 81 crores in Delhi, dear people of Delhi and you need 50 lakhs, then you cannot sell your room, you will keep 50 lakhs and to fulfill the need of 50 lakhs, you will buy one crore.  A house worth eight crores is not sold to meet the tax needs, but if you apply this formula, then you can dispose off any of the 5-6 small properties you have bought in it, if needed. Plus the rental income of those five will be much more alive if you are getting from White House current reservation, then it may be that son and daughter-in-law are living in the floor above and there is only one more floor, remember, deployed two more floors.  If you have one then the rent there is Rs.30000, here you will get separate portfolio of books, here the rent is your question, I can go up to Rs. 1.5 lakh, all the properties, its combined, you will get minimum, at best, one printer.  You can get benefit of Rs. Plus if you plant these small plants, they will double themselves, then the thing which was made for 70-80 lakhs here will be worth Rs. 135, 140 to 150 in the next five to six years. Yours is not going to reach Rs. 80 crores.  You have to see this, brothers and sisters, 2018, hold something like this, hold it by the face, make the floor, send it to the builder, call the operation, do something, Class 8 notes will be solved by adding and adding.  You will find it again in the sack and then you will not understand what to do with it, so you will see what entry is coming in your neighborhood of quality of life, what is changing, loneliness is increasing in what was the original locality.  The original was growing, the original entry was the original community, the people living in the original place, one language, a thought process, fixed, are they changing? You have to monitor all the people of Delhi.  Because the people of Delhi are monitoring all this, it is not that what I am saying is not understood, everyone is understanding it but what they are not able to understand is that what more can we get by doing this because the facilities there are not available for your art CR. Even after going out, people still forward the metro to the facility, you do n't think that I can go in a Fortuner with the driver, Vikas Money, how Guru, how increase the receiver, which I told you, 1.25 lakh, 1.5 lakh rental is yours.  If you get extra money, it will increase your quality of life. From the point of view of your life, if you are 30-35 years old, you still have 30-35 years left in your life and in the coming time, you will need money. You can also say this in your  I will come to the next generation too and if they bring something worth Rs. 10 crore then you reverse mortgage it to us. Such a system is not ingrained in the Indian family that I will not reverse mortgage it to you or even with the bank. So in this era, it will be decided.  No witch place, in this way, it is so wise for you people to write on the comment section that you agree with it. These would be all the people who live in old Delhi, all Delhi is Delhi but the food is ready, now you have to see which entry.  Do you want to go, I simply asked, become rich, do it, it should look and be worth 28 crores, what is the use of that valuation of 8 crores, it looks and doesn't seem that all such people are worth 786 crores.  Everyone is roaming around with the same thing, everyone is getting up, then get free electricity, get free water, look for Mohalla Clinic, if you search for this one worth seven to eight crores, then it is famous that the second 20 is deserved, this is for the people of very lower class. You may not live in Delhi for this thing, but if you come to know about this kind of politics there, then the number of people using such things will keep on increasing and in the coming two-four-five years you will be in this forest too.  After Ko Ne Delhi, you will feel that you can no longer you can know when everything comes 2012 buy your rate 9 crore property you have to tell video Delhi wala that fold time property in these measures property and will be normal person coming from Maharashtra and Gujarat in Delhi and bought it by taking loan and not only from outside but also bought the property of big servants in Delhi Sub Screen Lakh 1 room room room 160 subscribe  140, on the 40th of the house, spend three relation minutes on a floor in the middle of it, right there, right there, a bathroom, anything in the mind, there may be sun, there may be in the gas chambers, just and the way the kitchen is studying, it is not doing. You tell me, this will be a Goriya, it is a different level, I told him that changes were taking place, but there are very different areas in Delhi where the original middle class people, which I used to be in Lutyens,  Don't talk about Delhi South Gaya due to which your Iwan, your Pritampur Iwan, Rohini, many types of Iwan are being built on the Rohini side, so the rates of the plots there had increased, one more thing, no one is going to build a house there because they are saying that here  I'm We Are Not Comfortable With The Kind Of People That Will Not Associate That I'm not talking about Klaus Toe Arrest and Pim and all that, just talking about real estate and all these things in real estate that make a difference that my  Who are the neighbours, which people are coming, how comfortable do I feel, how much do I feel, how much is my sense of belonging, all these things matter a lot in real estate, so tell me Delhiites.  All you are, what is your thought process now that you are moving in this direction, there are many people who will not go to their parents in their lifetime, so you have to give them these stars to say that Jai Delhi is fine, they have no one.  If you don't have a choice then it's okay to say so, but those who have a choice, understand the colors of jeans or can explain to your friends by watching this video that please every 3 months, now the value of the property is increasing Shankar and what? Buyers are decreasing, I am not feeling it, I am not feeling it, what are the rates at other places, because ultimately the rates of Gurgaon have to be taken to 50% of the rates of Delhi, even if there is no holiday in the top playlist, then there is a place in the list.  Even after that, it means you will be able to have very good food here and the rates are not increasing as much as you would here. This is also a fact. Your check is over and the rental is not increasing because the paint paste is not increasing.  Entry is not changing High Printer Prestige Entries not moving into Delhi Delhi People RS Tricks Kunwar Sa Ki and its Reflection Lifestyle Also So who is of your level in Gurgaon for three to four crores and this is Hi-Fi who is a salaried person as well as Amla  Because he buys the area of ​​a flat worth Rs. 3 crores in Gurgaon from another medium, he does not take the down payment of Rs. 80 lakhs by selling his shop or father's property.  He takes a loan of Rs. 2 crore 20 lakhs, his wife dies, his 2 lakhs are ours, those are four lakhs of ours, this is profiling and this is the profile, do sexual entry like that and is it not good or bad at all, don't do it. But I am saying that he feels like Raees in three crores. When you approach him, it feels like he is going to you. Your pimp is under protection. All the frills before getting your OTP, complete security, CCTV cameras.  Your swimming pool is a wonderful program to beat old age. That program is a complete program against Muslims. Talk to people. If you have your own system, is she shooting me? Is she asking you to leave the garland? Not today but it will take 10 years because in that locality.  The number of people you know in that street of 30-40 years old is decreasing every year and by the 1st you will not recognize yourself. For example, if you are living on a 160 yard plot. So you are an entry of eight crores but next to you they have floors on floors, so the people coming next to you are now a party worth Rs. 1.5 crores, they are coming fast because yours is four and the whole is there and at many places it is 160 yards.  This is the reason why he is coming, who was he, he opened his mouth from here, must have left from there, he must have done it, it is also getting very late, let me see the Chalisa happening in this yard at Assi Ghat, I have told you all in Delhi, if so  isn't it so difficult Why is Adhara not interested in strike but in favor of money? It is not that no one is doing this by taking a plot of 210 yards next to it and making it connected. Why is it not in Hindi? That Shihore is the poet of radio activity introduction on Nov 10, 2011.  It's been this week, you people used to do this flat, that off-mic system is coming from the whole Delhi half side of the Sangh. Who in that cycle will take the decision quickly and get his position properly set, he will get that money.  Will earn in the wards otherwise after two-three-four years here also the rates will become good, meaning it will seem that by selling your assets of different types, you can earn so much here, then after five years there will be a reduction here by selling this seat. This message will come that yes, everything is growing rapidly, the system here has become frozen, in Delhi only a person from Delhi is buying it by selling his property in Delhi, that he sold his property somewhere and bought his property somewhere else.  He took what he thought was right. While selling in Pritampura, he took it in Kirti Nagar. You went to Uttarakhand by selling something in Kirti Nagar and you took something in Naraina, somewhere else, you thought it was okay, then plant the story accordingly but.  She has been roaming in Jaipuria in Delhi among herself for many days. One day this music will stop in the system. Then one day the music will be stopped. Then, when people sell it and go out and buy it again, the trigger of the cycle is that I  Sold, bought in this, sold in this and that, when people start going out, then the cycle loot will not be complete, because there is only one on this, people will be left with parcels, Edward * handover, then ultimately it's my friend, why should I buy for 10 crores, how great is this?  It is being found here that this story seems to be going left like this, if you people agree to it, then whatever you see, now people are saying what is the audience beautiful then please agree.  Write it down and if you grease the dish, write a line like a dictionary, if you disagree with any part, it will be a learning experience for me. Loot WhatsApp.