Hello friends, today's topic is going to be a thriller, it is going to be a little comedy, it is going to be very interesting, every person in every family in the society who watches YouTube in India has to watch this video, it is such a good video, now you will make it viral or not.  It will be fun to put it in your hands, spread it as much as you can because this video will go up by 10 places in the happiness index of India if it is shared because the biggest cause of sadness is the distress at home and who is the real villain of that distress?  Is  This topic is who is the real villain of the trouble in the house? I am telling here according to the way this family is run in India. There will be many of our actors and those people in it and this is a thriller movie like in many movies, who is the murderer right? So who is inside this and that if we make the society understand this thing then we are going to enjoy, okay see the women, see the married women, see the parents, see the children, see those who are going to get married, see those who have got married, see all the people.  There are applications for everything  For people, the members in the family, you know who are the parents, then the daughter-in-law, then the sons, then their children, then the stability is of different types, okay, the trouble comes at every level, normally two Kulpreet Kulpreet, I will take the word of the suspects because it is a thriller.  If I am making it up then don't feel bad. Normally, the way the troubles are shown in the society, two people are held responsible for the troubles at home. Depending on who you are, which party you are, one is the daughter-in-law. Okay, so if you are elderly then you will say that she tore out her eyes or our daughter-in-law has spoiled our son's mind. Yes, we had a very good family. If you are this and if you are this generation, then this is the next generation girl.  If you are the one or are like that, then you will say that her mother-in-law is bad, she did not let her live, then I will start by telling you that both of them are not at fault, the real Kulpreet is someone else, now it was fun, if you have gasped at this stage, then watch the video in general.  If you pause and write then that  Who is there inside the house, the stake of generation is there, the son is the man, the father is also the daughter, the man is the father also, these days our boys and girls are getting married, their marriage is not going on as per Pathani, which means their engine horse power is also less.  I am no longer able to control myself and layers on top are not long before. You must have seen my video of The Primer Consultation, my newly launched Marital Series, I Hope in Marriage Matters. I hope you are enjoying it. Today we will discuss about the house.  Chief, now you tell me how will I prove, someone else turns out that this video is taking him towards a thriller, although I told the answer earlier but now I will explain it to you people, in India, especially in North India, the boy's man is like this.  It is shown in front of the boy or even in front of the society and you people also write a lot in the comment section that the boy's man has made a lot of sacrifices. Okay, she is very upset and if this thing is told, then what is there in this?  He is a son, he has to ask his father, Papa, what did you do to your mother, why did you have to suffer so much from them, you are great, right, your man, oh no, why did you and grandmother do such a thing, why did you talk about me, why did you give the syllabus?  Told that a woman of 65 years of age and 63 years of age lives in Australia and if she doesn't even see her husband or son, what kind of rudeness is she saying, Mom, you are coming, Dad.  I will take water myself to give it to my father. My husband is teaching me not to serve him. When this husband, who is the main one in the house, sees this, his mother-in-law's husband i.e. father-in-law's throne starts shaking, like Indraji. He speaks, he remains silent, he does not speak, he was very smart, that father-in-law, even when he was a son, he would remain silent when he would have to woo his parents for his wife and is selfish. This is the story of the selfish generation.  This is the story of the father-in-law. He has ruined the entire system of India, North India, he has taken all the pleasures from all sides and has put the woman in front who is the mother-in-law, everything is there.  The wife should see that the boy is turning out well, you should see it and quietly goes away and she would say bye bye bye bye, she would breathe, she would not have enough courage to answer her husband, why have you ruined my life? what did she do to him  He doesn't say that if it is yours then what to do with it, he is not questioned, the father-in- law has to question the people, the society has to question the daughter-in-law, the son has to question the brother and he has to ask and tell that no, it was not your duty to do so much.  You did it and see how your body is today. If you are listening to my video and it is your mother or mother-in-law or yourself and you are 60, look at the condition of your body. Rakhi, how did you do it, Madonna?  Yes, she still dances at this age, now you want the next generation, she is not going to do it, so why are we mad, what have we done, Han ji, when have you been made crazy, Han ji, that mother-in-law who is listening to me, your husband  And the society has made you crazy and the next generation will not be formed and you have to cry in this witness, you have to get arthritis, you have to get osteoarthritis, you have to get poisoned to have mental issues and you have to go into depression, then you go or you can accept this thing.  After doing this, ask questions to your husband that you are retired, old man, when will you stop giving money to me, then you will say that it is good that he does not get it, that is why Anti is saying that maybe someone else may get it and he can tell that to him, we are the topic of discussion.  If you don't put it then I have to put it on my father-in-law. Nothing can happen without father-in-law's consent, but it is shown that mother-in-law has control over women. Since when has this much power been given to women in India? Women will decide in the future. If women had been given this much power, then women would have become so powerful.  She does n't get bitter these days; the bitterness of that mother-in-law comes out on the daughter-in-law because she is the punching bag because you have to make your own story. Boy, we are my wife, we cannot be bad, our family is very sexy and ideal. Something was going wrong in our house. Our love has been spoiled. There was a lot of love between the parents. Why do so many parents want to keep their son in the house? Today I am telling a secret because in my  Those videos have become a big hit and are popular in the society.  Regulation is coming to the son and daughter-in-law, this is the video, you all must have seen it, otherwise see it, why should one not live, that is why they want to live, if the son and daughter-in-law will not live in the parents' house, then the parents will not be able to live together, boy.  There is so much toxicity, they are available only to rich people because they have to show hypocrisy in front of the daughter-in-law that we are very ideal, to hang them on her, this is telling the truth of life, the mother-in-law will ask her, basically, on whose support I am living now.  each other  I do n't have any connection Pickup other 60 plus couple in North India 100 Get it 90 out of 100 have zero chemistry This is a very deep video Big trolling and rolling can also happen but you have to show courage brother to bat someone  Many a times, 20-20 type, otherwise the society will be out. Unhappy married life of in-laws. Taxi was not even of good quality, that's why the mother-in-law there, who is the mother-in-law of the boy and  She is the girl's man and she also keeps teaching the girl to do it like this, do it like that, you tighten it like this, hey, let them live, fight with your mind, daughter-in-law, your daughter has to do something, she has to serve your son-in-law, this is how to live.  Why do you make ideals, then do n't do anything, this boy's man says you will do everything, the girl's man says you do n't do anything, your cat will be killed, my illness will kill everyone else, you kill her on the contrary, this is in conflict.  Two, you have made wrestlers stand, marriage is like a wrestling match but here you have made me crazy by [ __ ] on [ __ ] on [ __ ] on from behind. You are filling both your keys. The girl's man is filling the girl and the boy's man says so.  Yes son, you are there, take it, I will deal with it, I will see how you bind your century, you are a son, the king is a son, so here she is standing straight, here she is not without everything, it is the one who is the father in whose house. all  Antics are happening, I can give you a start up call, because which mouth will you give a start up call to, you will turn your wife and show the history of 40 years and 35 years, your sister used to come, your sister's children used to come, they used to come to yours.  I used to do everything for them, I used to wash their clothes too, I used to do this also for your man, let's say for your sister too, what about your brother, what about your father, if she will drive me crazy then this Dhritarashtra has become corrupt.  It has been done and this is Kulpreet who is the biggest but the solution is that this person has to accept this, he has to tell this thing, he has to bring the daughter-in-law on board and discuss how the society is changing and the mother-in-law he has.  She is very respectable, it is her bitterness, only her husband will prove to be a witness because it is given to her or by her family, this new bride has come, what has she done, what has she not done, this is the punching vacuum that the society is creating for her. No, this has already been prepared, like if ragging is going to happen in a college, then this is the first hyperactive that this will happen with me, section 498 39, which all sections do you know, this is already prepared, boxers have already come prepared.  That the society is changing, what if they are not ready, then first they are ready to do this, then they become poor and all of us have become like this, we have not asked for anything, we have not even taken anything, we just want this.  That it should be okay, you don't want so much, both the parties lie, girls and boys too, we just want this, there is so much desire, the demand program is this much and one is so much and there is a list lying behind too, we want this much of boys.  Girl's people have very big desires, they don't want just this much, then what happens when we don't get anything, then our desires are so small, we did n't even get them, how do we know that you were ours so much, I feel ashamed to say this, D Man of.  D House You Take Control and Tell  Everybody, this is what things will be and give everybody freedom and space. There will be a lot of pain in this, it will have to be reduced. At this stage, the person who was washing your clothes for 40 years was ironing them and those nice smelling slippers were coming out in your kurta fifth.  The bathroom is covered with towels, the bathroom should be clean, go somewhere, old man, if it is not only for this thing, then you want all the control. Okay, what do you want, I want to play at home, I will let everyone play with the daughter-in-law. All of you sit down lazily, she will come, she is a do-nothing bhaiya, she is a do-nothing model, this is a model from 1990, not the 1960s one which you bought and changed as per your wish and make it run as per your wish, if you make it 1956.  And I have 7 early 70s sons who would have become or are about to become ₹ 700. 16 1960 is the 50th Bond brother born in this year.  1990 model is different, okay, the poor people of 80s got killed, neither here nor there, okay, they don't understand, they are tortured, okay, but it will not happen like this in future, talk openly, discuss, villain is okay, even when he is very  Injustice was done to her when she became mother-in-law, so she was handed over the keys to her and she was made to feel like she had no meaning. She was told that no matter how sad she was, she had made sacrifices, it was there, and if she does this then it means nothing.  If she is not able to apply this ointment then she is in pain, this is the problem because mother-in-law was also a daughter-in-law, because she has this problem, she was less able to apply ointment and pain to her, and her husband and those above her were also less able to apply ointment.  It is said somewhere that this new son is not the daughter-in-law's and now all the sons who are listening to me will say that you are doing this in the society, brother, with folded hands I request my daughter-in-law, my wife, my husband, father.  There is no need to get married, but I will make a separate video, it will be very good, there is no brother, neither leave nor leave the genes, this generation is increasing so much that it is increasing now.  If you eat, you can't kill, earlier you would have dripped. Earlier, one mother-in-law used to breathe for how many years. Now see, even after getting married late, the time period has become too much, so don't cut down. Spread of happiness index of India is lower than that of Pakistan.  shame and  We need medical facilities, our GDP is high, our GDP is high, our opposition says, then financial strength of this country is more, military power is more, everything is more and we are less in happiness index, this country has bitterness and that is what you have with us.  Because whenever a person goes on the road after facing troubles at home, he also does roady on the road, whatever troubles there are to his daughter-in-law, I will give sunrise to the daughter-in-law and mother-in-law.  Attributed: Its real villain is the father-in-law who has become so corrupt. Murali has become so corrupt that he opens the money. He has to behave properly in front of his daughter-in-law. This is also a big corruption. So the mother-in-law will keep bombarding him from behind.  Will keep giving the keys and here the son will keep doing the same, it is in 90% of the cases, tell me whether it is in 90% of the cases or not, this is the carpet of the society which I am removing and in this I can see some people who are suffering.  It is happening, write down those who are enjoying it. Yes, if it is not much then it is a problem, then I do not want to increase my problem, but if you are enjoying it, tell me and tell it openly, we also had some idea but that.  I was not discussing on the platform. Look at the comment section of my old videos. Go and see for yourself what the world is thinking. Here I am not dreaming that I come and make anything like this, aunty, it is not like this, I can see it happening.  is the reason for this  Since my GDP of our country is going down, women do not do it, the house in which the women are unhappy cannot be a happy house, write this down, it is inevitable, it is okay and my campaign will be there, if anyone finds it spicy then it will also be spicy, I  What can I do, you do yours, you make your counter narrative, I am making this one narrative, you make this one a counter, I am not going to stop you from doing this by coming here, it is okay, so I will make it, it is okay and whoever is in my support.  Tell us about this thought process, India Democracy, this number is a simple thing, okay, democracy means because if we have to take the country towards prosperity, then we will have to talk about these issues, we will have to get results, we will have to accept and these values.  I will not have to hide it by asking because what are the sanskars, I will tell them in the next video, all my sanskars have been rated long ago by Advaita Times and Vedanta Times and I have done a lot of research on what happened 15,000 years ago. Okay, I will tell you about that too. Okay, what suits you, do what doesn't suit you, it causes trouble. How was this video? Life has not been shaken much, I should have said this in the beginning, watch my videos without tension, I am just crushing your belief system or its anti, so do n't be sad, don't think of me as a villain, I am the messenger of the society.  Is happening  He is showing me, I am showing the mirror. Mirrors hit the mirror with stones. If your face does not look good then it is okay then you have to dust the mirror. There is dust on your face. Wipe off the dust from your face. If your face looks good on your own then I will play the role of the mirror.  Okay, I will play the role of a mirror. Okay, if the mirror starts scaring you Priya, which song was that of Manoj Kumar, which picture of Manoj Kumar should I write below, then Priya, what should you do? Okay, that song is very good. Okay, so like the channel. Subscribe Share with people India needs you Discuss the things These World Cup matches will keep coming, will keep coming, then IPL will come, then New Zealand series will come, it is better to watch this thing than waste more time in this and take the gun from my shoulder like this  Hit send this video to whomever you want to send it to, tell me friend, what a hatred I have seen you too look at what nonsense he is talking, hit send this video to your parents, send it to the whole world and audit your father.  Do it, you will have to audit the behavior of the head of the house, just because you have grown in age and he has become so, then you do not get it, it is okay, it is democracy, it is okay, you have to do it, you have to perform, so there was command, respect is okay, there is a difference between demand and command.  You will understand then you will know thank you