Hello friends, today I have brought a topic of parenting, so those who have children must see it and those who have children themselves can also see, painting is the topic, don't worry, I am very worried about the child, it is specific for women. But men also worry, so if you are a man, if you are seeing this, then forward the visit to your wife for 20 cents plus travel from this syndrome. I am worried about the child, what will he do, then why is this a reason for worry? Re worry away.  how can it be In this you do not have to do anything for the child, you have to do it for yourself, so if you want this worry to go away, then punch it at this very moment and give it this tilak so that I will know how interesting these people found the topic in the beginning. Do you worry about this?  Want to exercise Ponting name? You have written it ok then why are you worried about your children? Why are you worried about your children? You probably thought that your indicator part is brightness. That's why we are worried about children too, so how can our job be bright?  is engaged and  We are paying Mi and we have a house and every bus and car and ours is running, so I am worried about the children, what is the matter, in a house where the woman does not work and does not earn money, this worry is at 90 cents out of 100.  Where women are doing jobs, earning something themselves, and have the confidence to earn money, then this worry is much less there. This is a very big fact. All the women who have to worry, just ask one question if you have a daughter.  Consider that you have a daughter and you are a woman and you do not do a job. Okay, so why are you worried that your daughter will not do a job? You are also doing the same thing, so why ca n't you do a job?  If your daughter does not see you working then she too will become a housewife and what is the logic behind why you are a housewife, you also studied, went to school, went to college, invested all your father's money, everything happened, why not you, we are ours, HD children. for your daughter  If this is the logic, then the daughter will also have children, so why would he go to someone's house and say, you are running a very good house, so there are four of you, your daughter's house is very helpful, it goes well.  There is a belief system which I am trying to crush, I will cause pain to the society, many times I watch such videos where you are telling how, if a boy sees his mother working, then he also gets courage that something will happen because  to a mother who is not working Not knowing what is happening in the market, she cannot do anything other than worrying because the ladies who are going out will at least bring data about what is happening in the market, which subjects should be studied, what is going to happen next.  Is it that men don't think like this? Men will not go to their jobs and talk about children. Women talk about marriage. If a woman is a teacher or is in a government job anywhere, then whenever a woman goes, she sees problems around her. talks to people and asks  What is happening right now, men will smoke their cigarettes, drink tea, have a cup, they will separate, so in this topic, half of the worries can be removed by the fact that there are 35220 women in your house and this video is beautiful.  So can you do something, I am not even talking about a job, can you do something by which you can earn money and if you cannot do something like this then you absolutely need to worry about your children because  What will children do when you 4245  If you haven't done anything in a year, then what will happen in the torch light now that they will do something suddenly, so this was a deep thing, I hope I understood, you guys were able to understand, if you look at it on a superficial level, you will not get any more takeaways yourself but most of all  The big takeaway is that those parents are worried a lot who do not see their own future being very great. If they do not see anything else except a job, then they can maintain a wife and two children in one job. Till date, they are at the age of 18.  2021 You can be brought up till the age of 22, you will have to worry about its demands, and middle class is not the words of getting into lower class, this is the wife's weight and conducted time, you keep sitting and telling your father on your salary of two and a half lakh rupees. And I am telling this, but when the capital is divided according to GDP, then neither mother nor ours, your money, you 45 50 If your mother is also 6570 years old then also shared the picture. 40 year old wife is not earning much money. 45 year old daughter has no money. Our 50 year old baby has no money. And 24 25 26 year old boy and girl are from IAS.  If you are preparing, then the entire load is on you, this is your salary, you will divide the curd by 5, the answer will be 50 thousand fifty, you will make 6 lakhs from India in 1.5 times.  If you cut lakhs, there is no tax below Rs 5 lakhs. One who does not pay tax is a class, then your family is on the verge of becoming lower class. How did you guys like it, did you enjoy it, did it scare you, or inspired you to do something?  If you are scared then write scared RR If you are scared and inspired then Pili Dushpirant will not be written completely. I know, if you are inspired then write P. And if you are scared then write D. Tell me how did you like the video?  share These are the small things that I want to ignite in my circle. I do n't have the perfect solution for everything but you will get the style doing and working temple solution 100 and soon I will present that to you also. Thank you very much.