Hello friends, this Brahmastra video on marriage is okay, that one is like this, we see it in Ramayana, the good good is that one, the answer to this one will not be visible, I think if it is my misunderstanding then it will be cleared and if it is so, then you guys tell me and thank you a lot.  It's okay to share it openly on your group, the topic is to shoot the gun from my shoulder, ji brother, Indian man and so bitter about marriage especially if the day's marriage has not happened, okay then why are there so many Twitter guys?  Today, I am going to reveal the statistics and tell a lot through tree consultation, those who have not married, those who do not want to marry, those who do not want to have children, those in whose relatives, forwarding the video to everyone, forwarding it to everyone, forwarding it with open heart, liking and doing that.  I get to write a lot of things. Hey old man, what do you have to do with your body and life? If you don't meet, you won't do it. Hey, girls will also have addresses. Enjoy everyone, I am going to tell you the statistics.  I am going to tell you about 20-30-35-40 years of life, I am going to give you something through tree control consultation, please show some respect to the things that such consultants earn money from, the video will be long so you have to watch it completely because live long.  Is it a decision brother or not to get married? I claim this thing that if someone talks to me for 20 minutes and is not going to get married, then after 20 minutes his man does and Han ji.  Thank you and goes away, this is my claim, it is okay within the consultation and it is highly recommended, I want to tell you something for free, listen carefully, I will address the boys, the girls will also understand, the girls will also understand, married people should enjoy completely because  Married people are feeling a little like that. First of all, hey old man, who are you to teach us how to get married? Yes, my name is Amit Sangwan, first of all note down that I am the one, you will not do me. Don't trouble everyone, don't call him good, you won't let him speak good, if you Google then it will be available to me even before that, I will tell you the knowledge of the data, no slide of mine comes, I do something too much, okay, whatever has to be understood, the person who understands can understand because  The one who remains in doubt will always remain in doubt, okay let's say three girls, four girls, then named him, I am telling about Haryana, it is a matter of great pain, this is not a joke, okay then it is a boy, you have seen such elders.  There may have been something wrong with the abortion.  In the late 1980s, ultrasound was introduced, now after that, the belt in North India, Punjab, Haryana, Delhi, Western Up also, you will see that a lot of problems started happening here, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Delhi, Haryana, Punjab are very ruined, that is, I think so.  The data is there, they show that according to the time, there are 800 girls per thousand, that too does not seem to me, I think there must be a room, someone has made 800 and given the passing marks type, or it may not seem so in Haryana.  Some 700 also have data of some years and we also use 800 for that time whereas according to me I am less than 19 because those who are from 90s are getting married right now and they are the ones who are coming in the marriage market.  Right now, brother, those 200 girls are not gay, otherwise there are thousands of boys, there are 200 girls, otherwise there are 800. Well, I am telling you, it could be 750700, but we  Still, there are reports that people are going by that, no, no, I am not using such exaggeration or embellishment, okay, so friends, now it seems that these 800 girls are also not ready to get married, brother, among them also 100-150.  There is some wrong scam that these terms are not to be done, why not to get married, one reason that even girls do not tell is that there have been many living in relationships.  Now no one is telling this thing because in Good Morning Shops, I am telling this thing because it comes in consultation, I have a lot of experience and you all should also do it. It was special for girls' hormones to go up and down. 72 R Wally and Joe please doctors.  Isn't it please write below because of that it gives credibility again. There is something in it because of that the body becomes beadol and then she doesn't want to get married. Is n't anyone doing anything with her brother? They also know this.  It is said that we have to do it, then there are some girls whose married life during their periods was very bad and they will be financially independent because these cases also come up a lot, so these are 650 girls who want to get married and they can marry only 650 boys.  If you can't do it then brothers and sisters, 300-350 boys will have to stay with us, there is no choice, you are 10%, 20% girls, very  Honest writes Guru ji, we are ready on the mare, tell me something, no one is there, we are very honest about it, friend, we are ready, less, what do we do and toxicity is all, everything is going to deceive, why are you saying this, Prashant ji, I am fine.  It is okay by taking his name, now I will not say anything against Acharya Prashant ji, although I do not agree with him on many things and van of dam is this but I am that very vice, I and 98% of anyone's words are good.  If yes, then I will not make such a video of him, it is fine, I have great respect for him, it is fine but brother tells him, you believe everything of his, Vivekananda ji, Modi ji, Vajpayee ji, who is not marrying, Ratan Tata ji, hey, he is like this.  Are you walking past them? Is there one of these people, my name is Jeena, who says that girls are bad, marriage is a bad institution and marriage? Are you walking past them? Why are you feeling chilly? If you are someone? Speak  Get married and you are having fun without getting married so you just keep cute about it same do you have you comment from new marriage after this my decision is good why are you normalizing because you are searching for confirmation by because one thing  When it gets normalized, isn't it right, like divorce is getting normalized a lot, then her figure will increase and then everyone will look at it like this, she didn't do it, she did n't do it, I don't too  This has not happened yet. The one who does not get married has to answer many questions. Who is this society? Society is Han society. This is the society so that life can be sustained and this will be insured. Even after you turn 35, you will be treated with the same respect.  You will not be found in the society, you think this is a hidden agenda, the population is too high, I want to reduce the population, you are very great, but when you order on Swiggy, Zomato, it is destroying Mother Earth.  How much are you increasing pollution? What is happening to your carbon phone? You are driving cars. Married men and married families are doing this. In India, when the vest gets torn, neither does dusting with it nor after dusting, one wipes it.  Okay, and if you look at all the households that are married, the Indian average government class, middle class, the carbon footprint of the person who is not married is very low.  Because that is Ramdev Chakka Chakka Chakka Daru Daru Plastic Paste Go Me Go Me Go Me Go Me Go Clothes Clothes Car Motorcycle Everything Money Money Everything Mango Loving My Life You all are donkeys, you will not be told, there will be pain, there will be pain, there will be pain, you will be told, because no one has told, but no one will come. So tell me what are you doing to the society, you are doing less good, this irritating factor will be a chilling factor, there is so much personal attack on me like this, you are like this brother, when a person comes on social platform then Pearl  He comes with a skin and after writing a dirty comment, it will be in your soul, then I will make a video, I am not allowed to do it for Amitabh Bachchan ji and Salman ji, Shahrukh ji, I have to make it. Hello friends, if you feel the chilli then it will hit you, but you are the one. Introspect once, think that maybe something good has happened, let's take a look for once, why aren't we doing it? We haven't got the opportunity to do it, we have to do it, what we have made as a standard, that standard is not ours.  I believe we are below that.  The standards do not want to fall and the girls have the choice of rejecting the marriage. Hey, the numbers have been told. When you look at the thousand, there will be a choice of 650. They even have the choice of every three boys, if one girl's level is up, if one  The girl looks fine, her job, jobs and family are fine, but those top 150 girls out of 650 girls have a lot of tantrums and those 150 girls  600 boys are changing, you are thinking girls, you have made 650 merit list, you have thousands of boys, okay, out of these, we have appointed 10 people as genuine, Vivekananda ji is on the path to become Swami Ramdev ji, Ratan Tata ji is on the way to become  There is nothing more than this, if it were there then India would have become heaven long time ago because these people also need and these people have very ideal work but none of them says do not marry or women.  They are useless, they impose section 498 or there is too much feminism or hit the women or do Mata Makkaon, brother, there is none of these, okay, so we will impose only 10 people, 10 is too many, by the way, I have only one.  According to the calculations, there is even one more in a thousand, if even one happens, then I don't know what India will become but put it at 10. Out of the remaining ₹ 990, 990 are changing these top 150. Same of then, settle down for the lower 400 but after 350, the number is missing, my brothers and sisters, I am telling this math because we can go and check 100-150 girls also, they also have their own tantrums, some of them don't.  Even when she turns 32, she turns 33, she doesn't do it and then those misshapen psychological issues arise, she does n't feel good about her body or she says, " I don't want to do this."  Don't even get married, I say that everyone gets married, every person even handicapped people, you will see so many people, which means if you go to physical boots, then everyone who wants to get married, brother, whoever wants to get married, and those who don't have tantrums, they are few.  Be it poor or rich, no matter what the handicap is, you can get married if you want to do it, but what is this thing, now those 200-300 people are roaming around, these people are active, who is the married man?  He will come and say that marriage is a good thing, if there is no happiness in marriage, then what does it have to do with happiness in marriage? I have posted it in the happiness post. It is a 2- hour class. Okay, so you can also take platinum membership. Why don't you tell me for free inside? Mirchi will tell you, if you want to satisfy your curiosity, then take platinum membership and take it, otherwise how can I tell the 2-hour class, there will be a big video here, I don't want to do such a big video, now let's move ahead, we relied on this.  That there are not 300 people here, so now they can't even come here, how will they come and this sex ratio has been picouted on 2010, ever since I have been in this area, I have been telling you as if Phogat is sister and she is the one from Dangal, see these.  People's inclination changed a little till we reached this point and this happened a little, then a little happened, on top of that, a big code was put in place by the government, and then in the 90s also, that The Antenatal Law and all that by but han.  They would have said some code words like Jai Shri Ram, they will hold that meeting, the government doctor is sitting here, if you say Jai Shri Ram, then understand that it is a boy, Jai Mata Di Ji, if you say Jai Mata Di Ji, then it is a girl, these ones also became less, you heard. But after that it became very strict, it became very strict, it became very strict and gradually the butter result of 2010 will be visible to us in the marriage market in 2033, but as of now it is not visible till 2023.  If this is happening then the next 5 years will be very bad for this thing, then it will become normal and even the tantrums of the girls will reduce because it is a matter of demand and supply, isn't it? Brother, when thousands of boys will start coming in the market now, then more.  If girls let boys go, then it is off course because everything is changing, phone tantrums will also be fine on their own, so this is a seven-year dilemma from the next punch, so my advice to all is to listen carefully.  Be very clear brother and not marrying because what happens when you got married at 20, you got married at 27 or you were getting someone good, you left her at 30, you didn't get a good one at 32, your heart got broken at 32 or you got married at 42  I will do it, then you will divorce the girls who are saying such and such names, then you will say that I have understood life, yet very very clear and parents  It is not the highest responsibility to tell this to the generation that has anti-marriage feeling. This is the problem of the generation of 1950 and 60s. They have cried so much about marriage, especially the ladies, where girls do not marry. Boys still have this problem but girls.  Where she is not married, she has seen her man stopping her, she has not seen him happy for a day, she was happy in marriage, now she will be the girl in future.  She has started a job and now she enjoys it. Not just one but many come for consultation. This kind of girl of ours is not married. I only ask one question, how much pain has your married life caused to you in front of your daughter. She cried that my husband serves his parents, my husband gives money to his parents, my husband has invested in his sister's marriage, I have to do a lot of work around the house, this is how you did it.  How much of that has happened but you still How much have you cried, you tell me, I cried a lot while stopping, I said, I still have bread because when it was happening, I cried, there is a limit for everything, I beat my husband hard every day in private, but if you show such a witness, then you will get married in marriage. Nothing has happened, at least tell your children that no game has happened, but you have become zen and you have come so cute and you have got me, at least support him, give him some incentive, give something to the girl, give him something.  Tell me brother, your husband may not be that good, he may not be that much fun, but maybe a child gives you so much happiness. How much happiness you are giving me, how happy I am that you, my daughter, and I got the happiness of a man. At least tell me this. Because of this, you will get married and you will get into trouble with them too. Why are you not born? If you do n't do anything, that means that girl sees her man, she is not happy even with my father, she is not happy with her marriage, she is not happy with her life.  create us yourself Nothing is left to us either, we have a boss and there is no benefit to our every iota, I have already done my job, now these women who are crying about their marriages in one generation, they are ruining the next generation of India.  It is ruining and if this thing continues, the narrative of this one and that of the boys, then all the women have to grow up as emperors to end oppression and oppression on the deserted roads in the dark nights. Amitabh Bachchan's To Main To Nikalunga Video.  After making the video, it got 10000 views, it got 10 lakhs, it went viral, many people left subscribers and sent it, because if you watch my video, channel buffaeyes, real estate, ever relationship, every contemporary topic, every way, then the youth also like this, they like this topic. Yes, but brother, I did not like what you said, ' Much risk iron', I can make my own subscribers, go to chat secret, the content comes out automatically, these days this is the only thing.  Is it kept or has it been kept My content chat is not of secret Utchakar This is a lot of influencer racing Five things you do Start this by influencing High comment Personal risk of my personal reputation I have my friend circle Kinship where it is not covered All is in isolation  No one lives in India, so much is judged and anyway it is done and trolled and my subscribers also run away, it is not me, first of all.  I want you tell you, you are reading the base chapter of a book, you got distracted in the 12th chapter, you enjoyed it a lot till 11th and it is going to be like this in 13th to 20th too but if you will be like this in 12th then what is the need to leave the book.  Take it forward, I will say this, it is fine but still I want to say that under this video of mine, your man should have doubt about your decision of not getting married. Don't be so who's watching as long as you're justifying no I'm not doing it yet or not you're [ __ ] because this sexual orientation is messed up so you want to do it it's something like you went to a nice hotel  To eat food and there was a lot of crowd there, so now you say, I will not eat food at the dhaba, brother, it is something like a date, so in this I want to tell you what can be some solutions wherever people say I want.  D Best I Want D Gather Girl I Want D Gather Boy What I Should Because I Don't Leave On Hopelessness Video You guys know I won't leave this video [music] Dat it de peak his graph stagnator goes down go down too suddenly  Maybe if he was doing stress factory then he would have seen that son, something is going wrong, then after many years it would have come to light that he was waiting full time only, he would have found out like this on the first day and I said, no problem, there are many other girls, she is not there, okay, even if she has so many, then where will the hair come from, so what is the matter, it is a simple thing, you will have to do something in your life, you are attracted, this is your way of talking, it is good.  Yes, you are good in appearance, your hygiene may be good, you drink liquor from dhaba, you smoke tobacco, you smoke gutkha, you have such a strange woman to look at, you will not get a girl brother, she will not reject you, she will give you confidence.  You don't have any good job, many people say that the job is good, you need a man who is a bit powerful, you should have some confidence, you should have your own mind about things, it is okay from mom, then it feels bad, but it doesn't give training to boys, but then again to girls.  Earlier too, mothers used to give a lot to girls, nowadays also they give it to the girls that they will get married, you have to do it like this, set your mother-in-law like this, she will try to set you like this, you do it like this, then it will be like this, then it means to them still.  When you get training, that means  If they come in this then they do n't know about the boys who are trending. What do you say girl? There is no preparation. The examiner girl has been prepaid too much. I will definitely get cheated. Don't give me the exam. My condition is to be exploity and not to be exploited. My condition is so bad.  No, it's okay, it's not like that, no, being exploited will teach you too, any primer is very cool, if you have not got married and are getting married, then if you want to spend the money, then do it, if you spend so many lakhs in the marriage, then do something. Make thousands of rupees and add strong Fevicol for marriage in it. This one will be felt first after the marriage. This one is also an offer which people want to utilize. Okay, so maybe you are interested in this marriage. Han, I am interested in marriage in India.  I do n't have the rest of the people, everyone else, you see, it's your advantage, no advantage, so when I do n't get married, I roam around in them too, because I do less than 70, don't do mine, my figure is also mine, my address is also mine, my manners are mine.  that's dad's  So such investors, you know, you are alive, those who export, they know that the dollar has to be bought and sold. If the dollar goes down, what will happen if the dollar goes up? So friends, let's protect ourselves. Okay, so don't do this to me.  For a person who is so diversified, okay, if not this, then if not this, if not this, if not this, then if there is something else, then don't ex me personally but have this doubt, have this doubt and for lap please girls or  Girls, stop giving a blanket to boys, knowledge in life comes only when apart from your experience, you go towards the experiences of thousands and lakhs of people just because someone in your house got divorced or someone you know.  The girl filed a case, this is not the case, this is not the world, this is not the world, because what you see in India, when you live in a small town, you think that it happens like this here, it does not happen like this in the whole of India, like in Mumbai.  It doesn't happen in a small village like it happens in a small city, it does n't happen in a big city like it happens in India, it doesn't happen instantly in India. Become violet and go against those who suit you. I will tell you that today it is artificial.  This is the era of intelligence, you know that everyone is smart due to algorithms, okay, once I also got a message from somewhere that one of my devices is not screen saved, how did it know that one of my devices has a screensaver? I have started putting it for my own good, I was telling you, by the way, how do you know about this, brother, everyone knows everything, so once you think that you should not get married and there is benefit in not getting married, then Google also gives you the same article and  Will give the same feed, will give the same video, will give the same confirmation and then you will want to hang out with friends like this, then you will want to spread this thing, then you will want to normalize it and then you will feel that this is this, where is this, these are the days, meaning every  A girl is getting married and then marriages happen again. If it is in India, then there are 99 extra marriages, then you stop sitting in the train, is it okay? If you get food poisoning, then do you stop eating all the food?  So no, nothing stops in life, so why is it stopping, just because this is happening, we are getting married, we are going to die, so why are we living, I have to die one day, so why wait so long now?  Let's do this, this is how we will win. Are they the ones attracting people because of this negative? Brother, I am not getting, I am not getting. Gather yourself and search with open eyes and ears and tell the world I want you to get married, I am a very good husband material.  I will keep you happy, you will attract so many partners and girls, why do you want that handsome guy, why do you want that rich guy, why do you want that macho man. Because you, do you first look at yourself, where is your system, where are you, look around you, up and down, at 5%, after that, if you get something in your life, then it becomes butter, if not, if you have something, then this greed.  Isn't it, and the biggest thing is that I have to settle down and get married. There is no one to settle down. The economics cycle is going on. The job cycle is going on. If you have given me Clarity for Youth, I have just done a government job, then the rest of the jobs are private.  I will also do this and in the future this chat secret artificial intelligence will increase, will be taught in a big job, stability will never come in life, get married, have children, what will reduce the stability on your own, how to settle down, marriage and child are called settled.  It is not said that the job will remove you a lot, you are never getting settled, today you have misbehaved, there will be firing, there will be firing again, sometime this is the settlement that the previous generation enjoyed, not the master.  Dena Chauhan started studying in Patna from 5th class at the age of 24 and Master Dinanath Chauhan continued studying there for 60 years. Settled life, big horoscope, second event is his marriage, retirement in his life, there is no jump in between, why has he come to me? I am a horoscope, brother, take this, I want such a horoscope, this is the most boring life, I am not putting down teachers, there can be a lot of settings in the life of teachers, okay, a lot.  Life can happen but you want to know this life, went to the same school, same salary, 3% increment, settled life, same wife, same two children, same, they got married and settled, four-five events happened and life got settled, what a friend, 20-203 is going wrong.  Sign De Chakka Chakka, catch a bus like this, your friend and then it's a roller coaster ride of personal emotions, personal weld, personal land, personal sorrow, personal happiness and hold on.  Keep it and you want to settle down, if I and you are settled then you want to settle down, don't think that you have given consultation to everyone, a man saves something, fox, fox and cat aunty, the cat came to aunty, the fox came to learn.  If the cleverness is good then the cat ate everyone, then after that the fox felt that I have learned everything, now I eat less than the cat, so it was as if the cat had gone to attack the aunt.  The cat climbed straight to the top of the tree, the fox is the fox, this is the fox, what happened then he said, cat aunty, why didn't you teach this, okay, here is the cat aunty, okay, if you want to learn from the cat aunty, then join the platinum membership, okay.  A lot of things are taught there, it's okay, so the one who is busy in life, is not serious about getting married, this thing, don't make it a secret, be open minded, it's okay, it's okay not to do it now.  This right man will come and the right girl will come, brothers and sisters, don't be worried about it, because neither you nor that girl has the right and after 3 years everything changes, okay today you think that this is the right, tomorrow it will be your right.  If the definition changes, then will you not be considered a girl or will you yourself change? You yourself know what you will become after 3 years. Okay, so have these possibilities in mind. If you are not getting married, then you will not get clapping on this from Indian society.  You won't get it, you won't get clapping, you won't get it, keep quiet, keep quiet, no one has a car, no one 's car will break down, no one is in a good situation, so this is just this is not a normal situation, not getting married is not normal, it is okay because Its normalization will break the society. Your parents' marriage is one of the best things for you. When you do n't do it in your childhood, you don't even do it. When there is no population in the country, then  Where 's the country's infrastructure? Do you want the Thanos thing? What was Thanos? This is not the one from the Marvel movie. If half the world of the Captain American party gets destroyed, then gather at Nevali's place. There are people with such thinking too and now it is normal. Give it up.  If it goes random then it will not happen. If it doesn't happen randomly then only that much will remain and then they will spread some raita with their thinking. Okay, so this is a wrong thinking according to me and apply full force.  Just like everyone in the country has freedom of expression, you also have it. Okay, tell me from your platform why you feel there are many benefits of not marrying and what is the ultimate benefit of it. To take an extreme example, no one gets married, no one has children, what will happen.  This is because in the short term it will be visible that you have built a house and you, uncle, are living there. If you have not married, then your younger brother will be living with his child. If you have built a house, then you will also feel proud. Come on, my dear.  Only brother 's children, let's stay there, we will come, give time to someone else, only we will come, I hope you understand what I am trying to say, this infrastructure, this bullet train, this cleanliness, oxygen should be there, neither the enjoyer should be good nor the rest of the western countries.  Look at the struggling people, look at their condition, what is happening there and what will happen next, Jassi, they are the head office in this, so don't follow them lineal in other things.  So don't do it, it is okay in anything, this is escape, confirmation by san, these are all those things, when you have taken a decision in life and now when you search it on the net, that algorithm will give you the same thing again and again, my video will torment me.  The video will not appear in the search results. Someone of your relatives will forward it to you. Your father, your mother, any of your brothers will forward it and there will be chilli in it. Friend, this is what our guest of our Thought Process is saying. [Music] Do it most welcome but I too, Hello friends, I will come again. Hello friends, you have written so much and Mirchi, you will not allow normalization to happen. Well, it seems that marriage is very bad, because whoever has the pain speaks the same.  If the one who is happy does not speak in reality, this is also true, then he is married. People's comments are fine, like great thing, nothing happens in life, eat some food daily, watch some movie daily, some actress.  Actor or leader, no one is always good at everything, marriage too is not good every day, breakfast was spoiled, lunch was spoiled, dinner will be spoiled, how is the marriage going today, marriage, there will be a fight in the marriage, there will be a leader, no, nothing will happen, hey.  Brother, whatever it is, it will have a purpose, it will have a purpose, you will not have the purpose of sucking it. Okay, if I talk too much then the entire tree will be gone and I will be left with nothing. The cat will show the aunty fox how to climb the tree.  If you don't want to offer, okay then please connect. Do you want to connect through some medium? Do you want to take platinum membership? Connect. Okay, something like this is going on in your homes and I will call it a disease. Not wanting to get married is a disease. If you don't feel like it, then please join.  This is on a different matter, many people get sick, they don't feel it, they don't get checked, they do n't tell us, we will call it a disease, it's okay if you feel bad because only when people feel sick, maybe someone will go because there are many people who are inside the pain and don't accept the pain.  Unless you go, there is no treatment for many things, this is a disease, if you want to get treatment, then if you don't agree, then keep going on with your life, but don't say that you are not getting a seat, this food ocean has stopped under steroids, it is okay like  You went to eat dosa somewhere and you are not getting a seat, then you cannot say that the food is bad, then why are you standing still, then it was bad, then it is okay girl, it will take an hour and a half, and if you like it, don't do it like this.  you won't let me thank you  You