One thing that I have observed from the girls I know, whether they are my sisters, sister is not mine, that means my cousin or my sister-in-law, be it my friends, almost everyone has the same complaint that they are not appreciated enough in their marriage.  Do you understand that almost everyone has it, why do you think it is so and whether it is justified or un- justified? Okay, so let me tell you two aspects of it which you  First thing asked is that all the glorious work done in historical times is even done by men in today's time. Men do not do mandan work. You will never find a man teacher in nursery school.  If you go to maths, chemistry or physics, you will surely get it because there is glory in it, you have passed IIT, you have earned tuition, you have earned money, then the man is doing all the work of historical glory, these are the women's jobs.  There is no record of how many utensils were kept in the house, but how much money was earned, how much FD was invested, who brought jewellery, how many clothes, how much clothes they brought, these are the things that are in the table, so the work done by women does not reflect in the GDP.  It is not visible in the productivity, it has no tangential value and if value is attached then it feels very bad. If a broom, mop and utensil comes in handy at some place, then if a woman does that work.  If you are doing it, then if you put that on the woman, then you make her feel like she is no longer valuable or capable, she does not even get that much respect for the work she does, this is a fact, this should change.  That is the one, this is changing, through this video, you can also answer those women that this is historic, then the women said that okay, you work, we will work and show better than you. We will also show by earning, then the fabric of the house, the system of the society of the house, if Kolappalur is not there, then that is one, but the second thing that I want to tell the women is whose appreciation is, madam, I am addressing all the madams. Who is appreciating the man? Neither his boss nor his parents are appreciating who is your husband. These days are his parents saying that he is a great son, they say that he is a slave of his.  Yes, Bah is not happy because the boy's parents have not made him a slave by calling him Bah's slave. Just because the boy's parents think that he has become Bah's slave, Bah is not getting the feeling of being a slave because if  If you were feeling like a slave then you would be asking the question - Appreciation is like you have got a slave, it has become very difficult to earn money, boss is not appreciating, colleagues are appreciative, parents are not appreciating, wife is not appreciating.  And when the children grow up, they too are not appreciating their father, then today it has become such a thing in the society that someone is appreciative of someone else. Look in politics, one leader says this and then another comes to bring him down, political parties.  No profession is getting appreciated in this way, no profession is getting appreciated like this, in every profession people come saying that these people are cunning, take any profession, within the doctors, within the doctors.  Doctors are being unappreciated, they will say, this is how doctors do things, astrologers are being unappreciated, who is being underappreciated, even farmers are not being appreciated, they are also saying that they don't know this.  What political ideas do they have? Take any class in India, take any person, take any gender, take any profession, tell me, they are appreciated a lot.  These days, cricket is all about Bollywood, there is nepotism among the cricketers, they keep talking about them, hey, the match is lost, this has happened, that has happened, appreciation is not such a thing for me, there is no such work where there is a guarantee that appreciation will happen, if it is happening then it is.  If it happens for two-four months then there will be no guarantee after that then women have to be told that now there is no work or anything like this and if there is appreciation then they are not in minority, they are in. Majority ji, everyone's life is going on like this, so there is nothing to feel bad about it, they have to say this [music] ok h