Hello friends, the topic is good for real estate, 2BHK schools will not come in the coming time, the train has already started, but we will discuss about why you will not see 2BHK in the premium projects now, why are the builders not planning, so this  There will be a discussion on If you have not subscribed the channel then please subscribe the request in the room and press the bill notification and tick the oil I am waiting gray from the subscribe rate  You should go and press all the bell notifications. Thank you. So 2BHK. Do you understand that now the FIR which is permitted on those land parcels is more related to the old times, I will be very brief in its technical details if it ever becomes 1.04 2.5 1.5.  I will not elaborate on that but I will tell you in a simple way that the floor area ratio in North NCR is so that you can understand that if one sugarcane juice  If you could put it twice, then now the government has said that if you can rotate the sugarcane through the machine four times, then if you put the sugarcane through the machine four times, then a little more juice will come out. You can understand the rough mathematics like this, then if there is a land parcel of 10 shrunk.  If you think about it, FIR has increased there, then you know earlier, 10 lakh quantity could have been made here, now the material is at 20 lakh feet, so this is 20 lakh square feet on which the meeting is taking place.  There is a protection figure, if any builder has permission to make 20 lakhs then he will not make 10 lakhs and 15 lakhs, he will build only as much as he has permission. Now the question comes that why not 2BHK? So you Englishmen should explain with the example of sugarcane juice. If I have more sugarcane and the juice is coming out then this juice is my case and if I have a jug full of juice and the quantity of juice then if I put it in small classes then  If I put the glasses in a big class, the glasses will be too many, then the quantity of Kamalasan juice is the same. If I want full money on four big glasses, then in the same way, you should understand carefully because it is a builder who made a mistake. According to me, Dwarka is on you in Dwarka Expressway. A builder near Delhi border had given a big deal to him because it is at a distance of less than a meter from Dwarka Expressway and he has removed two BHKs and due to which the density will be so high that it  When Tasty reaches affordable housing industry, then the project shifts to luxury. Now you have to understand that if I have 20 lakh left space and I am also bringing a thousand square feet in it, which I can build and then  I am also bringing 15 Venus, I am buying 1700 KV 3BHK alarm 2000, because that thousand specific inventory is coming, then my number of apartments will increase and if I am in that.  If I bring only 2000 square feet Navya 18 Super torn note and am alone between three and four, then my number of departments will be less so that tomorrow when the marketing will be done, you will understand and practical, there is no problem in this that the number of apartments will be less, now many  People will say that if the number of minutes is increased, then the size will be increased, but if you understand it carefully, then there will be no charge, so it will remain in 25 feet because  If you lived in 2004, multiply it to find out the acid statement, then the number will be less. If suppose there are thousand 2BHK in some project and thousand 3 BHK in some project, then more people will live in 2003. 2002 was destroyed due to increase in the  If you understand this by reducing the ratio to 2 percent then the requirement of number of apartments and number of towers will reduce and the work for the self will be done because to  What is BHK and quora, you have a floor tower, there is one in between, you know, so if I remove 2BHK, then I will have a luxury in which big people sell and sell everything behind the scenes. Subscribe to my channel for that. After that, if you make profit, then there is no money left in calculating the number of units. Subscribe, I will go into technical tips about it again. So now the question comes that what will we do with the existing information?  Then I will tell you what is its benefit category, if I get any knowledge, then what is yours, listen carefully, if you have already bought a 2BHK flat, it will do value in the remaining 2BHK projects too, if you see that  Now your low rise is coming, it is very good, you saw that waste came in Sector-63, Hello there is 3070, wherever it is coming, the number is 2 BHK is not even. Five percent are five plants, there are 20 floors and they are sold on the first day. You all know the meaning of the total. If you know, but we have returned to the shop in which 3BHK is a small one, 3BHK is a big one and some 2BHK and 2BHK came in just 5 minutes.  Five percent inventory tax is coming and one space left and luxury will go to a charity, two BHKs are being sold, they are sitting there silently.  Rental will come out a little bit and in the future, as I have said, it will start if anything is available in India quickly, now you will see that whatever you are hearing, it was already the cut size at one time, it was not available till 2014, till now 428  There is always benefit in one side, if you start in Greater Noida, then if you get hold of any project then its price is a princess in bilateral more because they did something authority premium. Anything which does not come in Amlon A Will Command has taken premium shoes whenever you have taken one month ago two months ago 3 months ago then yes it is very good please continue without investor and there are some projects right now here like this  If you want to connect for that, you can WhatsApp me. Alphabet C is for Cat. Okay, don't write C for Cat. And alphabet was there. People write alphabet on WhatsApp, then like this, till now, this is only for sure.  This much is fine, so there are some products which are there and are hanging out, then you can take them, if the coming ones are not coming then you tell me it is fine and I will but if it has to be completed then how much square feet edge of the hotel can I buy?  That's it, I can also make 2BHK, Sharif, and also, I have made two BHK, one number will be around a thousand, the size will be small in it, so this is me increasing the taste of the flats, just by making the recipe of the flats, then I will say like us or who will say.  That brother, you have matched the affordable in density, came and took a separate project on plot 135, Mr. Project 10 11 12 13 14 Karat, asking this question again, I am not getting the answer, I have made a mistake, now he had told me that due to affordability,  In the matter of spending Rs 1.5 Crore, 2BHK is the size of the note, this is a product to be sold and there was a demand, but according to me, you made a mistake by taking so many flights. You can't go to the taste of affordable and call it a luxury, somehow then you say yes man, this Basu is a middle class lower middle class, then it cannot be justified and a 10, 11, 12 rate is justified when you find a person living in a different place.  If you have a feeling then the density was very important. When you go to any gallery, first of all ask this thing, brother, what is tasty? I did not invent this term. But no one told this. All the brothers have made a payment plan. And when they tell how much is the discount, how much is the discount, how much is the discount, is it okay, then they only ask this thing. If they don't ask about the density in the market, then this is  Two BHK's things are directly related with Institute for Independent and this is the playlist of my real estate education, it includes density loading, what should be according to your carpet area, what should be the formulas, all that.  It is written that you should go and watch this series in the play list. How did you guys like this video of Relay State Education? Please tell me, Plating this education where 2BHK is the last line and this video is wherever you are sitting with 2BHK and sitting on the tawa.  Don't send any more, I have taken 30 jobs for Rs 1215, Rahmat Mirch, no one is going to do better in future, they will not get one, it was running well, it was of good size and that manufacturer has not stopped making it.  If she did this then I would talk about her, property setting, so here it was big people, subscribe this channel and once I get 2BHK, it is okay, smile wherever and do not at all, there was a time when people were appointed, subscribe, thank you.  You