Do you think that the mentality of the middle class is that they understand the things of learning, buying courses, investing in themselves or do they easily run away in that direction after seeing the riches like bad expenditure? Because my personal experience is this.  It has been observed that the middle class people think a little towards learning that whether they are fooling us or not, whether taking this course will be beneficial or not, but when it comes down to it,  That tequila shorts and the example you are giving, even 00 rupees can be earned very easily there, so how can the middle class bridge that gap, this mindset is different, this mindset level is very bad for many people.  It may be possible but you may also laugh, let me tell you that I am selling a course worth Rs. 000, the middle class does not want to spend the first thing, which you are saying a little, I am clearly speaking about them.  That we have done college, we have given money, everything is done, now we are earning money, now we will not give it, everyone is fooling us, that is an approach, I am saying friend, come, my course is worth Rs. 000, my webinars would have been worth Rs. 500-700.  Okay, there are two workshops, I said, come, it will be good, no, you will not fool me, no problem, you will learn to fool, learn something, how did it happen or not, no.  Now here it is, Maral, you idiot, look, even a closed watch shows the correct time twice a day, so everything is of some consequence. There is no cell in the watch, it also shows the correct time twice a day, so perform better than that.  If you give only closed hours, you will get better performance. If your content is of the quality of the free one, then so many people think that that is why people do it for free and not to show that this is where they stand in the middle.  The class is not costing at all, they have got into this SIP mode that I will make 20000 1 lakh and earn 00 SIP and I do n't know that in 90 years I will get 200 crores, okay some such calculations and that will just save my life. This is not you have to keep learning new things. When you learn something from someone, you will get a perspective in it. I just want to tell.  Everybody and you would have experienced that there is a class in which the same teacher, same syllabus, tells the same thing to 50 students and the life of 50 students doesn't play out so differently, someone became a content creator, someone became an engineer, someone became a doctor or something.  So why was it that someone became Virat Kohli, but he did not become Virat Kohli through studies, but it cannot be that whatever he has studied in life, he has learned it by applying it somewhere.  He is not doing anything, his life can't be all about cricket only, brother, he also does investments, he also has relationships, there are other aspects too, in the same way, when you join, why is he conducting in a structured manner, like you are conducting a class, you are structured.  They are doing it depending on your WhatsApp and exposure and meeting people, if you tell something then if 50 people are involved in it.  Every buddy will have his own take aways. Those who learned will do more, those who will do less, some will do something, some knew something, some knew a little less, the gaps in their knowledge will fit in. Now as I say in our podcast  I told you many things, it must be that you did not know anything about all the things I told you, you knew a lot but I showed you a slightly different perspective, just like someone shows a thing from here, looking here a little, it is also visible like this. Taj Mahal looks like this from here, it looks like this from here too, but it looks like this from here too, but it looks like this from there, so it is something like that if you tell something different, then it becomes as enriching experience for you as it is for me too.  I knew these things but I did not get these things, I got a new pulse from these new ones and some more learning happens, so maybe at the end of those who have still heard these things of ours, their perspective on some things.  There will be a change about some things, if there was something different about them, then by mixing them something else can be created, then that possibility will be there only when you learn something, I will just tell one big thing Saturday and Sunday, how do you spend your life?  I will define where your life is going from Monday to Friday in unconsciousness, in job from Saturday to Sunday in debauchery, life is going in unconsciousness and then Monday na  You will feel very stressed when you go to the job because you realized that you wasted your Saturday, Sunday, your body, you did such a disservice to your liver, increased acidity by sleeping at night, increased gas or fought with someone, or indulged in pleasures on Monday. You have  Got nothing else to show up like oh my God again on Saturday Sunday you read something you took notes you took some classes  You have attended, you have seen ways to earn some more money, you have worked for yourself, keep telling that the middle class work hard, work hard but for yourself, not the employer, not anyone, he will suck you, do the same with him, fire him from the job, when  Tell me, hey friend, you are teaching wrong thing to the children of corporate because that is why the corporate training people used to call me like that but now they don't call me, I used to say that I will spoil your email because I am  For the employees, they take consultation from me. Individuals and corporates run away. Before me, they used to think that no one can enter into the soul or see anything. Come, give us knowledge to them. What knowledge should I give to our people against you doing like this?  I give them private, you and me, he calls me a teacher, corporate training, why increase your enthusiasm, so that you can suck them more, I will not increase anyone's enthusiasm, mine, everyone's I know how to increase enthusiasm. I know you will give me big money but I will extract that money from them too. But it will take hard work for the individual. If the individual will give me money so that I give him freedom, then what will the corporate say? How the enthusiasm is teamwork. Come on, give it to me.  The CEO is working at 50 places and you are stopping the employee for moonlighting who cannot do any private work even on his Saturday and Sunday but the one who is your CEO is 50 is sitting on the board and is selling his courses. Now if I tell their names then I will feel ashamed of everyone who is doing this work. So this is the biggest issue of the middle class. I think it is the high time of the middle class.  Give reviews and start taking learning more seriously. We calculate so much in learning that no one took Rs. 00, Rs. 2000, Rs. 5000 from me for the course. So they robbed me. We are so scared of being robbed that we are not allowing ourselves to evolve. Actually, we have already been robbed a lot. See the problem. Sympathy is our generation. They robbed us in the education school system, but we have a choice.  It was not because we had to pass 8th and had to do 12th so what was the choice so we got robbed and after that the college said you come give money we will give you some jobs so give us money there too  Now what is it, I have a choice, now I have a choice, no, even the school did not do anything great, you also did not do anything like this, but what is it, like this is a podcast, if people notice, then there is something like this in some of the high points.  Let us tell you that from a class of two-three hours you can expect two to three things which will be different for you in practical life because actually what you are saying is our learning experience from the beginning. From school to college, he has been so bad that we felt that I have not effectively learned much, I have learned more than a few concepts, I have learned some of science, I have learned some of math, but my quality of life is very bad. Maybe it is not giving much impact or something like this, my learning has not become actual, grasping the concept has happened, cramming has happened, cramming has happened, passing has happened, but maybe if the learning is not too much, then we should  As a generation, we have become habituated to give less importance to learning. Look, one thing is this, the other thing is that if everyone gets so much knowledge, then everyone in the world will become happy, then who will buy anything? It is like this, isn't it?  No, it is a simple thing, if you become happy, then half of your requirement gets eliminated. Why is the requirement of liquor on Friday because the job is like this from Monday to Friday? You are not happy either.  If yes, then maybe don't drink. It's a simple thing, isn't it? Relationships, if they are giving you happiness, you are getting happiness, then if you are happy, then what is the need to hit left and right, what is the need to go anywhere, the crowd will be good, the crowd is in my home, only mine.  The crowd goes with me only I don't have to search the crowd I've got one crowd and I'm happy with that crowd I'm here to find the crowd  I am mouthing and mouthing, I am feeding and feeding one crore people, it is the same bank account, the same are happy, the same are unhappy, gifts go to the same, good, bad, bad, it is not that today, six months, this is the crowd, six months, that, four months, these five.  This is the month, then I am sad that this relationship is not good because she would have spread the cost with me that she would have invested so much in it, she will leave it, first hold on to it and then put the return on investment, you will see some return on investment in life from that relationship.  So what I am going to say next is that what I really like is your simplified approach towards life and how you fit all the things in one calculation in maths so that it starts fitting within the scope of logic because there are many such things, right?  They counter with logic so much that they start going against us, like you talked about why people are not getting married and what will happen if they get married, then I thought when they logically  If you approach then somewhere those things, Atlyst has given you a perspective to think about, whether someone does it or not, as you said, many people are probably not made for this, that is a personal decision, it is a personal choice, but Atlyst has that perspective. Having a false narrative and a false perspective and the same is just floating, you don't know where you are flowing, the athlete is better than that, you have a perspective, you are with it.  You are groping with him, you are debating with him, you are fighting with him, sometimes the perspective is winning, sometimes you are winning, but at the same time, that fight must go on, it must be done one by one, questioning it, what is it, what I get from your thoughts.  So thank you for doing that from your podcast, I make a comment about myself, I put so much emphasis on it, my challenge is to find a person who is not going to marry me in two hours.  Why should I take consultation to anyone? You are not meant for that, within a minute I come to know you are meant for it and not for that, I come to know within five years, but I can be convincing in India. I have the power and this work.  I'm the only one doing it, no one else is doing it because everybody's your mind you decide you yes your body your mind you decide and decide to get married ok  Thank you so much Amit once again ok