Hello friends, today's topic is what is the effect of flop of movies of Hindi film industry on us in terms of what we can learn from it, okay, it will be very interesting, I found a lot on this, I researched it well.  If you are getting the findings, then I have brought more beans for you guys, such topics, direct practical topics, and I request you guys to like this very moment to bring milk, like this.  If you are watching ahead then please subscribe, you are discussing the channel, what is happening after the quality of Hindi film industry, in general toe picture is coming flop, big picture, frogs and small ones, properly terrible from mean budget.  That I am earning 150,200 crores, 10,20 crores, 30 crores, I am getting a huge box, okay, I will not tell you the names of individual pictures, I will tell you emotionally.  Think about the country because Hindi movies are the movies of Hindi heartland, okay, if you watch it, it is the Hindi heartland of North India, then okay, then put Hindi-speaking, then search for Rise of South Indian movies, Lucy, if their movie hits 14 crores, then whatever is good.  Is doing, can take their names, these two 13 crores only Hindi Closer to 500 crores earned, that means so much and the country is watching, so what is happening and what can we do with this, Mirchi can do gallons.  That they were water after learning and post water finding, now you are an unwatched person, you already knew that there were South Indian heroes who used to be very popular in Hindi movies and they were shown like a big favor, there were chapters but they were never from here.  It used to be like Rajnikanth ji did that Hindi movie Cars and Kamal Haasan did Hindi movies, now reverse migration is happening, now Ajay Devgan is going, Alia Bhatt ji is going to play a role in RR. Now South Indian actress is being called on Koffee with Karan to watch, Dafnaay Singh Yadav said that the reason for this is confused, Hindi film and things are on the old lines, serving people in this very very bed and this biggest learning is that what works with you.  For you first is not a mess leader like and you and you have to be a down to earth leader, now they are going towards westernization, the way Hindi people have these quality and not if quality if  The secret audience is to watch western movies and the flesh audience is happy to see your RR, that patriotism of yours, the kind of Indian airshows coming tomorrow evening and more South Indian movies coming, if even now if you are a  The movie has been made by JCO, it will be shown in the entire Kerala based movie and if you watch it, it looks real white, there is reality in it and it is fun to watch and if you go to any of his South Indian movies.  When it is larger than life and the action in it is like that, it is the Indian that today, the small towns people who call it Front Vansh or Single Cinema, which is not a multiplex audience, is liking it, so this audience was Huber audience.  Gurgaon Delhi wala, now it is ripe from Hindi movie and there is even more people of Kumaon Regiment is Darde, it is very high in qualities like Hollywood dubbed increase.  Storylines is that story lines of so boring because no longer no people are interested in these biographies biography tell me how many daughters did MS Dhoni etc. have * she did not come at this time otherwise I always tell you all through my city channel and through videos.  I knew that what great thing happened in someone's life, what is the use of me not seeing it, brother, I am not closed, I cannot become, the metro told them that I cannot become something good.  For hai bhai wale bhai Suresh, isn't it that your cricket etc. is also watched, the trend has been removed from here too and if not attracted then you guys should also remove it. You can't watch any body else get rich and all the stories are shown.  That story is being played in the lives of lakhs of people, but only one man has to reach there and a lot of audience gets happy after seeing him, he gets motivation and gets divorced, no other movie is coming like this and is down to earth.  Practically, I am from all the biographical types, the stories we know, everyone knows the story of ST-38, how did India win the World Cup, what version here, no surprise element, no learning element, no even greater interests of these and here if you  Those other movies if you compare Rose to South Ki Jo Aa Rahi Hai you will see the stock Nisarg movie which like Pushpa did so will now Pushp to Arya 500 crores then They are making their Hindi films on a budget. The parrots of their Hindi films will fly away after listening to their budget. Instead of calling it A Hindi and South India, we should now call it Indian Film Industry. Indian Overload and I Like Bharatiya Award Better Than Indian.  Okay, so this should be said, Hume Paisa Nahi Bola Cheez, South Indian Movies, Seedar All Indian Movie, Zor and Indian Movies, Vishnu Ne Bigg Boss Reduce Very Nice Thing You Release, Subscribe to Indian Channel till the end. Senior anchor in Ko Indian, right now it has flopped so badly and how did you become a guy police ne thin sai not worked hard and vitamin A movie Jhabua bhaiya showing himself Bahubali 2 Bahubali body will have to be made like a hero If you want to see something practical in this, then what have these people done? Platform, it has done anything, Resources Limited, if you thought about it, then friends, a good top could have been made here with good star cast and good direction. And let me tell you that people's time is wasted a lot because of what is said many times.  All kinds of things are said like many people give comments that yes you are going and performing rituals, if it is milked somewhere, if someone does such work then money gets wasted in that also, don't do it.  don't do it like this  Concepts are told, now those concepts hit the people, then the cross portion is now happening, the latest is that brother, your 300 picture is doing the rounds, you can give food to the poor, you can give jail logic too, now this is me.  At this time I am telling this is my personal opinion very much, I have shown the time, now we will say which time did not come in Mahabharata, the circle used to rotate, I am the time, I am seeing this happening, a very tectonic shift is taking place.  A, this will have business impact on your movies, when so many Hindi movies are flopping one after the other, and now what is one movie coming, it did a business of seven crores, then producer means first day, now latest air overproduction sweet water sath  Road Great Yourself Very Great Very Good Very means no one is going to watch it anywhere and this net has shifted past Netflix, it has moved towards the old people, a lot of audience is coming up on YouTube because every people on YouTube.  Coming Tips Where you can choose your videos You can choose what you want to learn You can choose where you want to learn and what you are interested in and every time like something like my videos and left in the my videos Entertainment value 0a I 9  People should test night stand up comedy medicines disagreement with amenities whatsapp comedy research institute comedy if i make a video sitting in opposition then i didn't make it by standing like this  Don't comment on this, Holi can be but deck element, the creation which is coming on this YouTube is velvet, so the audience is shifting here, in small countries like Bhutan etc., all the YouTubers are female stars, yes.  This is not even the film industry, so this is the best wishes, how will you consume content, people are rejecting it, my friend, I will take the car to the mall and buy five tickets.  I will take it but I will sit in the hall and watch it for 3 hours. There will be an interval in between. Initially, I have to watch the ghee ad for 10 minutes-15 minutes in the hall. After that, I will definitely spend money on eating popcorn and see that our feelgood hormones should also be released from within. If you watch the Document Roti Nagar movie, there are a lot of things coming in it. In this forward, it is visible that the maturity of the Hindi-speaking audience is visible.  That 9.the portion of Hindi speaking is very big, you know Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, your Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarati also speaks a little Hindi and the one from Maharashtra who is not fitting the bill, improving the shortcomings, if you like imagination in life and cut copy.  If you paste it, you will get sweet bro and people will not want to like my channel. Please tell me, find and bring original content. Observing on the process, what is yours, something like lights S2 happens, the other is not the Gods, there is an audience and that too, if you want to watch this kind of movie in high-fi, then there are a lot of Hollywood movies, the production quality of the children's mother and that system is there.  Better That Movie Se Tony C How Much Money Top Gainer In India Top Gun English English People And Loot Into English Movies In English Special That Yeh Hum Log Language is International Language Day now all that South Indian Movies Movies Hindi Movie Bollywood Hindi Movie Wali this is what you guys do here please tell me if this is a big one in the video if I try to put it in the comment section will wait for you people  Ajay Deti's tree, Bigg Boss is not knowingly telling about this happiness and what I want to say from this whole video, if there is a huge benefit for you, then this is what is happening in the films, stop you have observed. Observe now even after listening, the weather is high degree and soft because of this, how electrolyte, if you write then I will write down whatever comment he wants, then I will write down on it, I will write some comments in it and will go through all the comments.  So you guys please do like it, this means that a tissue is watching my old videos, one of my professors is a state level person, please send that trajectory, will he understand this thing?  Say What You Need to Know How Should You Utilize Your Time? Well, I told you earlier also, time should be like this, it is fun, you learn something, if both the things are not happening, then it is a huge waste of time. Avoid such people, avoid such things happening. In your life and the best thing depends on WhatsApp Badi Advocate Rich and Welcome Happy About that someone else is becoming rich, you are becoming rich, he is becoming rich and you are also getting value  He is getting something in return, he is getting this much, you are getting this much, then it is okay but he is alone, sixes are being hit in cricket, raids are being conducted, his advertisement and endorsement has come out and you are doing it like this.  You are clearly making heaps, time will not come again in life, please write in the comment section that it is no different from what I said, it is your individual learning, please tell, Gir Not Want Right.  Answer Giving Maritime Shuru Episode 112 Takeaways Multiple But Please Add Me To Raipur Distance Learning App