Hello friends Agni, this is not a very long video of mine, this is not a very long video of mine, to tell the world, mark the audience in a well, I have pressed the notification, which is connected to me, videos for those people, 9pm video is okay, so if you read this by mistake, I am saying Meerut.  I am Indians, please don't want to forward but I am getting forward by mistake. If you have n't subscribed then please subscribe and you can get well after a completely different time. Ali, otherwise I am fine so subscribe the channel and get bell notification. If you press subscribe then it will be visible red, it will appear grey, red should not be visible. If you are watching my video, then you should not see red. And on the right side, there will be Nobel symbol. Press the bull above it and  Written and pressed, here we are, my videos, today's customer, why is Uttarakhand fee and who has confused him, many factories, but today I am going to tell you about 170 and all this.  Insider information is practical information related to the ground and what stops you. It is okay that everyone should keep this information within their knowledge that come request me tomorrow. There are very big lodges and there are very few people who do not stop in their stomach.  If you go without telling then you can tell, but by making such halwa, the one who used 25,000-20,000 used to tell in her small window that the audience is connected to you because on someone's stomach. Whatever system is running gets kicked and you all also agree, then this is to explain to the intelligent person, he should tell it for free, people on the go do not understand, that's why was the very few greatest who used to speak in his video. Don't share that, watch it in half an hour, see if you understand, then it's okay, so today's lesson is to examine the customer's confusion that the job done by those who work in real estate is okay, the job done by builders who are front piece is okay.  What you know and see, he serves you coffee, let's meet, a good morning sir, another art project, and he is sitting with a tattoo, check the people doing jobs, they are changing very quickly, now tell me, what happens when they change?  Change is on the way, a builder took over Malpura, sold it, had kept a force of 1520, now save Malkam, he does n't need that much blame, a new builder has come, he wanted to launch his fresh one, he needs all the blood, if you see his average job is four.  There is no need of any such training of six months that I don't know that Khan has to fly this plane, it is fine, no technical tips are needed, generally Gurgaon is the market, people generally become aware of it through the desired Roadways Worker Express.  Extension Road is Sona, Sona Road is New Gurgaon, that's all the places, Homework, His Utari, Keep roaming around, No what happens, you have done job with one builder in one project, ok so now.  Hind Sir, he knows everything about his previous work, after doing the job, he knows the good and the bad of his project, there is no such project in the whole of Gurgaon in which there is something old, that is exactly what he says. Even if the shirt has stains on it, it is looking rough and black, there are many such black dots, there is no such project in the whole of Gurgaon in which, if you are in the mood to buy, then let me tell you five such things due to which you will not buy.  absolutely yes brother Sir, I know it and it will be true, after that I will tell you five things that will be available to you once you are ready to buy and it will be of great use, then when you will be ready to buy, after that I will not buy from you again.  Let me tell you three more things about it. The first point below is that you will not buy from it, then you will say, hey, I don't want to buy. After that, I will tell you twice again. This is called power, power of knowledge, like loot.  Is he an ethical hacker or is he an unethical hacker? Is he one who avoids viruses or is one who takes antivirus? The two sides depend on what your intentions are. Why do I repeat one of my dialogues again and again in every third-fourth video?  It is easy to spread and make our people laugh, it is difficult to explain the same dialogue, put another one of mine that you have become a fool somewhere, yes, convincing you that this is much more difficult than yours.  Making face fool, you understand hard work, your man roads in any other WhatsApp message channel, this family channel, but I can substitute unwanted even any rate words, subscribe to you and that, your fresh fool making, at this time, birth place, you people don't believe, it doesn't become, it is not done.  And if this is achieved then many good things will be left behind in some super feel region and your emotions will increase because understanding the project in totality and understanding the validation also adds some value to the upper end.  Values ​​are Get Price, Everybody Understands, How much is it, How much is the discount that you are getting, What is the payment plan, What is the size, How much is the value, and comparing it with other valuations, Finding out the value of the brand. Like I tell in my destruction that this builder  Its brand value, progress, liking, its twenty-five percent, its 20 cents, its 15 work, those things take a lot of time to understand and it also takes time to explain.  You can also become a platinum member if you want to connect with Vinash at that level, but here I will tell you that the jokes are employees, their loyalty keeps getting exploited, today let's go with him, the day after tomorrow, I was with him while speaking and his condition is getting worse. I have left it, he will say, I am no longer needed, the owner has gone there, just like now, the new launches of Dwarka Expressway are coming, the bravery of some builders is going behind, so call that I  So come Mirchi 200 feet consultations apart from guidance mentorship so guys happened in the walking job which is that boy and girl also in many pairs so I tell them that brother I am telling everyone that this is right or wrong but you tell  Me their short term targets if they have to meet because what is any man like when he goes to any project, like you, he will go after that one, then that one, then there, behind that one, then there Sangh exit.  It is accepted by the one who is going, I am coming prepared in every way. It is true that you are not lying, that is true but that is not the whole truth in totality, then you will call that other one, friend, I am telling you this, this is about yours.  This one is going to keep the gold, that one is going to keep the gold, there is Aziland in between them, this is really an example on the fever of real cricket, those who are using this word, this is the exact one, the other one said that ours is fine.  It was made in Taram Badle to do such blackmail, come and check, let's do this, but you go and look at him, take him out, take him out, this is the trend, now he will come here again, on asking again, when all these people get confused, then everyone comes to me.  Come Bhai Saheb, this is an ideal land, why do I have so many? Yes, there is a well, so it is my right, so this Kumar did not have to pay the bills, so what kind of house did he build on that land, somewhere in Gurgaon?  If there is an old well in Maluku then it is garbage, you know, run all the agriculture, all the signals were Nilesh, everyone here was from the farmer, so if there is one inside the village, then it belongs to the home, tell me who gets the registration done, if that land will remain there for the whole life, but now the government will also give it to him.  She is selling and making provision for it, the letter regarding revenue route has also gone out, the builder has lost the revenue, I have done things like upcoming support, all this seems very stressful to him.  Isn't it very scary to explain? Which one understands like Sanskrit? When you think of these prices, this one is different, his employee is different, the other one will tell only time, Ghaghra is also very smart, he is everywhere.  When he goes, he takes someone's name everywhere, friend, I am watching that person so that if he knows his negativity, then you would have come to know, but if he takes it then he does not even go to know the negativity of this note.  0 Wrong Approaching Jobs Chhabra is ok but this decision has to be taken tell you when people get married, then when there is a girl, the boy's family would never have heard anything in the family, father used to drink alcohol and the boy used to drink more than anyone else.  No father, now I have to do it with my father, I have to do it with my son, I am married to many people, his father does not drink at all, this house is very good, and he neither smokes cigarettes nor drinks alcohol, there is a lot of worship.  It was closed tight and his son turned out to be exactly 180 degree opposite. Now tell me, what will you do, then the combined time will say that this is the late limit on this positive negative also that is the message and green. This is the man who is sitting in front, he is sitting, that boy and  Girl, you understand the payment plan from him, understand the rest, I am ready to tell you about the rest of the spying work, brother speaking to many people in totality.  The approach is not right, that is why it is available at that rate, I want to tell the largest message and suggestion and MS Word remains very confused that the tailor has retail price it is gold price that if that thing is not there then its  The rate also goes up by ₹ 2000. Now you have to see whether the chances of water coming in crores, why the road will not come, here if the government has passed it, then fire tenders should be avoided there. Keep the road mandatory, why is it in the middle of the projects, why is it not Saath Mitra, why if you do one meter, then the builder will remove the place and if you do five meters, the government will not accept because instead of allowing the fire tender to pass comfortably in 6 meters, it will tell the chairman and  It needs space to do so, that's why the golden figure has come out of the tomato. 6 meters is approximately how much is it, it has a 20 feet long cry. There is logic behind every piece of thing, there is reasoning behind every piece of thing and that.  It takes time to understand reasoning and similarly do not select and reject such projects at superficial level. This is the message. Do not select and do not reject. Know everything about it is nothing. You can call me too. Earning of Rs. 168 is not one capable.  Hai Such Construction Hai How Busy With Manya Natives Can 50% The Price Differences 50% Notification No A Little Shehnai Se  My why is gold and red brick, these two and apart from that, the merit list is one to three. Now it will take time to understand that its valuation is like this, this one is the topper, this is the second one, this is the third one, this is the first one.  If not, then which of these three can we take because there is cement on it and those who are doing pillars on it are also achieving about 70.28 person my one status.  Only only, this is their internal wall is different, the external one is different, the external conflict is different, anyway you know, the door remains so troubled, the rest, it looks like this, it looks like this even in mutual, in the forest, this is the time, one is number one torn. They will understand that how it will be explained according to other things, it is called AC block, how are the other things, now tell you, what is the weight of Enter, it is 15kg, a look comes in 6 minutes, it clocks off.  Physics is there, if you stay here then the job is less and there is no load bearing, that means you will take it from the structural side, at this time I will teach all these things to your platinum people, but what your boys sitting there do not tell is that it is totaling and half thing.  Like I ask them, engineering people from Delhi, we do n't know that they are like this, I have just given up on the sales son, the engineering people know, why don't you know that you are doing this work, then by doing sales, if your house is yours today.  project road This truly great thing is six feet high. You have poured so much soil and kept mixing it and if you are not telling me the same thing, as big a USP as it is, then you have to pay for it. I have put it on the website because that's all I know.  It is the country that wants to understand, which is your biggest USP. More than half of the societies on Golf Course Road, I fill the water of their ground floor basement below the road. I think that in our show, it is a very big mission. You, those who made that product, are not afraid of how much. height  It costs money, isn't it, and the period time road increases, you know that in India you must have seen that the check road increases and goes up, if you give it very rapid, then in the meantime, start with a fee, this Tuesday, half the fruits go up, this  I concentrate on the project and tell them that you are the one who should make it good. Engineering people know only about the years, not the years. Sales people know the bad things about others' projects. The beauty of your project is better.  Thing  It didn't work and everyone else was busy cutting each other, only then the customers were muted. Name three projects in which this one goes, that one goes in that and then what is wrong, only time will be able to tell about any one project.  200 premium projects are going on with the help of high tension, now high tension is given to them, even if they accept that they will be inside it, if they are not inside then it is wrong to say that this poor person's number and Mukesh Jha thing should not be accepted, he should be considered that.  let's take  I have also seen why people assume that they understand the price, they do not know that the price is low and they understand this brother, it is not due to retention but from foreign countries today.the market Gurgaon market is so matured.  It's it's things are not fully priced it's like meaning the ones who have their own notifications of Nifty Spot are generally big investors, their worship is of very different kind, what happens to their stock.  It is free fruit, it is very high, they cannot be released, stocks means market cap of Hina, then 5 lakh crore, 7 lakh crore, 80 crore, one, TCS, Infosys, SDLC, Reliance, you cannot react that just me and You got four people always night gave buta also you can't add because given to saliva chewy manipulated okay I am angry birds waters to understand this message is this  That this chutney is happening in the employment and the people of one builder are going to another place and are going to the third place, then no one appreciates the place from where he left the job, what does XY have and what does the virus have? Okay, so look at the speed activated by the one near you, the bike near 1521, now you have two projects, so much negativity of both is being shown in front of you, this is the channel that gives purity, it will tell about both.  Yes, yes, this means that if the school smokes cigarettes, then the other one has to do that by smoking hashish, ganja, hashish, ganja, you have to subscribe and do this, the boy will be very handsome, the job will be very good, he will not be associated with drinking alcohol.  Will know how to cook, will live with parents, will take care of us, will also become the son-in-law of the house, will also perform all our functions, because of this, if a girl has all these qualities, then all the qualities will not be found in a boy, but only in the boys who are ready to become the son-in-law of the house. Utkarsh Job  It will not happen. Okay, the one who has something else will not have anything else. Not everyone has this. The same thing happens, so they gave Rs. 34,000 to the table and in front of you, a tailormade suit is not going to be made. Do it mean this size.  It is absolutely fine, the rate is also low, the location is also good, the waterfall is also visible, flowers are also visible, the mountains are also visible and the maintenance cost is Vikram and the operation will also be high and we also got the payment plan of our choice and our  Some adjustments will also be made in this, those who are not kind hearted will also be adjusted, everything will be fine, everything will be fine, it is not so, we have told all these things, these are different projects, so I am getting them, not in one or the other.  It will not come, it is not possible, just as it is not possible to have a perfect boy, then it is a request to these people, please see in totality, wherever you get doubt and confusion, it is okay, then you come there and understand the problem, it is okay, no single project can say this.  How is this project, take it very good, it is not that it was said, take it very good, then you will come to them at 10:30, brother, this was being said about it, you told me, don't know this, you will have to listen in 20 total, it is broken but you will have to listen.  If you can understand anything smaller than that then even a single test match time I hope you people are equal to understand what have been able to tell please like and comment section only  Pillar in and but gate end I do n't want to show these things to many people because only those who understand the thing and the audience write a lot about how it is made, we understand, okay, those who can understand, they have to take training, okay  I am also a lover of giving this to everyone because if I give this much knowledge then everyone here will follow me. Okay, Arun, you have taken oaths and promises from me that you will be a lot of such things, won't you be an insider and all this?  there will be information  So there is no need to tell yourself about romance, there is no need to make it viral, otherwise I too would have been there from inside, friend, let me tell you, show me, explain that I will release the keyboard, Der Singh, and so the right end is not like that, which means that many people  If you exclude all the things, then it is not a good thing. The feeling that no matter how much someone speaks, I have become a person with Guru Tattva through this and paste in the largest picture Naagin picture, people will understand 10th standard rates will get meaning.  After It's Thursday People Are Not Able to Understand If the consultant and I once told you that you do not need medicine, then if my doctor tells everyone that the deficiency of Vitamin B and Vitamin D in the body is not detected then who will ask him that it is very cheap.  It's okay, I am not a doctor but I am not doing it to anyone. It is okay if you keep talking then do it to him. You should not fight with other men. Licking each other means that I understand that if you do not do it, then at once.  So because it is very difficult to explain, it is easy, so I hope you will understand the larger picture. If you understand, then please write good comments in the comment section. If everyone writes like, then I will get a message. Share if people are liking it, otherwise I will.  Why should I read this below, because the system works like this, this account will open only after reading the book, if there is a good reaction from all the users, if there is a good name, then also my  You will request to participate. What ever opinion the accused gave, the feeling you got after hearing it was good, it was fun, I got to learn from it, I came to know that I already knew this but Yoga is just opposite nose, whatever it is, but I want to write please. Like and comment section thank you