Hello friends, today's topic will be should you buy second hand things, I bring unique topics, I want to put a thought process on every topic, the knowledge that comes from different places, many people say that there is value for money, nowadays many websites have also been created.  You know there are many apps which do the same thing and people use it, I will tell you my take, I will try to give arguments from both the sides, I will tell you the take, what should you do, why should you do it, I will also tell you according to the logic and so on. Connect with an open mind, give this opinion to everything, do not talk from a moralistic point of view, because whatever content I bring on my channel, this moral science of mine has not become a teacher, my premises are practical, so according to me, they are second hand.  You should not buy things, now you people will say, what is the problem in buying second hand, it is available cheap, there is a lot of second hand market, it is fine, the whole game is with jodunga energy. I jodunga energy with it and I will tell in the extremity, ok one extremity pakadunga I am asking should you wear second hand raw material then everyone will say oh no no what is he talking about so it is clear that second hand raw material should not be worn because of it everybody  No one will send it, don't wear it. What is the problem in buying second hand people and bed? You are buying bed from the market, are you buying any second hand thing, you are not in it sir.  Off de Energy, its alternative, if you want to buy it second hand, then you can buy it from someone in the family, your elder brother, younger brother, brother-in-law, brother-in-law, which he had taken and you know, you know, he did not have an accident in it, someone like this.  In what I will tell you, I will tell you a mixture of practical Vedanta, old knowledge, astrology, energy. Some of them will seem logical to you and some may be like a navel. Okay, there is logic in everything now, but it is platinum to understand. Go to membership A, which is not logical, then classes are going on there, it is okay, it is possible that I am dying in the bed, you can take the old bed and give it to a new couple, that is not right, even if you have one inside your house.  If you have any bed on which an elderly person has died or Germany is coming or the energy is the same, then it should not be given to a new couple, only then we make the same thing again and again, this is a wedding bed.  So what is given at the wedding should be given.  This furniture etc. should always be given to the girl on her marriage. There is no need to talk about dowry system in this. Some things should be given as per the marriage. The good things are appreciated in them. It is only an issue of nayepan, there is nothing else because normally someone is his daughter.  If you don't give a second hand maid on the wedding, then only that much is hers and if nothing else is required to be given then it means that if you give the navel then you sleep on a new bed, a new couple, a brand new made new bedroom, what do we talk about inside the houses which  would have children That cup of the elder must have been used in the houses, he put small clothes on the younger one, don't do that, now many of you people will give me the counter argument for this, a lot of waste is happening inside the house, this world, okay, this smell is a lot inside the world, it is waste.  If we write you like this then the world will become a crowded place. Look, you cannot apply this logic in everything like this, then you use counter logic, these Americans and these foreigners, I don't know which vehicles have been driving for how many years.  3 in liter KM gives an average, we have never seen moral science in this, what is happening in the world and we look at this whole contract, we say that whenever we do something in which our money is being saved, which we think is good for psychology, we are 1.5 crore region.  Let's find a way to justify it. I am saying that those things can also be done. Do n't do it in your house. For example, like I will teach you sometime, I will teach you this, I will sometimes say that, we will give a blanket to a poor person.  We ca n't give it to any king type of person. In my astro classes, do they know what is its system that things are given to the king according to the king because it will not be digested. They give you a blanket.  Do you know that Red Cross people also give to whom? So the person's energy suits them. For example, to learn one thing, not every kind of person can eat. The one who is starving, the one who has no food, the food available to him is useless.  Sam Source  Of Nutrition Same Choice Idli Then I will make that video of my Daan, in it I will explain very well how wrongly we are giving Daan and thinking that we are giving Daan, we are not seeing anything, we are giving smell, people.  And we think that he is a great philanthropist, I will tell you otherwise sometime but today I would like to remind you that avoid taking second hand things. Now in this people will say that even if you buy a house in resale, all of it should be brand new.  No, it is not practical, all this advice is being given on practical basis but I would definitely say that whenever you buy a new house or an old house and live in it, you should change the commode in it and change the sanitary fittings of the bathroom. Take this, I will definitely tell you to give it fresh paint in the house, if some tiles can be changed, the wood work in the kitchen can be changed, change one of its energy, then definitely change anything if it is broken. Revam it in the house, I will tell you this in my upcoming real estate classes also, I will teach you that this is also going to be a very good business opportunity. It is being used in many places in America. It is called philipping of houses in English or something like this.  What is irrevert, what is smooth, what to send, I will teach you very well how to earn money, I will teach you how to buy houses second hand, you can definitely buy them, but some of them will give you energy, energy, etc. If you are taking a car or anything like this, then all its seat covers will have to be removed at the level, but what is practical is that you do not know exactly how much has been removed and how it is.  What is that? There is a frustration associated with it. It is said with a new thing that a new thing is an expensive thing and becomes cheap again and again. What is our basic essence when we buy any second hand thing that we need to save money and get value for money? What can many people do with second hand cars? If they are getting a BMW then they have to show off it. They are owned by many people. This BMW will be visible to the world. The world knows it is second hand and the world knows what is the value of second hand car.  You are feeling that this is necessary in a second hand thing which does not seem like a show, then definitely remember that whatever is the level of energy in any second hand thing, whatever enjoyment is to be had from it will be very less in the family.  of  It can be taken that brother, laptop, you are doing it, the child is doing it, there is no problem in it, it is okay, the things of personal space are left from the body, the things which the human body leaves more, put them in that word, like mattress, I have given it extreme.  What example did you take earlier, is the brief okay and what else is it? If all of them were Agri, then my degree is done by him, we still live in houses, we vandalize things and fix them by painting them, okay, clean and neat.  If you can then the application of second hand in very expensive things is reduced but make it a part of your life that I will never buy anything less than Rs 1 lakh second hand. Many people are buying old furniture. Furniture is antique.  You can take an old one made of real wood, but you get it polished and polished, then it will change, okay, because the level of polished wood is of a very high level and the old wood is very good, okay, you can change that seat cover in it.  will do everything  It will change but like people buy plastic things, if they are made of plastic, then you should not even take a stand for the first time, so avoid taking second hand things, concentrate on first hand things and I have ever seen this in relatives, if you have clothes like that.  Let the elder brother wear the younger brother's and elder sister's dress and wear it in real blood but do not take it from the relatives, because what is the name of the child, it will be worn by your child and you do not know, now you will wear the child 's clothes.  You  You are following the belief system and frequency of your parents, whether it is right or wrong, but we will not discuss it, but what we will do is that it is not right between you and him, confusion arises and you become like this.  And never look at the child, those clothes are old, and the child has not come, friend, it is your child, clean the new clothes, take durable ones, do as you wish, do not take from others, sometimes if you have to give, then it is okay.  if you give it to the lower class Willing to take a lot because that child is still getting positive. For example, like a jacket of your child is worth three-four thousand rupees, what happens many times [Music] I will give that to the maid's child.  If a jacket worth three to four thousand rupees goes away, it will do good to his child, it is fine there, but even after getting tired, we save here, this is what I am telling you, do not save, this is to be avoided, this is when India was poor.  no it's time for him  That is, we are not big on this, we have made it a cultural thing, it makes a lot of difference on the size of a small child, I want to tell you that the daughter-in-law has grown up and is very big, I tease her, the younger one used to wear my shirt, so this is how mine used to do.  He is a child, he is suffering from emotions, then he will take a bigger plot, a bigger flat than you, you will compensate for all the time and this is the story of elders, so how can I tell it to the elder brothers and sisters too, because a child is a child, he does not react.  will get but  All the elder brothers and sisters who are listening to me, you see that their younger ones are more active in things, because they have so much of it from within, because the elder ones will not get everything because now from where will they get it, either someone else.  You have got hold of the relative from whom you take you and then he gives you further, that is a different story but in the middle class, no, there is no need to do this now, 2022 is ending, 23 is coming, okay now there is no need to reduce this, you are actually I am so pure  No, what should be done is because if there was compulsion, then things will have to be done out of compulsion, but if they are being done without compulsion, do not do them. Buying a second hand phone is fraught with danger in itself, in which the man does not know what to say by doing something like this.  What all is there inside it, if not anything else, then I don't know what is its name inside it, if you ever change your phone, you may buy less but keep it for yourself, don't post it for second hand reasons, only videos remain in it. something else remains and  Some coins are rare and don't buy it from someone else. It's okay. I don't know what he did by calling her on the phone and what scandal can you do that after six to eight months, because of the IMEI number, you tell me from whom did you get it?  The same are also less, don't do second hand, I will not buy anything. Now the question comes that you have to sell something second hand, that is also wrong when you know more in selling, then you do not sell that thing to him that much.  have to give  So if you give it to someone then brother, take something like this because the people are engaged in taking a thing worth ₹ 10000 and going out together, then buying, then selling, then buying, then selling. This mindset keeps a person actually poor, one thing.  Take all the juice out of it and throw away all the passion. This should be the approach. Could I make you understand, were you able to stay in [ __ ]? If I was successful, did I hit you with something? Oh man, there is something wrong with bed sheets, don't you take a second?  I am ready to buy curtains. What is your cut off? I want to ask this. You have understood the clothes. Just as I have gone to the raw ones again and again, everyone has understood that the curtains will be second hand and will not be bought again. What can you take? Paintings. You can take paintings. They do not have that kind of energy. Paintings can be used a lot. They change hands. Antique things can be taken. Many things of this kind do not have that kind of energy. No one uses them as much.  its old  The value will increase due to which if there are coins then the story is different there, but the rest of the places and end is very good anti like there is any anti thing, then it becomes of different level, the energy is different so I hope I am not getting confused. He is not talking about the kings and princes. I am talking about Sharmila Tagore ji's century. Kareena Kapoor ji is not talking about it in the family. People will reach there only. First of all, I will ask if it is in your house, keep it, wear it.  It's okay but it is of very low level, whenever your M is towards second hand, it is not to save money, there is a problem, that is the feeling, not second hand and cheap, there is a problem, in the family, doing things to each other is such a bad thing.  There is no heritage of your house, he is not doing anything to him, someone's sword is lying tied, someone's coin is someone's jewelery is gold, the inn is old, why throw it away and keep buying new ones, there are no shoes among these things, this is a belt. Inheritance is ok. Listen someone, you must have understood the things which have issues. I think it is ok that no one should buy second hand utensils. Second hand cars like yours are very popular. I would say do n't buy a car, take a good car, take a strong car, take a fresh one.  no take