Hello friends, taking the marriage series forward, in this video we will talk about the importance of pre-marital counselling. First of all, what is it and why is it important and today everyone should do it whose children are getting married.  Or if not the parents, you can also come on your own, it can be done as a family, it can also be a couple and it should be done openly, there will be a consultant who will provide it.  The Services I am a Marital Counselor, those who want to take service from me, by doing PMC, the short form of Pre Marital Counseling is given below by doing PMC, whatsapp-web, many marriages are being done on Ansh, on Ansh, I will tell you the examples which have come in front of me and the stories.  Hearing that, the man becomes like, 'Dude, if this is happening then I am bringing hot pakodas from the current market, you guys listen carefully, what is there in pre-met counselling?  A man is sitting like me and both the parties are sitting and this man is asking such questions to the one on the left and the one on the right which maybe they cannot ask each other but after asking the other one comes to know because you are not shy. Asking a simple question like a girl does not want to have a child after marriage, she wants to do something behind her job and he said why are you not doing it and she said I don't want to do it so he said first.  why didn't you tell me You did not even ask, now people will say to those who listen to you, hey hello hello, what are you saying, you will have a child after marriage, you will have a child, why do you have to ask this? Yes, these days you have to ask, listen, the listeners are very surprised, aren't they?  People are getting married, the girl is getting married, the boy is getting married, now the marriage will happen if not in one year, if not in two, if not in three, then in four. Baby will come in four, it is a natural progression, you should ask, if you feel shy then you will be asked about the expectation from marriage. What will happen exactly? What will happen exactly? I ask this because when a boy wants to see a girl, then the first thing he sees is beauty. Either it is a boy or a girl. She should be fine. She is also good looking.  So it's good, just talk to us whenever you want. We just want a good family, the girl should be fine, after that she comes by bus, then all the demanding programs come out. Hey, one has to wake up early in the morning, not so much.  So you must know how to cook food, if you know it well, then you must give it to mom and dad too, there should be this much, yes, where does this come from, where does this come from, first ask whether you can cook food.  At what level does it come? Now what do people say about it? No, no, people will lie, they will do it like this, no one lies, ask openly and how much limit can a lie have, that means there must be a limit to it too, no one can cook properly.  If he comes, he will tell you, it's good.  There can only be so much lie that a person does not even know how to put a vessel on the gas and how much lie can he lie to you? If you are the husband and the future boy is listening, will you wash your shorts and vest yourself? You said, till now mummy was washing it or  Someone else was washing after marriage, will you wash or is it your expectation that only your wife will wash, brother, talk to me now and later, why be sad that you will wash my underwear, vest, socks and you will wash my clothes and so on.  You will also set my wardrobe or tell me, you will not do it or it is my expectation, if you are in the mood, then do it, then I will make a living, ask clear cut, or ask clear cut, and that girl, who is a girl, is a girl, or that clear cut, ask.  Bha, which house will you take me to, how much will your parents' children keep, how many will they come, where will we come, where will the setup be, can we or ours come, this dialogue of the girl kills many mothers.  The mothers of the boys, if they have a daughter, or in our country, they do not even drink the water from the girl's house. To convince someone else, they do not go there to drink water, nor do they drink juice. Perhaps it is okay to go there yourself, but others. To narrate, we will say that we don't drink water, we don't drink water, all these idiots should come, we can give one hour of consultation, no where is your life to go, otherwise a lot of hours are wasted in the courtroom.  And  Then after that you do the Panchayat, then this is what happens in North India, brothers and uncles will come, uncles will come, grandfathers will come, Panchayats will come, villages will come, theirs will come, they will settle down and they do so and so and so, they don't know anything today.  What standards have become in the market in the days of 2022? Uncomfortable force questions which should be asked and I have a list, I have 50 such questions out of 100 and they are being asked in clear cut form from both the parties, many things are being asked, I can tell you this, even I feel a little like this in telling something on a public platform. Because it is a matter of privacy, it is not exactly asked, but it is required, bombs explode later otherwise it was not even asked, you tell me how many of whom?  Marks have come, can't it be asked specifically also, how many were there in your 10th, how many were there in 12th, to get an idea of ​​the basic IQ, what was the boy's IQ, what was it, where do you work, questions can be asked on job, questions can be asked on job aspirations.  The same thing can be said if a boy or a boy asks a girl or a girl or a girl asks a boy, it seems like an interrogation, it is a fact, it seems like a lot of questions are being asked, these people are very rude, this is the third one.  The man asking who neither has any friendship nor relationship with either of them is a paid consultant, is taking money and is asking very nicely, then the man does not get distracted in that, the man remains clear in that and what kind of expectations do both of them have in that? What are the expectations regarding career because many husbands are such job hunters, they are so dedicated to their work and job that maybe this wife may not like it and that is the thing that is asked - how aspirational one is, how much profile one has, how many jobs one has.  Is there growth because of you, what is happening, many things are going on in the prison, let me explain to you, many of these cases are seen with me, but the family of the girl looked after the boy, the family was rich, the car was nice, the house was nice, the boy himself was 40.  He used to work for Rs 50-6 thousand, but looked like a decent boy and it seemed that he was so rich, nowadays you know that he has kept a house of 500 yards at the rate of Rs. 2.5-2.3 lakhs. Got married, doesn't give a single rupee to his son and doesn't give him happiness and all that money is under the control of mother-in-law or father's alpha male and beyond them, I will make you videos openly on these topics. Talks City. You thought that your daughter will be happy.  Brother, even if the king goes away, just like Diana ji had gone, it is not necessary to be happy because he has nothing at his disposal, no car, he can come if he can't, what to wear, what to eat, all these things did not happen, you only.  Brother, I have seen so many things like this.  So it will be good, similar to girls and boys, I am telling from both the sides, it is not that the heads burst from one side, it is amazing that the girl has seen you like this, it is okay, she does not do anything, she becomes father's angel, ask brother.  Listen, if you sit in Papa's fairy house, then Papa is not here, here the house belongs to someone else, okay, what will you do, if you don't do the job, then what is your routine, what will you do, how much will you do, look, we will get you to sweep, wash the utensils.  No, we also have a status and you also have a status, but what will you bring to the table, write one line in English of all what will the other spouse bring to the table, this is what it is discussed in pre-marital consultation, brother.  This table is a dining table or call it a table. According to the proverb, who is bringing what on it? He is a man, he has to bring money, he has a job, he has to earn.  You have to provide shelter also, your wife is coming with you, you can provide it from anywhere, it is ok and tell it clearly that this is a mill grinding shelter of the parents, this is a rented shelter, this is a shelter registered in my name, it has to be clarified that  You will stay here for the whole life because what is the matter, it is not asked, if the girl's family asks then they will say that our family likes to [ __ ], this is the kind of language used in Haryana, a big [ __ ] has come.  Yes, here it is, this kind of loose talk and language is used, that brother, you should check by knocking in advance, do n't you tell me, do you go to buy a mobile phone, do you go to buy a car, do you go to buy a phone, a TV, do you go to buy a fridge, do you take anything.  You go and ask the next person how everything works, how much warranty is there, how much guarantee is there, what is there, you talk about things like 30 40 50 60 thousand 1 lakh, you buy an air purifier, you buy an AC, you get married here.  It is happening brother, you cannot ask questions under pressure, I know but the expert is sitting there to ask 100 questions, such questions will be asked to you that both of them say, both the parties will thank you, brother, you have asked this, sorry, sorry both.  Okay, sir, we had thought like this, if you are like this then sir, don't marry again, this is also a benefit, it is not necessary that marriage will take place in pre-marital consultation, it is also fine, as someone says.  Na, match the horoscope, I am an astrologer also, but I say, do pre-marital consultation more than the horoscope, because in a marriage in India, you are marrying a boy and a girl and you are matching their horoscope, oh brother, the horoscope of her and her mother-in-law too.  So mix it up and also mix it up with her and her mother-in-law, she will call from here and teach him, she will teach him by doing like this, you understand what I am saying, this is the horoscope of the boy and the girl.  What will happen by mixing and on top of that, the qualities match, the qualities match, for the qualities to match, there should be qualities, you are mixing the qualities, the qualities should be there in actual, right, I am speaking a little sarcastically, it was a joke, it is okay to laugh a little, so these days, the qualities are  He too is not late, wakes up late, he too does not know how to cook, he also does not know how to cook, boy and girl are equal, brother, our daughter is not a daughter, there are less sons, there are no less sons, the daughters too have passed away, they have passed away because the daughter was here.  son here  Now Chhora Chhori equals Chhori Aad, she has come here to steal, saying that we are not less, yes, there is no less, it is okay, if not less, then there are more, there were more, we have come here, it is okay, now the heads are bursting, then the heads are not bursting in the society.  For this, there is a need for this, what kind of topic do you people suggest, will you do pre-marital counselling, then write in the comment section, PMC, whoever wants to take such service can connect, yes, get it done, how do you get it done, it is absolutely fair, no one will get distracted in it, like this.  It doesn't mean that someone has the upper hand, the same question will be applicable to both of them, what will you do, tell me what you will do, tell me how much you will do, tell me how much you will do, tell me what is your plan next, brother, leap of faith is definitely there but asked.  Problems in Pachi at 70, I am not saying that brother, if you get this consultation done then there will be no problem but you get a lot of clarity, it is a fact, it is enough.  If you get it then tell me how you liked the video and share it with people. Thank you very much.