Hello friends, why decision making is not possible in real estate, why is it lax and what are the disadvantages, this topic will remain, what to do, I will also tell its solution, drill state is the highest ticket price for any other individual in life, no one spends more than this, super expenditure on weddings also.  It does n't happen on education. It becomes more expensive than this. Including Mukesh Ambani ji, it is the biggest personal expense of every person's life. Even if you buy that plane. 600-700 crores, but if they also build a house worth three-four thousand crores, then it will be maximum for Mukesh Ambani ji, so whether you are rich, very rich, middle class, lower middle class, the expenditure is highest in this, so whatever expenditure is incurred in it.  If it is more then one should know the tools of decision making because now the market which has gone will not give you time, power will go over in five six, now many people should have added it just because of that. You are not interested in the city or you are not interested in the plot. You will not know what is the rate at which it is being paid and how quickly it is taken out. So learning will happen from that only, brother, if the rate of 75000 yards of Hooda's plot in Rewari is kept.  Normally it is 50-55, 6000 rupees are kept in Rohtak, in Sector 1, Sector 2, lakhs of rupees have been spent in some places in Sector 14 etc. Lakhs have been sold in Hisar, so if there is awareness about them then only I will be able to compare what is expensive and cheap. If in your Sonipat, Aldeco is selling lakhs of rupees per yard, you have to check all this by Google, then you will have orientation.  Will it not be cheap, otherwise you will keep speaking as per your opinion, that is, to check the fever, it is more or less, we put a thermometer to check the BP also, 120 Bisi is within the normal criteria, then we measure it and see more.  If something is less, then let us know how will the decision making happen because only when you have to take it, you come to understand, then you cannot understand the thoughts, it is the same, you have to be in the market all the time, real estate course for platinum members.  The class is on, it will be on Sunday, whatever is coming now, okay, I will tell you in time on 18th September, it will be in the morning itself, probably around 10:30 am, the topic will be how to calculate your budget, these people do not calculate their budget only.  Many people do wrong, they do more or less, they do too much and the one who is going to invest will see how to do it, this is my budget, the one who has too much money, how to calculate the budget, man lo, if you have 10 crores then should the budget be 10 crores  You should go according to which parameters you should go according to. I am conducting a course to learn the parameters. You have to take platinum membership. You have to press the join button and WhatsApp me that I have taken platinum.  Membership is on for the course classes and recording of all the classes will be done only then the decision making will be done. This is necessary because if you are listening to me at this age of 28 30 35 40 45 50 then you are not going to go to any college, you must be educated.  In preview, you do a job and earn money, so you are not spending any time or money on your learning, nor should you because what will you do now 40 45  At the age of 50, you will get the tools to do velvet. I am happy that there is a party from Chennai, he is also learning by joining and it feels very good because he is learning so that he can analyze his assets properly and restructure them.  If there is a need to restructure them, to monetize them, to create cash flow, to learn further things, they have created so many assets, so they already had the potential, there was some earning capability, only then they reached there, but despite  Date, if they are learning, then who is learning because the middle class does not learn, the middle class would say that whenever I need, I will go and give the pot code, then water will come out, when I need to go and drink tea, I will go to Darjeeling.  I will go there and pluck the leaves, then I will dry them, then I will make tea, then I will drink the tea, brother, you take tea man, whenever you want to drink, you should have a tea bar. If you want to drink, then why do n't you take the time?  When you go to Darjeeling and want to eat roti, will you go to the mill to grind it or will you first grind it and then bring it roasted, it should be available ready for you to make, neither because today you will see what will happen in the times to come.  The product will come, will be explained, the rates will be told, some of its photos will be shown and it will be said, tell me, sister, did you like the pleasure or not? Now sister, I will ask my husband once, I will ask my sister once, I will ask my mother once, I will get the pleasure.  Sir, then say, hey, suits will keep coming like this, something will keep happening, something will keep happening, something will keep happening, so you will keep saying like this, suits will keep coming, but that suit rate will increase and then understand, it is still there, isn't it?  What without understanding, because if you come again then you will have to ask mom, then dad, then husband, then once again I will ask and tell you, first of all I asked, why don't you hold a conference in advance, all these types of products are available. This budget is looking for something in this budget, this area, this location, this kind of builder, as soon as he will be my hole saline and I will get targeted like this, I will love you from tired, I will take this, I will not take this, I will not take this, I will not take clear.  It should be, I am taking this for investment, I am taking this, I am taking it, now the NRI brothers, they live far away from us, their research, let me touch them, you are so surprised, now I I am asking that some guy is calling from Toronto, he is calling from Hellsing Key, is your Indian fine and is the level of awareness brother, where do you get this information from, please tell us something, now the number is same, no tax with us too. Change it, Bhai Saheb, he does not live here, you invest money, the information is complete, which site he has to go to, where he has to take the food certificate, after eating the take out, is it written in it, which one is going backward and which one is going forward and  These are the times, not always, but the times are there, you are of them, I also have to learn from them, I have learned that you have turned out to be a big Jagga Jasoos, here we used to think that I am one of the biggest spies here, if you have turned out to be bigger than me, then where can I learn from?  It is being done because there you know that the dollar is getting stronger in dollar and rupee and if it goes towards 90 then those people have 25% benefit only in currency rate and the rest of the adjectives can be used separately.  R  Very very hawk hawk, everyone is looking at me like this, whatever has happened here, hawking is called the future, I do n't know which English word it is, dove, it is like relax and ho, meaning they are looking with such sharp eyes, eat and they are able to understand due to tiredness. Is Brand Location Price Brand Location Price Payment Plan Because Payment Plan If the money is to go there in 3 years and it is being locked in rupee terms today then it knows that in 3 years if my already dollar 25% 20% stronger  It's done and further 20% will be my 40% return, so I will eat it and we our friends, the domestic players, are sitting here like this, it has become expensive, this cannot happen, all are thieves, everything will fall, everything will be destroyed, the sky will be destroyed  There will be a recession, there will be a loss in America, there will be a reception in America, that is why NRIs are flocking to India because it is not coming in India, so tell me, if it is coming, then tell me, right now they are going out, eating, roaming around.  You are buying slippers, you are buying shoes, you are buying clothes, look at the salaries of the maids, look at the salaries of the laborers, whoever is in the lower class who is weak due to the level of salary, look at the inflation, look at the price of nothing else, buy some multigrain. I used to take it as superior, that is, I came to know only yesterday that only Rs 10 packet comes, Rs 500 note used to go, I used to get some of it, when it came the day before yesterday.  I have to pay more than Rs 500, which used to be higher earlier. Inflation has increased. You tell me, I am talking about the rate of wheat. Wheat has increased so much that in one and a half to two years I remember the one which used to buy MP wheat. Okay, so inflation is increasing brother, inflation is not increasing, money is not coming anywhere, so at this same time, how much is real growth, how much is net growth, and we will take that economy class later, but for me,  It seems that if I have to run away on a treadmill, if I have to stay there, if not, run away, then what will happen if you go back? We don't know whatever we want in the stampede, but people are not finding and the keys are not there, there is a lot of tax inflation, the world is running away in real estate. It is visible in the way the projects are being carried out when the time will be told as if this August was last month, it was the best August in the last 10 years. For the property market across all markets in India, if every month turns out to be the best in 10 years. So you see, CR is saying best of D time enjoy, I am saying absolutely structure, it is clearly visible in the next three to four five years, because there is genuine demand, because and that is in everyone's mind.  Have you got clarity about this thing, brother, first of all, the family is your own, the house is your own, then you join your real estate course, like Masterji, like Guruji, write more slate these days. Samjhaunga, who makes notes by doing this, also becomes mobile, I will tell you how to calculate the budget and there are so many topics that will come like D and D course which will take time, 67891 classes will continue, you will be able to find a job in other real estate forms.  For maybe 678000 and if you are already doing this kind of thing then you will be a great player you will understand what is going on because unless you  Will you understand, samjhaoge, if you want to become Ravi uncle ji, Ashok uncle ji or Rohit uncle ji, does your relative know that he has his own cake, it is okay that your sister-in-law calls you sister-in-law, brother-in-law, ask my brother-in-law. If you ask, it seems big, doesn't it? Here, brother-in-law knows a lot, we are every brother-in-law, brother-in-law knows everything, it is okay, so she would have got her pick, but brother-in-law knows everything, brother-in-law. You will have to learn, otherwise, if you want to become that brother-in-law, then go so that everyone tells you that you know everything, take the commercial story, why not take it, where to take the plant, where not to take the plant, where to take this, where to take that, why not to take the budget.  How is it, what is it, what is the calculation, if there is more maintenance then why is it good? Less maintenance is a bad thing and more maintenance is a good thing. How does this happen? It means something different. Three-four classes or videos on the balcony are all everything.  Will be record you join for whatever reason you can see it and your on time I will request people who are platinum members you join D class life tomorrow's class is at 10:30 am 10:30 pm tomorrow's bole to 18 because you can  If you are watching the video tomorrow then there will be a class on 18th September, Life 10:30 am on Sunday, please join, I will tell the case well in my own style.  I will also tell you a lot of studies. Status: Have you released a movie in India? You can defame it, you can speak bad without watching it, Brahmastra is good, it is bad, don't watch it, acting is bad, acting is bad, brother, you know so much about real estate. Isn't it your thing too, brother, a good leg gets spoiled so easily and first of all, it cannot be said that it is bad or good because it is gray and gray is understood and decision making has to be taken in gray only. You understand my point.  So understand in totality  It takes some time to understand, you join adervise, normal videos will keep coming, you enjoy them, you are enjoying them, you are understanding them, there is no problem, it is okay and it is not that every person has to take a little in it.  The fashion should be that I have to learn real estate from within, meaning there should be that passion because there is nothing above this, no human being should buy anything above this, governments buy ships, time and bombs and do n't know expensive things but one.  A normal person has no ticket price above real estate. I have taken the example of Mukesh ji and tell him that he also buys the most expensive thing himself. How many lakhs of crores does he have with money, but the biggest ticket price cannot be clothes, education or marriage.  We spent Rs 100-200 crores on the marriage, we built a house worth Rs 4000 crores, we built a house worth Rs 3000 crores, the ship also cost Rs 5600 crores, but the house was built expensive but the same thing is for you.  When every person will see transactions worth Rs 100 crores in his lifetime from a 50 year old child to a 75 year old child, that person's inheritance from his parents, sister brother's children, his own relatives' wife's parents, then you will be among those 100.  Positive Lee has the power to influence transactions worth crores. Most likely, if you have learned from it, not only in your life.  Money will be made, you will get fame in all your inner circle and among relatives because this is a very good time pass because everyone will teach you and if you go above one level in this then you can also monetize in this. You will understand a very good thing. I will try to post my result on my own because I have taught you to check this but I myself keep getting editions every day. Okay, so I hope so. Maximum Platinum Membership.  It is going to be interesting but it this way it has much structure I take questions and answers also people get you speak also and I will do same recordings also of D and questions also so date people don't miss out so you guys join platinum membership and  Let me know after taking it and let's learn this thing which is not taught in any university in this country.  If it is taught in some college, if it is taught in some school, if it is taught somewhere else in some organization, then you tell me, it is told everywhere, whatever is the property, go sit, call here, this is a browser, brother.  Sir, I just know that you will become so intelligent that wherever you go you will be asked which institute you have come from, okay which platinum membership you have taken, okay those people will recognize you and my platinum. Wherever the members go in Gurgaon, they are recognized but they get recognition and I like it very much and they themselves say, okay, it is good to learn from there and you guys are okay, then the topics will be very interesting, every time I  I will come and cover whatever day it is, one day before the minaret. Brother, I will give you this opportunity again and again because I think this is the time, because I have not done it in summers, I am not going to do it in the rains. Right now, from Navratri to Holi, it is a very good time for you to learn in the winter and do that and then I also teach you the stock market, I also teach you astrology, you don't know what all of you enjoy in it, some small thing.  It is not a separate thing, there is a video recording van membership, so whoever in your family understands the thing better can do it, you can do real estate, mom will do astrology and wife will do stock market or vice versa.  Well, whoever understands, every platinum member can share the link with their blood relations, so there is no need to take everyone, you can send the link to your father, you can send the link to your mother to your blood relations, outside of that, I will.  Don't ask for a date but send it to one or two people who are close to you and who would benefit from a particular topic, so there is no need for everyone in the family to take membership.  Everything will be done by one man and I have some more announcements in the future, I will tell them at the right time, I have more plans, Latin members have to take me here to this level, very interesting person, so hope to see maximum of you tomorrow.  Thank you very much