Hello friends, today there is an interesting topic, brother, you should also not color and then why you should not dye your hair black, this is the topic, such interesting topics will be available on YouTube, this is my speed, if you have not subscribed to the channel then do so, if you enjoyed the topic at the beginning.  Like it and press the bell notification button to complete all the things and let's start. Yes, why should you not dye your hair black, then I will tell you the practical aspects from different gases in the stomach, some health care specialist astrologer.  PT Energy Speed ​​Psychology Everything will be there Watch the video till the end It's a big topic Hand can be a topic of discussion If you listen to me then this video can be life changing in 1 to 2 months Your life changing video Small talk Why hair is black  It is okay not to do it and if you still have to do it, then I will tell you in which color to do it. Jagan, no brother, it is okay, then we edit the black hairs, the ones that turn white are pre-mature, this is the reason for that.  Maybe there is a meeting, maybe because of the butt, okay, these are the results, one can get knowledge in the rarest of rare regions, some people can get the knowledge only from Sadhguru Ji, then the hair becomes completely white, okay  I will not consider that too as an extract, that is, I have held true experiences and have gone through certain things, when it happens to you without even realizing it, I understand that he too is being liked by the mistress.  I will associate the knowledge on the soldier on top of that the injection is going to be done rot time when you get to know when things and the case is okay and how is this I want to tell first that when you dye your hair black yes then first of all someone's  White does not happen in a day Other Center Rarest of Rare Case People Don't No Throw Back Okay so some hair has turned white, you start turning it black then now you will always have to turn black because all my hair turns white because the color which is  It happens that he also does all the things, so if the hair were white then it will become a thousand, then it will become 10,000, it is okay in this case and you have to understand that whatever we color, we do not cheap dive a little.  Get expensive and vote for Gaurav Solve Web in that also. If you know I bring it in the irritated eyes, it is not good. The condition of your scalp gets worse. Scalp also gets itchy like dandruff.  Hair starts becoming like a buffalo's tail. It is okay that hair loss can also happen to you, so you have to see whether it will go away in your life at some point and you will have to choose whether you should have hair or it should not turn white. It is okay, no meaning.  Being white is better than being white. I have seen some people fly away all their hair in the middle of China and the children here also blacken them and that clear cut lets everyone know that brother, you are robbing me of a shop.  its ok now what do you mean by this  They are doing that, they seem even more against it, okay secondly, the people sitting with such black charts are impressing you, I want to ask the men whether they will get married, this is your wife, this is your children, okay, will I support your third T20 match or the English?  If I too become one, then what would be the meaning of these videos for everyone? Enjoy it with great pleasure and consider it as a don comedy and if anyone applies for it or through any of its messengers, I will tell you if within 45-50 days Life has not changed at all, you have not moved towards peace and productivity, control, fun, peace and money have not come in your life, then you tell me why I did it because of this and does this loss mean loss?  First of all, whoever is caught blackening his hair, you don't do it with such high quality, within a few days, those white lies start appearing. Keep it as a child, he is blackening his hair for Rs. 45,000 and keeps it for whom, who doesn't like it?  do not like it Why do you like it because you must have seen the industry behind it, you got the marks, you used to get ads by the way, didn't you say aunty, then didi wants to bring it, this is a disease, what is settop, then till the time you want to say whenever di, say this brother.  Want and do n't want to be called uncle and aunty Which is that wound cut office then write you are fine my my age and I know I understand how the feeling sir too is white just glue schemes and still going  Through because it cost a lot more than what it is today. Who can't say that the hair is white, it looks like this after all, if its cost is less and it is not making the hair black then it cannot be worth the money and it means that it is not making the hair black. So the real issue has arisen because when even 5560's are black then when you are not following then someone can take more time than you. Watch the special people of the video below to free the neck from the hand and go straight to that and the rest.  He's okay with eyebrows on things like that  But even now I will make it, never do it with a man, it is bad, Mars is bad, this strata is fine, as long as it is good in serials like Roop Singh and Chandrakanta, then in this video, I told all the things to the platinum members in the class, people enjoyed it. If you don't like it, then press the subscribe button. If you want to do this to someone else and to a woman, then I mean my words to someone, they can distract people, but there is a feeling that it is like giving sleep to a woman.  I wanted to press, I wanted to make my wife love me and I find her sexy. If this is your theory then you have not known women at all. Yes, know women and widows. Asafoetida Divya is not so petty.  They dye their hair black from someone else and I will address them also because they are thieves from men superficially but today I want to address men so there is no need because this is your wife who is of the opposite sex. She is not like a man, she is deep, all women send message, they want something else, then it will become a different topic of discussion, this time running value is only for her taking care of children and your family man, directly satisfied in fact towards me.  White hair insurance and all that now you are not going to impress any more women. Not many husbands who go to the gym every day, protein check hair black push push clearly that those wives.  Elements become there, one day I will make a video in that too, I am very happy that where are you going, what are you doing, its symptoms did not suit me, it is fine with me, you have to see when the tweet came, there were also film stars whose money is related to their body.  And yes Bell, why did you stop coloring them because you don't understand? If you don't understand, then you have to color. No, this coloring will be a little long, it will be interesting. If actress Prithvi Kanwar is there, then if you want to stay connected, then by doing this, you will get to know about deep deep things somewhere else.  If even Google is not available then video is important.  It is also possible to share it. Whoever blackens his hair, please forward the video. He does it in his relatives' house and his father does it. If anyone creates a disturbance, it's okay. Have fun. Let him hear it. Then what do you do, that unknown scoundrel, you are mine.  If he is enjoying me like this, then you listen carefully and film stars are a regiment that we common people cannot complete, with what quality, how to do it, at what level and professionally, this is the question of buffalo.  That the quality of the hair was there, that you would keep roaming around with it after the quality. Why didn't they do it? Could they have kept it in their own color, why haven't they kept it? Have you ever thought because of the skill set of the people and the frills of the people?  And the condition and the way they do it, what to put on it, then this is to be applied, which temperature to shift to the schools, which, how to develop the terms of being very rich, and your money will not stop earning, the day you will stop doing hair. in your life  Focus will be inverter and you will be told that Akshar I have not seen anything so beautiful from here so something beautiful had to be seen from inside that the first thing is to set it beautifully till tomorrow for example George Clooney Richard Gere I am telling the names of two men, I am their  So, we are giving silver coffee whenever we see and Akshar is top gaya, we are making money, Bhutan has given top actresses to Hollywood on its time, so this is what we have to see if we are going to the office, latest in this too.  Whatever those fee-paying people are doing, brother, you look like a teenager, I will tell you by clicking on which you have to ask, click here, apply oil on the brain, Navratna becomes oiled, cool, cool, cool, cool, is n't it?  You can say that he keeps looking at all the people, but if you have confidence, then if you have this much confidence, and if you are the one who only comes with black hair, perhaps you will not wear white hair in a suit, this is also one if your hair. start turning white and now  Till now you are living on a superficial level, then you found that in life, where does your knowledge come from, your value is not agreeable, creative thinking of the people with John the color of hair and make some information of this, that, so how.  How are those people like you because after one stage the tank and 4268 are golden, its second Ilaaha Ilallah of life starts whatever you have touched me above Delhi 42  The name is University and Half Light, the picture is playing after the interval. Now at that time, it is a very big process for you to blacken your hair. Let me tell you an example. No, I went to a good showroom and he is blackening my hair while sitting for half an hour.  Half an hour is an hour. A milestone. If you do a light massage with oil, honey, your brain gets more racing instead of blackening your hair. What will you do in winter? November-December, January-December, you will blacken your hair even in the month of January, cool-cold.  Cool-cool is such and such, I am telling you practical things, I will also address you women, I will also tell them what to do, whatever is happening, let it happen, what is this, what is this, should I leave my wife and run away, if she does n't agree then  She is going to fulfill it and even the wives who think that if their six hairs turn gray then they will run away leaving their property, they are not even such a small copy of you anymore. This society has to get rid of this thing. This is a waste of time. Yes brother, now there is a problem in my marriage in metro 080. Get married in 24. You tell me that your hair was turning white and you should blacken it for marriage, so will you also not know even after getting married that I talked about this?  Your Saturn is white, isn't it? Should I tell you, what if it happens later? We do n't want to enter into a relationship only on the basis of deception. Establishing a relationship only on this occasion means that if someone has problems with his liver and kidney, it means that someone has something. Get married and then pretend to be a medical patient and lie down with him, isn't it his deception? If something happens to that man, then it is a different matter, at the time of marriage he was a natural boy, if you give him white after six years, then he will eat it and it will be his.  There was no deception, whatever it is, it means you look at a text arrangement, if someone is wearing fake teeth than someone else's teeth, then if he is getting married now, then what is his actual religion, tell him that sometimes he should put it in advance, sometimes like this.  I have an accident  I have kept it, assume that someone else's is a soldier, where I am telling you that the hair does not become so white. In 27 28, you can do all the things with so many razors that if your hair is flying then the hair will turn white and I will marry you on time. That crotch is not in the office, I am not settled yet, so this red San is yours because you have to settle down very well and hold a very good party. I too am at 25. If you are a very green Saturn, then you will not get a very great party. Fact, if you  in marriage market  It is okay here, so you will not get this girl or will you get it, so you are thinking that I should take it very big but in increasing it, your body starts getting scared, the hair is turning white, as much as it looked white, it looks black below.  Let's know something else, you keep it for seconds, you have to see the balance, marriage is a vegetable, in India there is neither shortage of men nor shortage of women, if in India also it stops me that I had found a good girl, but I am not getting a good boy.  If you can't find the definition of good then  You have to change because maybe you are not good, that is why you did not like your definition of good, then coming back to the hair astrologer, I want to tell you that Shani is placed in my horoscope. Nothing is going right today, Capricorn, Aquarius, talk about Pisces, I am Capricorn, their mood is fine, Aquarius is the origin of Mondal and Spices, Sade Sati is going on that your Capricorn.  Aquarius and Pisces Moon Sade Sati is going on. Sade Sati is going on. Sun website took the embassy meeting and made me sit beside those who have pain in the bones in their body. Those whose mothers have leaves, do not dye their hair black. If you are a woman then apply it naturally.  They do whatever they can, they look graceful, nothing happens, don't agree, it's okay to woo men, it's such injustice to your hair, it hurts the bones of all the people.  There is a pain in the bones, stop blackening your hair, it does n't last long, blacken it brown, brother Rahul, sit down, remove Shani, then blacken it, then stop it. I am telling the rest of the people that if you cannot accept my entire statement, then you will accept life.  It is Jhingalala brother, it directly comes to 1234, depending on the color. If it is the one that is bright black, it is black, which means it is like our South Indians, they have slightly darker hair. If you see, they are black and the Indians are the same. No, even normal people don't have that chatter. Stop giving that quick like. Those who like it, stop it and come to the seat below. At least you can believe this much. How many people are going to accept my device? Please comment to me about this in the comment section.  Write in Will power too much and will get back to you If nothing helps then that sleep Strike back like anything and villain Subscribe button What else can I do Subscribe And and who can I cause so much harm  I am fine, don't do it, if you do it then that photo will start becoming yours, then that photo is real, subscribe, you also know this, keep it like this, keep it quietly, take it with me at night, and I will show it to you, and if you go out of the room and forever with your husband, then where will you go with it like this?  By doing this and doing this, if you have felt it, then you have given the correct answer, but here you are creating sensation, there are chemicals, look, you understand my story somehow, I am telling it from psychology, I am telling it from health, I am telling it from astrology.  I am also telling you with energy, I am giving you this guarantee, I do not tell videos like this, you saw, I never speak so realistically, you saw, it is just the work of the Guru, to give knowledge, put a cord, do it, do it, don't do it, Mathura.  Your life, but there is a little bit of mine in this one, ok brother, leave it and see, in a month or two they will all be like that, because they are all strange looking, white from below, black from above and you are cutting Khatron.  Gradually, two months means haircut friend.  If you cut this cycle once every month, then remove two cycles and then see where you concentrate in life, you do n't like it, people will consider us so big, then time goes to the old people, I too am eating big white bread. I myself have dark hair, it's okay, I eat myself, we get respect 9 watch White hair, people with hair are relatively respected in India, White hair people record you, it's okay and respects, sometimes it's okay, it's okay Note to him  ok and someone else  If you repeatedly say to me, 'Uncle ji, call me yesterday, it is okay at the age of 2 years, this is what I am, okay, tell me, then what is there in this that do n't call me is unique, I would like to say it in India, like those who belong to a lower class.  There are people in one level, like the poor people, whom I will call, they have no idea about the centers and brothers, they cannot speak. I have seen you, this year's 32-year-old and 35-year-old also have the technique in reverse camera immeasurably below.  One Mirza, while traveling, calls Glass as uncle, he doesn't know how to speak city, brother, he says, he will like it, you are my brother, and that means we are related, uncle says, sometime, after you have kept your hair black, if we had heard it yesterday, you would have thought.  What is this, what color should I wear because in India even you can't say 'chacha ji', 'kaka ji', it will be related, uncle, on this seat many people call 'uncle', they also call 'aunty', it is okay in that circle of yours.  Generally everyone knows how old you are, this minister, that person, everyone knows your age, your uncle, the knife, not many of you, no one knows what your age is, right, so you do n't even know that you have been suffering for the last many years, people are stunned.  -We remain stunned, we are doing it, the whole world is doing it, if not, then we break the system on this one, that we are related to this relationship, that is related to this relationship, so I felt that he is the husband.  in my wife's age You know and I was ours, so subscribe union type is both boy and girl, so I used to cut it, it is visible because now we do it like this and everyone does it like this, it hurts so much, man, ladies have theirs.  Maintenance is a pain everywhere, waxing also has to be done, they have to be traded, manicure and pedicure are done for 50 hours and in those 50 hours, the BA Honors looking general know how to dye their hair black.  No, how many of them are there in men, still their hair gets reduced, it gets dealt with in just a few seconds, I don't know how much it is used, how much chemical is used in them, ladies' hair is there to show off their hair, so Sadhu is very modern, why did we keep him trapped in it? Why are you running after vanity, whereas if you are a model then it is okay, you have seen India of models, not of Indian models, because if you have ever seen Indian models active, then it is that kind of someone from outside or some of your own.  magazine See, why now the girls there, you have seen that they can carry anything, that is, they are coming out as umbrellas, they are coming out as brinjal, look at the clothes, we have not only shaved our head many times with confidence but have kept ourselves bald and by doing this  Confidence works, learn from them, that work is also being done by the model, she is showing her whatever body and audio notes and very confident one, our confidence level goes because our confidence also goes.  Confidence level is as it is, learn the belt well and ultimately, will you respect even the tableau, will you respect the outside of the body, wo n't anyone stop you from taking care of India? I do FreeCharge, make fun, do massage, do a lot of face massage, phone.  Do a lot of body massage, phone, blood circulation is good, green it, do it, but pick up a chemical and put it on your head, how good and bad taste you know, people have to decide, I will  Make this video, you will make these videos and will make people comfortable in the society. Social Reformer: In olden times it was very easy, educated people were less, educated social reformers are gone, whatever we accepted because it would be understood, their names were taken in this book. Today you see that all the title societies are telling me how to make things, till then there is less trouble, there is less trouble in making fake clicks, not even money is saved, time is saved and they do n't even pay attention to it. Eat something good, buy some good clothes, give benefits to the body, have fun, ball work, how did you like this video, tell the topic in this way and you want such wonderful hours, such life changing hours, how many people are there who spend time on Shani?  We will not seat this energy aircraft which white never lags, many things and rest of us go out, the images are negative, you must have seen, I will make a separate video sometime, if you have seen in all the religions, this is in our Hindu religion but people More  While doing the colony, it is done in all the other religions, while going out, you wear a cap, you must have seen that you have a brother who is as proper as him and he gets a lot of energy, when he goes to the temple, he calls your women, you are alert with your head held high.  And don't know the logic, they thought that it is a respect, brother, energy has to be avoided, if you go to Gurudwara, you have to cover everything, but whatever religion is there in other religions too, they will add it if they see the remaining pages of the machine.  All of them agree that they will keep it, others should always cover their head and go, the thing is, I will cover you all, and you have seen that in the village, they do more in Rajasthan, they do nine, they cover me in a simple way, every pocket is covered with it.  There is one of us who has started blackening when I adopt all the news long ago then why white hair when more less more have heard this. In this way if you want video details then you will get this also. I will give this information to my platinum members.  Everything is practical in class  I am only telling practical things, someone and I seem to have logical percentage. Whatever I am telling while getting up, you can check how many people were following. Indian culture followed, so it is in our culture to always follow.  Did you ever know that the king was wearing a crown, he is a strange person, he used to wear the king's crown because it has energy, it used to get deflected, he will cry, he will ask for justice, he will do something, he will laugh to bay  Neutral E cannot be attracted. Okay, so the work of energy is very much, in which tasks we think that he is just a doctor, he has to wear a cap, so that the hair does not fall, the only thing that is important for us is that we  If we set it in the same way then no, what is next in the back office, what was there before, the rest of the culture, we have learned it, we were the ones who taught, we were the first without it, we are aggressive Sanatan Dharma, okay, so we were there, this was the first, this is all from us.  learned  Took and made us forget all the things and we started clicking numbers, how many uncles are there, will they stop dyeing their hair black now or say call me call me too, that's no problem, stop dyeing their hair black, how many people will stop dyeing their hair black, this After the video, please write to me in the comment section. Even if there are 10 or 20 people, I will feel that I have done good to the lives of 20 people. Friends, many people try to do it, but how many will follow? I am not asking you to do anything.  you do n't have to do anything  When asked for, David was also like this, it is difficult to do something here, we don't have to do it, otherwise how many people are there who will come to that with their original, take the photograph, look at yuppie happier person dot this letter, you are productivity linked classification, like there, real thing, if you mid point.  In this you have stretched it till 2030, okay you have come out of that small level, your focus at night should be growth and money in life because that You don't have the power to blacken your hair, I am telling you about such men, I am based on you know men who are naughty, take hair white, do n't even have hair, which is money, this page and you saw it, exactly one part of the game, if you see the meaning.  Now what should they do now, this is what you have done to them, now what to do because of food, now by taking out the light of knowledge through the method of space, for how long will you hide it, it is a very big part of your life and here only a few are visible well.  Now I had to do it but the hair  They are becoming white and you have to go to black in subscribe, it will be exposed like this and many people then set their suffix and then turn black and then it becomes white. Sometimes except here they please do in  So don't do it at all Central Midfielder Subscribe Keep liking and subscribing, you give yourself to the people that only appointed then it is okay that how many people will be set Video Polytechnic Please write in the comment section and write that I have made my  Do n't dye your hair black thanks to this video. Thank you.