Hello friends, today's topic will be the same - Indian middle class women are not able to work on a sustainable basis, why can't they earn money, why can't they join the workforce, the analysis of their karma may be a little long but the thought process can change your life.  There can be change, this is a fact, the work force participation of women in our middle class is very low, the average in entire India is 19% which is less than Pakistan and Bangladesh and even in this 19  Maximum lower class female participation is very high. As soon as a threshold is crossed, females drop off and start working. All the women I hear are married, housewives or girls, who are also holding jobs or you are mothers of girls.  -He is the Father and all the men and women must listen because you too have either been married or have been married, so it is very important. First of all, the biggest complaint of women is that we do not get support. What is the real reason, the deep reason.  What is there and what is superficial, all will be covered. Participate in the big pragmatic section and I am going to give solutions also. I will not leave on hopelessness, I will also tell you the solution and the things. What is going wrong, what is there in this thinking, it is said first.  That we do not get support, these laws do not support, husband does not support, husband says to leave, if there is no job then don't do it friend, I can support, you want to see someone 20 30 40 50 thousand No one will support women earning up to ₹ 40,000 who have a husband earning 2 lakhs. There is not much incentive to support him because he faces more troubles in life. When a woman does a job or does something to earn money.  There is also a replacement cost which increases the cost, so if the tank was priced at Rs 30,000, it would be Rs 30, but for the water it would probably cost Rs 5,015,000.  Actually, there is no husband to support for cable set 15. Remember, first of all, women should understand that support will come, support will come and support can come to this extent, if you women control your acid and have the courage to keep your husband employed, that you  Leave my garden, if you don't start looking at my manager, then you don't start thinking, think once, think about the same losses, the same husband who does not support. You have seen that no one supports the things and how to do big, how to do big if there is support in the small.  If it doesn't happen, then how will it happen in the future, they will discuss. But first understand that if any venture or thing is worth supporting then it will be supported and many men are supporting the ridiculous jobs of many women which should not be done. It is impossible to put mine in one expense. By subscribing, you are the subscriber.  There are viewers, the old ones know it but the new ones don't put it. Is he a pig or a feminist or someone in between or is that a very strong list? I am a down to earth person, I am practical and empowered.  I am telling this only for the sake of benefit. Many women think that if their husband is doing well then the house will be balanced. No matter how well your husband is doing, no woman should gift a pashmina shawl to her mother in winter. Sakti will ask whom she is celebrating and why she is celebrating her birthday. Giving money from her husband takes away her life. Women's self-respect gets hurt a lot for their expenses. Will he ever ask? One more thing I want to tell you. Many comments.  It is not written in the section that when there is money, then the subscriber of Mostly will not have more money than Mukesh Ambani ji. It is okay because he is already on the second position, so his wife also makes less. If the husband has money, then definitely make less. Neeta is sitting in Ambani ji's house and does nothing. What does she need to do? Hey, you have a life of your own, your own self-esteem, your own respect, whether you have any existence or not, where have I been?  No, we do less in the house, not very little, yes, there is less in the house, we have to do it, we have to do it, you cannot run away from it, and we have to do it together, the children will grow up, the children will also do it, the husband will also do it, the servant will also do it, you will do it.  You will also do everything, in that you many women want to live a life of luxury in the middle class and a part of it also wants to cry, oh we are not helped, as if we had been helped, we would not have known where we would have reached, we helped you and you don't even want it.  No, many people say that after marriage  Our husbands are not allowing us, that's why we have seen that if there are so many women in India who listen to their husbands, then why are the divorce rates increasing? Then whatever you find convenient, you listen, you say something like this from your side, I will do it.  But you will have to do this experiment and see how it helps in India. You stop your car at any place on the road where there is no proper jam and your car starts jerking. By switching to neutral, it will not jerk on its own.  Within 3 minutes, do not try, first 20 people should stand, I will get out of the car, then when 20 people will stand, they are not like this to push to die, you will have to have some courage for 5-10 minutes, one of us will come to die, the car will not let you now.  Then the second one will come, the third one will come, your own husband is ready to help, if you have a feasible plan, then if you have actual, a little intelligence, a little hard work, then just sit at home and watch Netflix, pedicure.  Doing medicare, I see women being unisex these days, years have gone by, I do n't know what they are getting done, now it will be a big success, who are you to say, to say, to do, this is the Indian economy in years, whose procedure can be done as per one's wish.  It means like you go there to get a haircut and you have to wait for 15-20 minutes. Like nowadays, you go to a big unisex place and you have to wait because it is a man and our Jason is only interested in getting his hair cut.  I do n't know what procedure is being done which will last for 8 hours, it is going to last for 7 hours and then I don't know what else will happen with it.  It may sound like he is talking nonsense, why is he doing this but what time is there, I have more time than you, women have a lot of money and at all I don't feel right that they are wasting their lives at the expense of children because one way or the other  Kind  There is an agreement that I will have children unsettled, then don't ask me to do anything, Han Han, it's okay, it's okay because when the children are small, the husband does n't help much anyway, can't do it, doesn't know how to do it, is n't determined.  Have you not taught me to understand? He has 150 thousand reasons, so he also gives the easy way out. Come on, okay, you see this, brother, as time progresses, expenses increase, aspirations increase, if you go first, expenses will reduce and then that.  When Chhotu was a baby, there were no expenses and that too was to be done. What is the biggest mistake that is being made to the women in the society. Whatever option is being given to the women in the form of money and job, they are trying to compete with the men and the men are Women can't compete with Vikas. Men are idiots and donkeys that you can't compete with them. Women are very intelligent. Man will sit till night like a donkey. He will sacrifice his life. A top can sacrifice his family. Positioner Assistant's do not know anything, do not do anything, from such people even men can complete. How will women do? Woman is intelligent sex. Woman is intelligent gender. Woman wants to live life, knows how to give life, knows how to produce life, knows the real meaning of life.  You know, no woman can reach there and to reach there she will have to sacrifice everything and no woman is that stupid but that's why she says I will do less work, you don't see that thing. By celebrating your being a woman, you can save money very easily. There will be a 3-hour workshop to address the problems. You can do it on the number given below. Then don't say no, I did n't tell you what to do.  We don't know, your husband didn't tell me, I don't know, no one else told this poor thing, everyone will say like this, hug the teacher, do that, go to all the offices, as soon as you enter the corporate office, from the reception to whatever nonsense you hear.  There will be these jobs in which there is no point in paying even two paisa. Only women are sitting there, so I have never seen such a big exploitation of women, that is, they are very happy that we just don't have to do anything, because they are just sitting like that, what lipstick.  You have applied nail polish and by doing this you are making him and her miss you and after that as soon as your age crosses 30-32, then you will get married, then you will have a child, if you go somewhere, then you will not even be able to sit there, then someone else will.  Will it be sustainable?  No, my request is to women, daughters, girls, women of the entire society, please do not get in these jobs, they call them like eye candy jobs, I will definitely call them sexist, but I am saying that do not do this, leave it because in these jobs Your future husband is not going to support you, this job is not even worth supporting, wherever you are at a job, if you are a woman, you have to attend at least one phone call, somewhere you have to make some calls and somewhere you have to sit like this, this is dignity.  Don't get into the trap of off-labour, these are 30, 35, 40 who are not going anywhere and this supply will keep coming and you are not going anywhere, then you will say hey my career is not going anywhere and this is what they will say, you should have MBA, you should have English speaking.  It should be done wherever you look, if you are a woman, if you are not able to do that job then you do not have to do that job, do not reduce it because this number is yours, then ultimately you have to sit at home, it is for everyone that it happens.  If it is your retirement, then what will you do, you also know that this is the whole game, then if the body is not shapely, then there is no need to go to the stage of marriage and motherhood because both of them are so sustained by the people, then that 27 28 29  You should get married by then, please, where your mind is not getting to him, I am telling you again and again that it is exploitation, please don't do that job at all and if you are doing it, then have the desire to do something else on the side or learn it. Put it wrong or have the desire to learn there, otherwise everywhere the jobs are below 50, this kind of Madin boring, useless, mindless jobs are getting reserved for women and then after this, you will not speak to us again in your life.  So there is nothing, you have sold your products to these 10 11 year old people of 22 23 24 years to 33 34 years of age, you have created such a witch industry, nothing, brother, you have just sat down and created it.  You have to sit, this is just good morning sir, ok sir, just wait sir, by doing this, you are not going to reach anywhere, if the industry wants it, then less is being done to you, less is being done to you, real less is being done, if you are giving, not even by percentage.  If not even % will be collected from this then you should bypass this entire highway and do something which I have a very good history and I am telling you that please do this on Saturday at 10:30 am on the day of Makar Sakranti to improve your life.  By spending the same amount as 3 hours and a vegetarian pizza, you can do something new in your life this new year, learn something new, know something new on a sustainable basis and spread it for 75-80 years.