Hello friends, the name of the topic that I have brought to you today is By Making Comparison, Not From U Hello friends officer, we have also heard that many people say that comparison should not be done, it is not a good thing, parents say, police say.  These are generally spoken in the environment on social media. Now I want to ask that such things should not be said which are not practically possible and which are bound to happen because knowledge does not work.  It has no meaning in things like I would like to tell you that there is a lot of difference between known in the name of something and when something and for is in understanding something, outside of understanding is offline, just understanding in real life is different in that, so my  According to me, any knowledge is just known to us and it is not working in the active world, so according to me, there is no use, then things should be written in text, questions should be raised, this is my base line.  All the videos, this one of mine is under the new head, the one that I have already seen two-three videos, their name is New Songs Set, Make New WhatsApp, I am running this, so this video is about that thing, so in this  Friends, see, if we buy a phone then we complain that it has got so much megapixel placement, it has its own battery, it has its own rabbit, from that we come to valuations and select things, then it cannot be a bad thing. Compare: Government buys a car, we do the setting here also, we have to buy real estate, we have to buy any such things, we only compare, if we buy the proof, even the name is bad, then we compare, Yash and this become. What is its rate? Is it good or bad? So competition is inevitable. It happens in non-living things and mostly it is like attack. The problem arises when we compare living beans.  If you put it in it, then I will write on the graph of five life situations, one of my points is that I am a driver, I want to do this, at the end, it will be 5 lakh adjectives, it will increase slowly but there will be two or three in antique office, this will give you a lot of clarity in some things.  So you will see a situation, now the wedding season is coming, so Bhavya comes to the wedding, Bhagwati is there at the wedding, so she is ours in it, she goes to visit a lot, she is a relative, she goes to see her and her daughter-in-law.  So when she goes to see him, the instant mind compartmentalises Lana's daughter-in-law, how is she looking good, she is better than me, she will go to high school, so with luck, this is a natural tendency and in that, she is ahead, meaning construction from 15 too.  So let me also tell you whose values ​​are very good and this Pipalani friend of ours is so lucky that she has a very good daughter-in-law in making work, she has very good values, if you think of this in your mind then you should think of Puri Chanakya, you should contact us.  There is no problem when it is broadcasted at home, so this calendar was being fitted to the situation, please like it. Those who do not understand, these people do not because their exams are a part, the example of children first is always parents.  Then tomorrow I listen to this, Sharma ji, how good a boy he is, he doesn't study, he keeps watching TV, he keeps watching YouTube and WhatsApp, look at his daughter, how well he sings something or the other.  Name is not known in the neighborhood, the child is a very good student, 9th Sharma ji's child is modest and this point is an old film, good - good truth, I am speaking enter, which is a daughter, someone has a good song, Mecca is fine or Ashraf -  Ul-Haq will be beans, she will get a daughter like this, whereas you will always get examples like this, but if you save the children and cannot answer back, then they too do not know the sleeves because if the child accidentally says mummy. If your mother 's grandmother makes you different, then see, okay, that child could not have been a child, it cannot be that they are so good to their fans, they sometimes fight, they do n't even have a voice on that word, so child, child, compare.  If you have to do it then the heart gets upset, in this gradually the technique is small, Amazon, everything is good for me, but when you do it at a lesser level, it is bigger, then when sister you are compared, on this day she is ready, why comparison with you?  yes  So a small attack on acting by the ultimate one will cause much bigger havoc than this. If mother wishes, then let's move ahead. What happens next is that I take the corporate special, I take the job situation and we do the parikrama on foot for the first time, as if in corporate.  There are departments like sections, small ones, there will be a good department for you, there will be sales, there will be an account person, there will be a person and technical, then there is a big jealousy factor among the people among themselves because the juice of any company is made.  They are good, that's where the money comes from, they are the ones who care the most, they are the ones who get promoted and they are the ones who die in the sun from being responsible. The client's pest is the same, all other departments are very important. What is the target of butt-sensing people in the company?  The first thing is done about the two sailors, but the sales people get irritated by the dropping of rice sets. The one with real identity is caught, they are more concerned that it is easier to do something, but in the company's policy, he tells everything. Management tells something, some of its own, gives it night, gives it training and destroys a little, its laxative is very good, this should not happen to us and 14 people have their own issues, all of them remain auspicious in this way, measure the next example. Tired of government servants, now the government servants are just taking different inches, what is their syllabus that they have to keep three version increments, they have also given increase on July, if I ever move ahead then there are so many questions.  So districts, let's keep this aside, now let's talk about this game, a text on the power of images tomorrow, second thank you to the organization, now I will puff it up, the problem is that this is a smooth, they say it in our place, they have seen it in Haryana.  Are the banks going to be their ads? They are ours. Hey brother, I had told you where to go. This is where the matches take place. You also had to give the country and papers. By doing something, we become the people who are the ones who have started.  You have got the village consecrated and they are ahead in the exam. Now you are in this 611 organization. This is one of your best creations. And it is interesting that at the time when you are running these people in the country, they have their own programs or this.  This free fun of theirs has increased, I have made my list for them very big and I do all the standards holistically, these people are also different from me at home, so I will show you the complete picture.  I would like to tell the balance of this, what a defeatist approach all four have. Like, you people are making your syllabus very short and now you will be left as a person worth Rs 20,30,40,50,60,70,000. He said that the government will only do that if it has cut it off from me.  Given government reduce it that it reduced mine despite this area super my center down one till now this status whenever you remember in the matter of respect whenever you  Will run after respect in life, will blame the dreams, this pain is a big thing, self-respect is a big thing, I was denying it but how much self-esteem is needed, depends on which things of yours, did anyone pass the chilli exam, he got into something, now that's enough  Only that thing has become ultimate, even later we decorate it with things, you have your own children, everyone has two children, most likely people have what they want to make, maybe the situation is discovered in Undhiyu.  I was just better than you in this, in which you put your children, so in this thing, pot defeatist, I will take it further also, so the fourth point which I have done a better job, now for the fifth, it used to know fashion, whatever we may be.  Can we compare one of our Indian sewing situations that force us to do it? What to do in the comparison, I will tell you right now, it is not bad, it is 90, it should be done, how it should be done, I am coming to that, how is it happening, now I will tell you only that.  I am wondering how the two normally complete the clothes. If someone says this compulsion should not be done then it is like a child or in our mind also everyone has a child, just like a child will be told not to do this work then that work starts.  If it happens, we do n't have to say it, we don't have to compel it, computers are inevitable, we have to pay less, we need abortion, I will tell you how to do it, okay, but for 15 minutes, Amazon with everyone about the situation, what are we?  Let's do it, then how do we make it like ours, which is the best, according to Naira, it is bad, till now we will contact with the best of some other person, my wife does not work, so I am close to the one who works back after asking. And do a competition of the same thing and this is double inch for us, its line is very easy, your maths is less light, you do not do anything in my video, so with this I compared only the wife's, now I have caught it in the second one.  then  Its children are so many soldiers, how well they study, they study in cheap schools, they get bored, they have spent Rs. 15000 on the very one, they do n't know anything, I have caught their children, I have caught hold of the third one, they have very beneficial memories, let them cook everything together. It's because it's so easy, how welcomed I am, how good I look, how good my job is, how much hard work I put into cooking it, so each person's individual is holding the beans and points of their life, which they can give to one or the other. Comment with a man's one point west point, he is not doing it with the children of his own year, every man once in his life, quote matter match, we are carrying everything, we are fine but now by inducing to make our life so Twitter  But simply there is competition in this, among the relatives, among the brothers and sisters, among the mother-in-law and father-in-law, the period has started with our love, we have made mechanic raita, every man's issue, if anyone is at ease, then now let him know.  What is the comfort of money? If you have money, it means that even the old man will take part in the boss and will look good in this contest. You get the opposite feeling. Well, how did you like the things that I will tell you, is it going to be the second or third skin or in the videos?  So I will tell you many things that soon we are becoming heroes as well, that is just the defense mechanism that is coming, two are just raising themselves from this team and all these things and are saying to themselves that they are  There is nothing wrong in being considered intelligent, Shyamal, I also like it very much, but the problem is that if someone else is fooled, then every person should follow his own wisdom. It should be that if you listen to someone's wisdom, give it to him, then for anything.  If parts can live together, then comparison. When I want to tell comparison, if you want to do comparison then you have to do total. That job was in line. We do it absolutely right. We hold one phone, hold the other phone and check everything ourselves.  We check all of it ourselves, give it a rating, but give it a sure shot, so do many sites, open apps, and many people, but when we humans compare our weather, then how will we do that or tear it down?  She does a job but she doesn't know how to cook food for you, she does n't know how to keep a house, you also know how to keep it, her children will teach you to do it, her children will not learn to accompany her, so if you look at the total package in life, you will see.  There is surplus - hey Everyone becomes balanced, take it comfortably, normal in a way, I mean you, I love you all, at that time, thank you, people are worried about this problem, comparison fields are yours, so are the solutions, this concern in teaching is not the word that it cannot be done, why the compilation.  It is happening but there is no tablet to do it in clothes and it is nearby, when this video of mine on temperature matchmaking is there, then it has been sent after very 2 minutes in which I have not seen, whoever is watching then  To watch it, subscribe the channel, if it has been like this till now, I will tell you in a little bit more about it. Used all the best on computers but if everything is on the table and when you bring with everything in the temple complex in this comes difficult and sharing.  And you will realize that the benefit of maintaining minimum balance is in the video on the side, that should be done first, that should be done so that  There is no use of joining Reliance Group after 24 years, every job is good, there is something bad in every job, there is something good in every like situation, there is something bad in every situation, if you keep toxicity high on WhatsApp, people will say that my respect will be less and more.  They will have fun, attack that they are like, get out of this in life, there is a lot to do in like, there is a lot to learn and MS Word is set by your children and if you move away then there will be some troubles in future also, pay attention to them.  Play and you will see respect. Press a button on the mobile. There is less in this department. There is more dedication in this department. There is more hard work in this department. There is a lot of sacrifice. There is less in this. It is useless. There is nothing like that. Ok, the country is free. All the symptoms of paper go away. You apply yourself, get your children done and there is no need to tease again and again that the game you played and the gold medal you won in it is only the multimeter, rest of the tables change in life.  Sometimes one thing is good, sometimes one thing at a time, it cannot be that you had done a good service in 1992, it has such a good reputation, this much will remain in that promotion, it will always remain and will keep increasing and some other servicing, there are changes.  It will remain and take it in writing from me, there will be no chance of getting a government job for 5 years, take it from me, it is a very good thing which is a government also, it has to be done with the meaning of a good thing, whatever is needed, this is true, government job, government ES, everything.  abuse  You get a government job, but the sentiment is that everything in the government is said to be useless, but if everyone wants a government job, then this cup of work is for the members, bills from the corporate, the government, but you people leave it for personal, it only gives bitterness, but if you have to do it, then like  I told you to do Inevitable Yamuna with the package. Do it with all the packages. It will take 1 to 2 hours to do the accompaniment. Don't do it in a second. Her dress is very nice, her child was born very well, her car is very nice, okay.  It's amazing that we compare ourselves with someone. This does n't work anymore. Sitting at home, it's someone like your brother, he didn't take the car. Friend, you do n't know anyone's life situations, it's not necessary. She started asking, what have I lost, what have I sacrificed?  That person looks at us like this in such a condition and we start falling for him, we start growing closer to him, what is he first, you, on many people, whatever we say, we will give our life, that too 211 otherwise it will be an expense.  Let's talk about good things, they should enjoy the expenses, if they do more experiences, in 20 years, when they should contact another brother, Lily, relatives, acquaintances from the circle, then we were just in the job, here Cheyal, every person always likes such a book.  When you were having fun, he didn't do it. It's very hard for the example, friends. What is the action? What is the sequence? Elections for the consultation. You do n't like it. It's okay. You don't like Ashwatik's Shriyantra. Russian change.  Do it, don't change the action, which ones you accept, then both of you have to do this always in your life and there is someone on this video, it will be a little high water also, if you want to agree then share it more and my  With folded hands, I request the people of WhatsApp who are suffering from a lot of toxicity to improve their day by watching my videos and doing very battery things and commenting on the posts written by such great people. That it's okay, that's okay, stop doing it, it's a very family advance, thank you very much.