Hello friends Why As An NRI Now You Should Look At Indian Real Estate Indian Real Estate When I Speak About Projects Of Its Top Seven 10 Cities Products If You Are An NRI And You Are Listening To Me Then First Of All I Have A Very Special Message For You Important announcement: All my NRI subscribers, I am creating a special NRI Telegram group in the comment section, you should join it, the reason behind this is that NRIs  The timings are very different and they always miss out because they are not set as per the Indian timings, so if you are an NRI from wherever you are, be it Right of India or Left of India, I will adjust the timings. For all of you people, because the projects that are coming for you are sleeping in Pune, sleeping in Bangalore, sleeping in Gurgaon because those countries are so far away, sitting in New Zealand, sitting in Australia or sitting in the US or sitting in Europe.  So I will bring them specifically because at many places, some builders have some soft corner for NRIs or some benefits, so it would be better to cover them separately. So if you are an NRI, you are my subscriber, then I will cover them separately.  I am getting it so that even if there are few people but they should know the timely thing I don't want to do webinars when you people are sleeping and you  Are in the peak of your job time so I will adjust the timings as per you and I will situation in the world me what ever I am not a great security analyst nor I do claim but what I understand is that coming back also  You may have to come to many places, you don't get citizenship, you will have to spend money to come, you won't feel like going there in old age, so if you have to come in old age and old age is still 1020 years away, then how?  Where to go and where to take such a place that till the time you don't stay there, only as an investment will be useful and then if you have to come and stay yourself then it is very important for you, NRI, to understand those things.  If you go back then go back then yes, now you can't go there, Munger, Ballia, Ara, you won't go there, if you are a resident of that place or Basti, Samastipur is fine, Supaul is fine, Esensol is fine there, then you wo n't go.  You will not go to Dantewada if you belong to people from somewhere else. Brother, you will not go there. You will go somewhere nearest to you. The one from the south will go to Bangalore and Chennai, Kochi, Hyderabad. Some of the upper ones will come to Pune, Ahmedabad. Because business and money will run only here, it will be small.  City maybe don't go are you ok or investments working in these cities then India's top sen at city I keep covering all of you know I want to say gut the NRI So that I can have timely frequency Which is NRI He is from Australia so I know that he has come from us, he is right on time The people from Dubai and those from Europe are a little behind and the time of Canadian people is known so  We will set those timings as per your convenience. Other wise why I am doing it because every day I have a lot of messages from NRIs that sir I missed this. Tell me which one was this one, how can they not tell, then Telegram is this thing and I want to tell all the subscribers that they should only send telegram messages, after sending good morning messages on my number, it would hang up.  I get thousands of messages, well wishes, it's okay, the work is effected, I will take all this egramswaraj.gov.in management services like it  Is there in the US, in the Western world, okay, many are like that, they will come to India also, there are already some startups like this, but in three to four years you will see it happening in the country and those who are the top builders.  We are starting our own vertical that yes, we will pay your rent, we will take care of everything, if you give the money, it will be this real estate thing, it will be a good thing. Thing and with in India also people can invest across the cities thank you very much all nri i all my all please j thank you