Hello friends Why HN I Leave India is a reason I will tell which nobody judges ever told and that is the real reason and the main reason is to watch the video till the end and subscribe to the channel, these things are absolutely original and correct as far as this data is concerned.  Of late it has been shown that the tax is increasing a lot and as the tax is increasing then HNIs are leaving and this is the same region which has been shown, some HNINX has been shown.  Reasons have been mentioned and this is the reason What is the actual reason I am going to tell Why I can tell with so much confidence because of my consultation I am in touch with a lot of HN I have left India and I am NRI  And I am telling what is that real pain and reason and then my video is pending that why you should not leave India because of this.  They have left the region because of reason, it is not a tax, it is felt and it is said that it is not just a tax, it is a tax, if there was a region then many HNEs would have left the whole world and gone. It is okay, HNEs leave because of their own. Family Parents Near and dear one Siblings Society Jealousy factor Tribulation factor This is the biggest region which no one ever tells because it becomes a private region of course me too  If I am not mentioning the name of any example here, then I am not saying that I am praising anyone in my consultation. I am not citing any example but I am telling that in India, when you get a lot of money,  It is because of your hard work, luck, intelligence, networking, anything, especially the people who earn more money through digital medium, they do not need to be physically here, so there is a very great jealousy factor, you are a big person in India.  When you go out with a good car, you don't get such good vibes. The same high quality life that you enjoy in the country. When you drive that car, you do n't see 100 people roaming around like that wherever you go.  You can travel, you can travel, these are so many celebrities who get up and stay outside for six months, someone goes to London, someone stays here for two months, there for two months, why do they go because they want that normal life, normal life in India.  You can't live with money, in other words, if you have money, then you will get everything here, but it comes with it, as it is said, I had told about Lakshmi and Lakshmi in my paid webinar once before, Lakshmi ji.  Lakshmi is not visible to him, Lakshmi is visible, money comes, Alakshmi is not visible, Alakshmi is hatred, distress, jealousy, envy, negative vibes, she also enters and is the most of.  In the houses where Saraswati does not reside, people do not have the knowledge and wisdom to be with her, then she gives a lot of pain, that is why a lot of people are living there, their relatives and acquaintances want to hang like this beyond them.  Time and again, in some cases, the wife takes him and says, let's go from here. In some cases, the husband comes to his senses. In some cases, he says, " Dude, let's go and this is a very painful pain, not the pain of pain."  Sorry subject of pain pain is pain pain is within this situation and in this region which are HNIs who have left or NRIs are outside and identification you don't have to tell your details n the share if you are identification subject of concern  The people have to address this issue themselves, the government cannot do anything, no one else can do anything about this, tax is a pain, it is a pain, it will be made into a video someday, what is that? Now, if you are doing something, if there is any benefit from it, then take advantage of it and it is not so, except in two-four countries, the tax is very high outside too, it is not that tax is being saved in two-four places.  It does n't happen at all, maybe some people go there because of this but the dominating factor is still not tax that's what I want to tell you because if you apply the purchasing par pari formula then it comes down to the money wise thing like this.  No, but the question is that when you enjoy that money in India, a lot of eyes fall on you and outside, the capital mindset is clear, fraud and hypocrites do not exist, if you are doing something outside, then no one is even a bad person, so good for you.  Very good is fine and it is more in the spirit of what happens in India and not like if someone has become rich then he must have become rich by doing some wrong deeds, this is our old Bollywood movies and which is ours.  The socialist mind set that we have in the 60's and 70's and all that because of it has not yet been cured, however, 2023 has come in 1995, the post liberalization population after 1991 is very large, now that child has turned 32 years old when Narasimha was in 91.  When Rao ji and Manmohan Singh brought liberalization and that budget, it has been 32 years and a lot  The population is below 32 in India. The despina end set is still continuing. The old one is HN I. When you have gone and have this pain, then you are requested to know that there is a cure for this pain. You can also come back by riding both the boats.  I hope that there will be more content coming on this because I have a lot of NRI subscribers, I keep getting data, a sizeable number of my subscribers, a good amount of my subscribers are NRI.  If you are an NRI listening to me give me a shut out shout out ok right NRI atlist ok if you don't even do the identification posting there is no one who ca n't come back or they all have gone away after making excuses  Ba because there was no other way to get rid of many and many people, whatever system was there to get rid of them was the only way to get rid of them and all these brothers who are not traveling should stay here.  I am also living and paying tax, ok so this is the message please spread it with people and in the coming time I will be making video on this in more details. Thank you very much.