Hello friends, Naukri series is getting a lot of love and many people are enjoying it. There is a shift video in this series, brother, every servant, for those of you who do not mind calling me servant, I could have told people in improve, in English or on these lines.  Only on that day the job is fine but I still want to use the job. The exam is fixed and the Agri has increased that is why I say that when the school is good, now people will say man, I would have put this in the money minded series, in the German one. Puts we know what is the angle of share with buying face job series meaning ok tell us toe put in equity is wealth creator money is carriage cards demat is not rich there is ok something else tell this Listen every servant is nourished and so We all know that good shares should be bought and big ones, but you will come to know that no matter how much you are working in a corporate or a private job, your working for increasing shares.  Holder value only, all of you are working from the bottom, from the peon to your CEO, for the investor, for the shareholder, the answer is for him, then you definitely have to become the owner, if you, I know many such banks or inch example, this is the top bank of India.  He is the one who doesn't take her name, sucks the blood from her blouse. Talk to Sunlight but his shares are at 15 to 20 cents CAGR returns for the last 20 years and the bank is worth Rs 5 lakh crores.  So, what is the condition of the employees and there is a lot of difference in the bank, where basically if you have not understood one thing about the employees, then if you do some velvet then you will get the salary but whatever work you do, your entire juice should come out and  You have the same feeling as if you click on the study Malik place on food. By 2030, you should go to such a place to eat. The feeling is that if you feel hungry then fill your stomach in the item and vote for such item which will make its profit.  Maximization: Will they put Bigg Boss in the final? If they make ₹4000, then if we compare them, then this illusion is also called, Mummy, Mummy, Mummy, I want my son, I am cooking maximum food for my daughter, or the mothers who are employed as greedy ladies to feed my workers.  Should also be made but why because what fat should be put in it, now you will take this mine, stock and job and expenses are clicking linkup. If you understand this thing then when you will buy the shares then you will know.  It will be okay to play that the entire balance sheet is of profit and of money only and when you will collect your money then maybe I am giving the link, it is better than opening your own business, step by step latest album list money in business Put it if it is your business then you will do better. What is the 400, this is a bank worth Rs. 6 lakh crore and a company worth Rs. 12 lakh crore. The feeling which is giving as much as dividend is good. This company generates electricity from the water of the government and its Dominant, see how much it gives, seven eight ten percent is fine and the share is a stable share and it can produce water for 50 years, electricity from water, everyone needs renewable energy, write night smart investment advice discussion below hotspot, I am telling it for example, whenever.  You will buy shares and you will know what you are in the whole system. What is you in the whole system. The basic work of an IT company that earns money is done in the IT company and so on.  There is a dominant that he has to pay salary to the employee and whatever work he does, he has to take money accordingly, so the amount of juice he extracts from this person is fine and the less the fan gives nothing, then his profit will be shared.  If the holder wants profit then the whole game is here, sometimes the edition becomes too much, if the orders become too many, then salaries have to be paid, but the salaries are big and the feeling of juice is lost.  You will always be a fan, even if you get a good match, but when Bhavana Jab actress is in these with eggs and once you baby share and you will read annual reports, you will read the balance tube school, there is no need to become a chartered accountant, start putting it and these are the things that I share in my  I am showing this to the platinum members, your job is looking very good, then you are leaving it behind, okay, so when you do this and buy this, then you will know that something can happen by doing your own business. These 15 have been made, do your life, you will watch two episodes in Netflix, you will watch all my songs in landing 15, then episode 210 of the web series comes which is nationalism. If you watch it, you will start seeing the same patterns which are going on live right now.  If you are running in it, then I will give you the link, I will give you the play list in it, watch it, then gradually you will get 25 years of Pattis subscribe, first you have to do this video here, subscribe this video.  And we will watch carefully, subscribe this channel, all the Android quarters will leave the job and work and who will work for it, okay, people with jobs are always needed and they will always be 98% in number, so it is not easy, okay, but the journey is so much fun.  How many are enjoying? Please write in the comment section. I will tell you something more interesting in the next one. Thank you very much.