Hello friends, this is not a simple video topic, why middle class needs to buy good electric kitchen chimney, why to buy a good electric kitchen chimney, earlier I had a video for dish washer, it has become a big hit, it has got a lot of views, you guys.  If you haven't seen it then watching it has been beneficial for many people. The channel is all about practical and giving happiness and increasing your product productivity and riches also so I  I will tell you why people are not applying it and what harm is being caused by it and what are the benefits of applying it and how to apply it because many people have misconception on this, many people say that it is useless, it is not good, it is just like that, what a mess it is.  I am telling you, first of all I want to tell you that Indian cooking, Indian cooking, do you know what we talk about Parotta? Our cooking is oil based, ghee based, so our cooking cannot be changed, so this smoke in it.  It turns out that it goes beyond all the nets of your kitchen and sticks to the walls. Nowadays, people have also adopted the tradition of open kitchen. You see, food is not cooked from the waste like that. In the waste you saw, they open it by cutting and beating. We heat something, let's eat. Our kitchen is not like this, so we have copied the cooking from there. If it is ours, it gets stuck on your curtains too, if you have teak wood furniture or wood work done beyond that.  go  It is costing very expensive, not installing the chimney, how much will it cost, according to what, what is the specification, I am going to give very good information, I am going to give practical, I am using the products myself, have used them for many years, see their benefits and tell people because  Why I come up with these topics, normally women say, yes, you have more knowledge than women, all this, I am a Vastu guy also, I do this Vastu thing also and this is what is wrong with that.  This is how they become sticky. You go to your kitchen at this very moment. Do you have a fridge or not, whoever has it in your kitchen? Please hit the top of the fridge once and see if it is not dust, it is sticky.  You will get dust from such an exhaust, see what is your condition, go this moment, go to the kitchen and look at the kitchen grates, look at the kitchen exhaust, look at the kitchen mirror, look at the wood work of the kitchen and so on.  If you do n't have a choice, then what to do now? What to do? So the new houses that are being built are coming with chimneys etc., the new flats that are being built are having all these things but there is something wrong with that also, what is wrong?  I will tell you that the most important thing you people have to see is that when we buy a chimney, the mistakes people are making in buying the chimney are that they are buying based on price because Indians are very pricey.  Sensitive people, so the chimney they buy is for Rs 15000, buy it for Rs 18, they are trying to get the cheap one, they are crying again and again, they are expensive, once the problem is happening here because there are only two-three parameters, there is nothing complicated in it.  There is one thing which has suction power, there is a filter, smoke comes out, there is no rocket science in it and one thing is that motor, what is wrong, let's take 60 cm, this is wrong.  Don't take the advice of 60, the stoves that are available today are no longer two burner, all three have become four burner and even the one which has two burner today will have four burner tomorrow or even two burner if you have 90.  If you have installed a chimney of 90 cm, then its suction power is more, then a big chimney of 90 cm has to be installed, this is the first thing, what is the second thing for you guys, there is a cassette based filter inside it, there is another filter like that, which  There is a normal filter which comes out and becomes clean. We have to take that one, it is easy to maintain. We just have to take out that filter and put it in hot water. We have to use that liquid and clean it.  And the check to see it is very simple, you have to look below the chimney like this, through and through, if you can see then it means it is not needed now and if it is completely clogged then there is a need to wash it.  Normally this has to be done once in 15 days, as you must have seen that there is a filter in the AC, they take it out like this and then brush it and put it in. It is the same amount of effort and is required in the same number of days, but it does not reduce your effort.  The rest of your cleaning is about paint. You do not need to rush to get the paint done. Your kitchen will remain clean because it is a big source of pollution. Many people are aware about the pollution outside. It becomes an issue but it does happen inside the house. Who  It is not about the pollution that is happening. The exhaust fan is not sufficient. The second most important thing is that the chimney's nose is normal. These are the cheap chimneys. Their noise level is so high that the lady is not able to use it. The noise is so high.  It seems as if no one knows what has been turned on sir, the man can't even talk, so you have to take the low decibel one, take the silent Chimli.  It is called Silent Chimli or Silent Chimney in the market. The sound of Silent Chimney is so loud that yes, it seems normal. It is as if the cooler is running at the speed of one. I am telling you about Silent Chimney. Okay, that is easy to bear, if you take it for the sake of cheapness, then brothers and sisters, there will be so much noise that it will make the person in the house stop talking on the phone.  He must be trying to stop her from hearing her voice and the noise level is high. Anyway, cooking is no longer a very fun job for many people. The kind of system that is running in our country, women and men are also in the kitchen.  If you don't enter, it's okay, then that voice is okay, so that voice is a big criterion for some times people to give the statement Mahila ji ne lakhi ki aapse main na ladies baat karta hai Hey Mrs. Sharma, Mrs. Whatever Kapoor you have applied.  How is the chimney, sir, it bursts, don't use it, there is no use, otherwise she will not take Miss Sharma now, so here Sangwan ji is telling that it is okay, it is the work of women only and all the men are looking at it, brother, it is not expensive, it is a good one.  The specifications start coming above 300. Look at the decibels. D will also be written there and its suction power should be above the Haj unit. You will have low suction parky because what are the installers who are not yours or modeler kitchens?  There are people who make them, who knows what they will say, madam, guess something, they are all the same, they are all the same, nothing is ever the same, all these cars are the same, all the phones are the same, all the men are the same, all the women are the same, no one is the same  Have you ever heard something like this, even twins are not alike? Well, nothing is alike, so tomorrow when someone tells you, install a chimney, all are alike, all are not alike, high quality, highest quality, best quality, good. Quality is of every kind, every kind Look at the suction power, there should be suction power, it should be of size, noise should be less and it should be filter based, we will just install that chimney, now how to install that chimney and that landlord's house is getting spoiled, let it happen, oh the rest of the house, yes, the landlord's house is getting spoiled.  It is happening that you are not installing the chimney but your health is getting spoiled and you are also living in that muddy place and only then you realize why many things cannot be installed in the rented house and your curtains are getting spoiled.  Your painting is getting spoiled, but the paint on the wall is getting spoiled, if that paint gets spoiled, then we will tell the landlord, this is why it is a request to all the landlords, brother, if the tenant will not put it, then you guys put it, the house is yours, charge money from it and the tenants. One for this is that brother, do not live long in a rented house because living in your own house has its own taste. Many things can be installed and one can live in a better way. Now what will those poor people do who have transferable jobs? which means a place of residence  Mostly it is happening so fill your house, have your own taste in it and you guys must install the chimney. The unit of suction power is 1000, see it. Look at the nose levels, it should be 90 cm. See that. It should be a silent chimney, see that.  It should be filter based, check it out and get it fitted by a professional from the company, he will take something like Rs 100, 200, 500 for your props.  The height should be more. If you increase the height at the top, the suction power will become lower. At the bottom, you cannot do more because it will hit the forehead, otherwise it has one height and one fitting. This can be achieved very easily in all kitchens because there is a mirror outside.  So it happens inside the kitchen, they cut from inside the glass and do the fitting very well, it is not rocket science, it does not take any effort, just like it takes as much effort to install your washing machine as the tap and that.  In this way, it comes and gets tied, the same amount of effort is required, it is much easier than AC, the installation is very easy if you install a split AC, the amount of effort required to install it is far away from the wall, it is very easy to buy a chimney, its cost is very high.  This is less compared to what rewards you will take. The kitchen will be clean and tidy. There will be no smoke after cooking, otherwise the house will get filled in such a way that it becomes a mess in small houses.  I am living in an open kitchen, they have to apply it only 100%, absolutely 100% have to be applied, someone is living in a house, some are living in an open area, I would say that it is okay to apply it because once.  So the kitchen is filled with smoke, it can be as heavy as you want, it is okay and the mesh is dirty, the mirrors are dirty, how big will you install the exhaust fan, okay, so the exhaust fan also has its own work, but it is from there.  The smoke is coming from the same place, it gets sucked and filtered and thrown out from there, so according to me, this is a very good product. How do you like such videos? Tell me, it is practical based, it will increase the productivity of your life.  There will be no one to make it better and there is no expenditure of lakhs and crores. Many people bought the dishwasher after watching the video of the dishwasher. Well, many people were discussing about it. Well, this is a request to those of you who have purchased the chimney.  You have put it, write your review, now you will say, tell me the name of the chimney, I am not the one doing the work that I feel should be done, because if I say here, you people, this video is 10000, 200, 50000, that dishwasher, then 1.5 lakh people wrote and Buy me a chimney with whatsapp2, I will not tell the name, you all see the review, whoever has bought it, tell me that it is 60 cms, I am saying 90 is ok.  I am saying, I am telling you the specifications, brother, this is a good one, this is the specification, I am telling you guys, write the review according to your opinion and the women whose husbands were not agreeing or the women whose husbands were not agreeing.  Share the video with each other because this is this small thing 30000 is nothing I see people with phones worth 50 50 70 80 90  Even a phone worth Rs 10,000 comes with pretty much everything. In 15-20, everything comes. After coming with Rs 90 Haj, I don't know what all they are roaming around with. Hey, this is the dishwasher and this is this, install a chimney by mixing both, yours is not good, I think.  If it will come in Rs 60000 then it means if someone has money problem, someone who does not have money problem, then buy a phone worth Rs 90000, buy this also, that also.  Buy all the things, but you have to buy these practical things, they have the advantage and in this, people had told me many times that those robo vacuum cleaners etc. are bad, test them and see, they are useless, they are not successful in Indian markets yet, they are not that much technology.  He keeps roaming somewhere according to his own will, I am talking about sweeping and mopping, that is not right, I had asked him, so I will not make a separate video for him, I have done a lot of research on that, asked many people and tried it myself.  took That kind of product has not been developed yet, which means it may happen tomorrow, further research has to be done beyond that and it is expensive because India is a very price sensitive market, so the thing which works at a good level will be sold at a higher level.  And if you bring it below that price then that thing will not be as good as even in case of chimney I am telling you if you buy a cheap chimney it will not be effective if you buy a 60 cm one.  If you buy the one with low suction power, it will whine and complete the sound, it will not have the suction power, its filtering will not be good, its size is small, then that product itself has failed, whereas the specific product which is required for the Indian kitchen is now available in 2 tonne capacity.  If you want an AC, you have to install only two ton AC where one and a half is needed, one and a half can be used where one ton can do the job, where you need two tons, you will install one ton AC, then you will say that the AC is not cooling you. Bad  If yes, then it is not the AC's fault. Two tonne AC was to be installed there, hence here are the specifications accordingly. Okay, so go for the specifications. The kitchen size is around 70 square feet. The normal kitchen size is what it is. You see how big the kitchen is.  It is big, it is small, but what is the main thing, so wherever cooking is taking place, the kitchen is big, but the size is only this, whether it is a small kitchen or a big kitchen, the smoke being created in it is the same, right?  So  On top of that, according to me, my recommendation is that it is of 90 cm size. Go for the 90 cm. Other people who have taken it, what is their experience, how is the review, please share. I want to share the name of the brand, there is no problem, I do not share.  Brand names, that's all, rest of you guys share yours because my audience is so intelligent, people have written very well on Shash Vashar, people have written very well because the people who have because this happens.  Crowd Sourcing of Wisdom and Information: If we all form a small community and call it family, then I will not call it because a family is a family, okay, a family is not formed just like that, but we can definitely call it a community, so there is a community that we share things. I am bringing a video, I am bringing a topic, you people are participating very well in it, so please do this one thing and every little thing of the duodenum will be removed, neither of the ladies nor of ours.  All of us ladies do not like cleaning. Our ladies are very busy in cleaning and they keep interrupting everyone in the family. This is not right for the husband. Now the husbands have to clean the fan every five days.  Well, if you buy a chimney, then the need to clean the fan will come in one and a half months. I am telling you this and such fans are found in houses where there is a lot of cooking, which can be cleaned without hot water and soap and by removing the fan.  They are not meant to be cleaned while standing, they will hang down, that is, when I go to many houses for Vastu etc., I see fans like this, the blades of the fans have become like this, that is a mess, okay, now I use it more for Astra and  I will go for Vaastu's sake, I will keep it here, then the fans will not have to be cleaned, you will not have to get the paint done quickly, your kitchen will remain clean, please go and take a look at the top of your fridge, mine and yours are made of wood, right? Work is done in the kitchen, nowadays someone has started getting it done 100% upstairs, earlier it was done only up to the height of 8 feet to 75 feet, go above it and see what is happening, the program is to bring a ladder, someone to climb up and look up, yes.  It would seem that if someone has installed a 5 liter geyser in your kitchen, go over it and check the exhaust fan. It is not worth seeing. You can check it anyway. So poor guy, it has happened like this, what color was I once and now what color am I? Drip Drip Drip, go there and keep a bottle, this is what happens below the exhaust, okay, this is all Rahu, I can't control my self now.  After this, the more I talk about the video, the more it will be about astrology. Okay, but then brother, I will say that I have troubles, I am not happy in life. I am making this video to create happiness, but this happiness will come only in this way. There will be no injections here because there will be no injections here.  My consultation fee is very high, people say, Guruji, make me happy, do my astro reading, I said, it is okay if you install a chimney, it will make me happy, what is there in the consultation, I will tell you, then I will do things from my paid consultation only.  I am telling you that there is a lot of Rahu, Ketu, Mars and all this, I am not doing it, but it is okay, but all these things also happen, all the things which have to be understood are not necessary, they are wrong, okay, but I am not doing this. I did not make this astro video, I am not very scientific in the eyes of the people, there are many other things which are scientific, okay, so please try it, install the chimney as per my instructions and the number of people who are going to install it, please write in the comment section and  Whatever you install, take it brother. Once it is installed, I feel peaceful. Those who come from 10 15 20 houses had installed a dish washer. Now someone has installed this chimney, I feel very peaceful. Because I am making real change, I am making an impact in people's lives. I am the same, I am making a real impact, telling, pushing, maybe your wife was asking you to bring it, you were nonsense, what are you doing, my words are my words.  Accept it because you are the one who climbs on the fan to clean it, it is okay, the wife probably doesn't climb, it is okay and those whose wives are climbing, then brother, hold your husband, okay, show my video and say this video  Now it is like this, this is the specification, do your research, compare, review, discuss among yourselves and do it openly in the comment section below, do yours as per your choice and whichever one suits you as per your convenience, do your research and basically 90 cms. Silent Chimli with filter because the one which is silent is so silent that it is not that there is no sound at all but yes, the sound will be less. It comes even if you don't feel otherwise. ok thank you very much