Ki Namaskar friends, Tak is a very blockbuster topic, if you watch it, you will get peace in life, but it is very important and Tak must be watched, you should note that you are well in your career from a plane, I don't want to do much good, many people like such planes.  It will feel different because in this industry there is social conditioning, there is Rakhi, you know how on the channel I take the individual for strength, I take the whole for the family, please search carefully and listen in life.  If you want peace in life, if you want money, money is peace, it is okay in life, you want flower feeling life, this kind of thing is your desire, if you want happiness, then you will not be able to do well in your career, if you do, then  All this will be over, now listen carefully that you have to deliver, to give 100 out of hundred in your career, you will have to do a lot in life. Join any organization of such ambitious people, if you want. Take it government, take it private, take it corporate, I am talking about jobs here because my business is this note, an artisan, that has become a business, don't talk about it, the system is different there, those who are employed are the ones who are employed, Musaddilal is the office.  This video is for those in office, whether it is government or private corporation, any organization, government, take one, it is paramedical, the base is there, the top is not that much, so if the bottom is  There are so many A's, not all of them are going up, just as all the C's are not becoming one, all of them are not becoming a force, all of you are not even becoming V-pieces, all of you are one post, director level, this level, that level are different in the government.  Different content of different departments, there they are very happy that they know, people outside don't even know what their designation is, if they want to reach it, then my message to them is that you should not work too hard. What to do  And why not work hard? The reason is that there are alpha males too or something different from the alpha males. I would like to do that term, which perhaps has not been formed yet because it will not be a perfect fit. There are so many people that brother, that  Those who are like these, some should not marry, some N marriage is not working, it doesn't matter, they are getting divorced, it does n't matter, children are studying, they are not studying, they are spoiled, it doesn't matter, many cases, you will release a very great married life.  is and very good His children are also doing well, he is doing this brother, then he has got a wife in lakhs who is getting his career done, come on, you are fine Dhanno, I am with you, it is fine by typing, Basanti, sorry.  Dhanno, she was a mare, okay, Basanti is with you, by typing, females are such a rare thing, because these days, women have their own desires that I also want to become something, I have to do my teacher's job well, you get promotion.  If not, I am not supporting you, then the husband in it will be crushed, while balancing all this, then you will do what you need to do on this, feeling like you should be 80% in your career, 80% in relationship, car.  If you can't give so much maintenance time then you have to run it too, otherwise what are you doing? If you are not going to do it full time then you can't give it a thought, this career is worth 80 to 100 rupees.  Its graph will be your head, brain, take it, then everything else will become 20%. Do you want the level of life where you are, in relationship you are 20 out of 100, within each other you are 20 out of 100, in the finals of your journey.  Hey brother, if you go up in career, then the money will not be yours, no no, it will go to my increment, it will be flooded, oh brother, that story has to be settled as well. Investment also has to be done on time. You did not have time to search for a flat. You did not have time to search for a plot. Two, three to five junior employees did not use their brain too much, but in the government as well as in the private sector, their juniors  -Today you go to any government employee, I am telling you of lower level, I am not of officer level, not of group pay level, lower level is fine and in corporate too, lower level is fine.  Whatever he is doing, he is also doing something else and when you see that at the age of 20, you join here at this level and you keep doing your career in 20 years and you reach here and he started from the bottom as a permanent person, he is here.  He did not do much in his career, he has reached till here, his growth has increased a lot, I am not telling you that by beating you from here, I am not being so pompous, the figure of speech is fine but what time singer IF you take both.  Will you do different comparisons? Such percentage's growth profile is what has been achieved. It is very high in Haj Fool film and levels are in life are more. Satisfaction levels are more. Your father was in the group, you also worked in the group and reached here beating just like this. You are not getting anything, you are going to your corporation, you are spending all your time in making presentations, doing jobs, sycophancy and all these things.  You are running out of time, you are not having any relationships, you are not getting a girlfriend, you are not getting married, your belly is getting fat, your face is getting worse, you have been with your wife, you are not interested in her, you are not asking her, this is not  There is a debt cost in getting a job, because every time I am a debt corner seat person, I am struggling with computing. It is okay if he is younger than you at 19, he is also 18 and has talent, but he  Morton will do make-up because of time and in India, there is a caste that value time very much, the one who steals his time, stands in front of the bus the whole time, stands in the meeting the whole time, is telling the minutes and meetings here, is following up by email.  He is calling, doing WhatsApp, doing everything he can, doing his paper, he is very good and standing the whole time is a relief, you tell me, no person is standing like this with his head bowed and he  whole time  If it is available then brother, do not go ahead because such people are going ahead and this is what is being valued, one day intelligence will be valued, productivity will be valued, India's GDP will become 11%, we will get help in personal relationships.  The father also has more respect for the child who spends his time with him, does not do anything, it is not that he will make tea and give it to the other person and if the other one has a son or daughter, he will give his time to you, half an hour, but it will be your 5 minutes.  It will serve you for 10 minutes, it will give you tea for 5-10 minutes, you will keep something in your mind for 5-10 minutes, it will do it, WhatsApp will do it for you clearly, it will actually do more than that, it will waste 2 hours of time, isn't it? Our Psychology: He gives a lot of time to our personal relationships. He is a very good child, what does he do with him? He always comes, he comes and goes away within 20 minutes. No one in our India has this.  If you take mother or not then what should you change, people should not be there, if not then apply that productivity in your life. If you do not value your productivity, your friends do not value it, then they should not value productivity in their life, communication skills.  Should Know About Small Things Where You Can Make Money Should Not Be You Encourage Your Wife You Make Money Should Know Where You Invest In  A plot should know how it comes, should know what is happening latest in real estate and if the spurs where rates are rising, they are losing, that brain juice has to be saved, you have to save time, that leech you have given in your career which has been draining you all this time.  It is running in my mind that there will be a presentation, in which I will say this so that I don't get insulted, then I will insult him, I will do better than him, when you think so much, you will do well in your career.  You will do this well and you will reach some position, there is no one who can take off BVT, nor anyone else in the society who can take off, look at the name of your department and ask any five people that you have reached this post, no one can relate.  Only people can relate like this but talk in normal language whether you are in government or private, okay and which post is this one, which is the good post, this is we, degree, this is that, different name of someone, you  do it  Okay, we have reached this post, we are at the top, okay brother, he is the next one, then he will believe that someone is a director, someone is a director general, someone is a general, someone is a lower person, someone is at the bottom, there are different ranks of police.  There are different ranks within the PSUs, you have different ranks in ONGC, you are going to DRDO, may I ask you Scientist Fgbc, which one is bigger, is bigger on only one side or yes, now whoever is in the department knows it. For those who don't know which one it is, then it is A B C D I G Yes, no one asks and it is like my I G is done, F is done, this is done, I am done, now someone says, lecture A is going on, associate professor is professor. This is such a disass scenario, there is a lot going on inside your college, some outside, some will go to the village of Haryana, all are masters, whoever falls there is a master, okay master, you consider yourself master.  yes you are like that  They were risking their lives in their career but it does n't matter to them, you can apply any degree of yours, you some people, you are a doctor, you are not a doctor, doctor is MBBS, he is HD, he has a super super specialty, these are from outside, they keep it.  Do whatever you want, you are a doctor, okay, so now I should reach the pinnacle in that, all the doctors should clip me, how much money have I earned, how much peace is there, how much other people want, how much do the big doctors want, I know those who are MBBS. Note  His social circle is of Chhapa Dhaba, he has come to give medicines only and he knows the treatment of three diseases but he has so many patients in it and there are so many of them, he says brother, he has to get medicines from Rathi doctor when you do something.  He had given it, he will pick it up and give it to you, but he talks so well that you are here to shine in your career, I have passed this, I have done that, to be educated, that doctor is there, people from six villages come to him, I am telling the names.  I am telling you practically, I am not telling you in the air, if you tell me exactly the city, place, village and name, it will become very personal, but I am only praising the doctor and he has that much talent, this much is your MBBS degree.  It was not given in the exam that I should do something in the future, it is okay, do that in this pudiya, I know how to write medicines, you have to write well, and do that brother, cough, cold, doctor, dhaba's kothi.  There is also a house, there are children too, the aarti is set up, the son-in-law is performing the aarti, it is too late to perform the aarti, my own daughter-in-law, the wife, is also coming down, doctor sahib and doctor sahib have got 1 MBBS on them, complete all the other tents, human emotions, relationship is ours.  Health, Mind, City, Investment, I am telling you all by showing, the institutions will tell because it is their advantage to tell you that I am the one behind all these things. Walking is better than running away.  Why is there a need to run so much, I also run after the certificate, I also do webinars and do all this, I will tell you less things, you are also mine, if you have not downloaded yours from the Congolese answer, then please download it, there is a lot in it, there is a certificate in it now.  Something happens to them, they have to keep it, but take my certificate, you will lick it, friend, you have done the workshop for three years, okay, I have given the certificate to me, who gave the certificate of yoga to Ramdev ji?  Who gave Patanjali, he will distribute the certificate to everyone, who took it, whose is it necessary, I am giving you a knowledge, here is the IT bill, in your life note, to give any medicine, a certificate is required, no one can become a doctor like this, a lawyer cannot become one.  But the most important thing is that now those who sell ready-made peacocks or sell tea, are they of any color? They come with a diploma in skills to show what they are doing. They are working now.  What do they have to do very well in their career, now you tell me, you are a teacher, you study in 11th, 12th, friend, if you teach nursery, then which one should you do, what are you doing well, people, many things are like this, there is nothing good in it and gym is good, it is just that.  It is good for you people to select those people who understand career, like I told you, I have given you a department, you are on a position in a lakh crore company and you are on a position in a 2000 crore company. And you are in a position in a 20 crore company, wouldn't there be any difference, would they be running after the name in their name? Kanth, you just be in one place, come in a lower designation, not doing great in career but doing 20 other things and being stable. Coming to a place saving your money, I know many people take consultation from me, government people also take it, big officials also take it, they keep roaming around all their life 30 years 35  We keep doing our careers for years, I don't want you to meet people but the fact is, but we can't buy a small flat in life. Is everything possible in a big city? Will we move to a smaller one? Will we move to Haldwani, Rani?  Will go to the fields: Hey, my brothers and sisters, if you had wanted to go to Ranikhet and Haldwani, you would have had to do your work there for so many years. If you had gone 15 years, 20 years ago, you would have taken two to five acres there too. Now  There is nothing there too, now you will sit there with date this message what I am trying you say I am not trying you put Dr other of me audience ever I want you empower which of you seems harsh because are these doctor nation brothers and sisters so much  It has happened that you would like to walk on the poles of those who have made you and those who are exploiting you, you would like to walk on the lessons of them, I am the one who is taking you up, I am the one who is in my lane.  Dog, I will do more of this video with emotion, this is the fun of Illuminati and the system and those who are running it have kept you in such a trap that if someone comes, he will have to open the trap, otherwise you will drink this, what are you doing? What nonsense are you talking? Rare respect. Hey, I am not getting anything. Big officers of 60 to 70 years of age are taking big consultations from me. I have not got anything in life, no respect.  Got fame, neither wife Aarti Uttarathi nor staying connected with children, earning money is not a relief, you were reaching so high, money was so dear to him that he will keep greeting you on the basis of money till you go, earning money, you earned half the chair.  I had respect for those 6-8-10-12 months, but I did not get respect, except you, now you go around telling knowledge to the world, I was afraid, I was this, I was this, I did this.  ID de moment you talk to me the day before yesterday who talks about his paste that I was this, what did you give him quickly, tore it, don't know what flag was made, now tell me nothing, what is it now, now we are empty, there is no salute to the empty top  An empty talk is made erect from which a bomb can be taken out, it is handled with care, oiling, greasing and all the others are given low and respectable caste. Rest, you know, they are on the force for 200 years, 400 years.  She is standing like this, you too have become like this, that bill has come at a great cost, look, if that cost is not being taken, then everybody is sold, do good, I want you to have a career, who am I to speak, but I am  Sing N Pattern Brothers Sisters Date Doing Well in Career This Coming Coming A Great Cost Next man with whom you have competition He is ready to do everything for the post Your marriage Your relationship Your children Your health Your  Your mental well being, your emotional well being, your personal growth. The soldier does nothing. He doesn't know how to talk about the job or do it. Ask him anything in life. He does n't know where the registry is, what is the builder agreement.  What is Rental? What is Rental? What is Lazy Lay? What is Stock Market? He doesn't know about his personal, his demat account, nothing is happening to him, whatever is kept in it.  Is it from such a man, if you would like to open your demat once a day, would like to open it during the day, would like to see the portfolio, would like to see the network, would like to see personal growth, would like to see some attention on children, brother, what is happening in his life, wife will have some desires to see. Would you like to see something of your parents sometime, how are you living, what is happening, a little, a little, a lot, then that's it, you will go down because this brother.  Sir, he does n't have to do anything, he is ruthless, he is ruthless, at one and a half five, at 10%, he gets such wives who take care of all this and in that, he gets the help of Tata Tina, ours is this thing. On date this is only 45% and that is a conscious decision of wife and husband that this is this, they are bill group then that one, if your wife is like this darling, everything else is for me that. Song hai na unke maang hai tumhe duniya liye o mere dil ke chain Rajesh Khanna I think Haathi mere saathi song for Tanuja ji Andar ek neech beech mein woh maanga hai tumche duniya liye to woh duniya ke kam ke liye tujhe le  I will take the rest, I will work for Raj, these people are also very successful, if your life partner is not like this and why should it be and why is it necessary to marry him, two men are reducing the salary of one man, the party is very happy.  These are also not going to place, ultimately, get your wife to do something, you also do something for yourself, do Swata, do 80% and if this is the top post, then you should automatically be happy here, who is reaching where he is without sacrificing his life.  Reach, which is not forcefully asking you to get entangled, is not forcefully asking you to be deceitful, forcefully means not asking you to be useless, but if your car is running at 70%, it is running smoothly in fourth gear and 80%.  It will cost you life to go above 70 and it will cost a lot of petrol, so brother, drive on your 70, I am not asking you to wear 35 on 40, but on 30, I am talking about driving on 70 comfortably and this is my knowledge which I have given you also.  There is no need to share this for my subscribers, because people will waste their time like this, only then you will get relative advantage. Everyone got this knowledge, everyone applied.  Then these people at the top will change the story and say that the people at the bottom have gained knowledge, now even if you do n't want to do good, you will still get a massage, so it is not that I have to make this video viral, but who also understands these things?  I like it well and can read further by doing these corporate things in life, so please like, subscribe the channel and do not share this video. I am the only creator who wants to share some of his videos, do not share others. Vice brother is nobody, I also have to speak in 80%, share, share, but brother are you, don't do. The one who has discovered my channel, who has watched my videos completely and has even seen them, is taking out his license from life.  If it is beneficial, then so many good comments come. Life has changed for the people who have followed me for six, eight, 10-12 months and they have experienced self-realization. Sulfurization will only take the society, this is my video and agenda of breaking D monopoly of bigger people who are fooling below by doing all these ideas but this IT is less set Greece personal risk also because only those people who come  Those who are making you a slave and who have given you all this knowledge that to do good is to do this, to do well, there is no respect, there is no respect, only those who do well in any career will get respect.  Because he reached the top by climbing on the shoulders of so many people and by climbing over them, even those below him do not respect him and in the society, people are so that they are not someone's, you are someone's story, it is of their own free will, so that is less than my kiss.  You can book a guest house, ok, then say hello to you, I am late, ok, you can get a job for my daughter, ok, you can complete the class, if you don't have that much status, then there is no use, then there is no Jugaad of Group B, not yours, no, then there is no one else.  There is no meaning, there is no meaning then because in reality you cannot do much for anyone except your life, you have made it better, now you will say, I have done it, then clip me and you are looking for clipping when you  If you have reached the pinnacle then you are not standing still, everyone is busy in something of their own and it's like saying something like mine, even if you don't say it, because when you say something of your choice, don't do too much of it, people are also tempted from within to show it and tell it.  these things of happiness  By doing Bhuwa, it will reach a lot of places like Ayushmann Khurrana's movie, then gradually people will start doing this band, do this band, then there will be problem for the big people who have troubled you people, then please like it, don't share it.  Thank you very much for this one