Hello friends, today's topic is very important, mostly for parents and also for youngsters, the topic is very hard and you should, that is, people say, what is normal, work hard, study a lot, push hard, push very hard, why is this being counter productive? Today I will tell it under examples. I will tell it under logic. If you understand the logic then tell me. We will go to the stage in life and release you bill in life. Everybody release only.  The difference is that ultimately what matters is a little money, second peace, I said earlier, okay, money is peace, rest of the relationship, let him know where he is going, because he will struggle in other vices, it is better to die in IT than to live with some lousy person.  Because a lot of IIT also you know it's okay to go to a good leader with Lee Marks was this d message so date you don't struggle come every time I find because date struggle is this  So match you are not fit at date there is a burnout happening it 24 25 years I bill tell with classic example and it is happening in because I am also in d industry I talk with lot of people in corporation industry say yaar bachcha aata hai  25 years old IIT, his financial condition will come down, what is ITM, we will say as soon as we come, son, these sales targets should be achieved.  We don't know how they are doing and they come to Dreamy World and take the package after hard work. Hey, he got this package worth 20 lakhs, 30 lakhs, 50 lakhs, 40 lakhs and it doesn't get him a job. What is he doing?  Then the dream of a startup is spinning and not less than that because it has become out and the boy who remains down to earth or the girl will remain down to earth has not only worked very hard for her studies but has also become a master and is happily married.  Haryanvi words with sis just about acceptable just about average and little bit hi average meaning nothing something exception okay then its sustainability is because maximum understand me audience or anyone's audience which is so much the audience is in between which is completely out  There are layers, they are at the very top, brother, you must have seen them in many people, who does good in life who doesn't even work hard? Look at such brilliant people, it's not just that they understand things, they remember things. There are five 10% people who would have stayed in your class and there would have been one if you had deserved it.  If you go here easily and you go here, then there are many people here who once get selected and go, then they get depression, these people have taken away their wings inside IIT, you must know what they get.  Is  Why should you remove it there because people are not brave in the lot, understand committing suicide by and the committing, you are angry because of your brother, not able, you are angry because you will tell him, no brother, you do not deserve him, you came after working so hard, not after working so hard, you definitely worked so hard.  If you come with less hard work then they will study more naturally. People working so hard is not sustainable. Understand and the title is distributed that if I have worked so hard then I cannot become a brother. How much hard work will you put in on concession basis? In the 10th class, I have done a lot of horoscope reading and have studied a lot. Now even after going there, I have come to know that there is no relaxation, there is no relaxation. You can pass by becoming the best sprinter of 100 meters in your locality.  You can use this power because ultimately if it becomes out in 2524 years and what is happening to the brain these days, the switch gets tripped at any time and after that, someone becomes an AD.  He is a man, then what is the treatment for him? He has a degree from IIT. Why am I saying the name of IIT again and again? I should not take it out of my mouth because it is a very short institution. Also, it was taken out in 10 minutes and then  When you reach there, there is no job there, you think that you do n't know what questions you will get, you will get posting in Chhattisgarh, you will go there in the forest, in the mountains, the story will go to Bastar, you are sitting like this in Bastar, now you are speaking.  Meaning, you are looking at such childhood only, then you are looking for a girl from Haryana, you are afraid of getting married, but girls have not been selected, not even one of the girls has come, I will tell you the secret, girls are being made top everywhere, daughter.  Bachao Beti Padhao and are those girls for publicity? What will happen that out of the top 10, six girls are selected and that is 60% and if the remaining 200 are selected then girls are 20% of them.  It is not even there, are you seeing, are you understanding what I am saying, there is no more to be said on this, otherwise it will become a very complicated stuff, the matter is very complicated, so I told you, although it is very much off topic.  It is not limited, the topic is, don't work too hard, live a long life, live till 90 years, money will come to India, whatever you do, get money for work, if you stop then those who earn nothing are very contradictory.  The advice is that how many will follow your children, tell me if it is 75% then no matter how hard you work, he is not going to reach 95. He used to get anything from within himself and if he is 90 then if he works very hard then he will reach 93. 95 if you give him something.  Don't say, give something like a booster or use steroids etc. to build muscles, it is not sustainable, brother, it will affect your kidneys, it has given you that performance and then  I have to fill in. You must have seen that many people are burnt like this in the film industry. The people who were committing suicide etc. look from outside, he is an actor, he is good, he makes pictures, he is handsome, he is a good actor, good pictures are hits. Now what is the use of taking a name, do you know the popular names, which TV actresses are there, there are a lot of TV actors, why is it happening, the money is not that much, the amount of hard work is the caste, this is also a fact, is n't it?  Sir, everyone is haunted by packages worth two crores each. Every one will get a job of one and a half rupees in Google. Add a factor of two and a half rupees. 50 lakhs there is equal to 20 lakhs in India, so at least set up that factory.  How much is the actual package, so we don't have to work too hard because then you used to work very hard to get your number in 78 and you have to work very hard to get the position, so that is not your subject Baba, these people are involved in tuition and coaching.  You are sending it again and again. If a 15-16 year old child is taking 15-16 seconds in 100m, then there is no need for him to prepare for Nationals. He cannot become an athlete. No matter how much effort you put in a 15-16 second person, he will be 14.  He will not be able to get less than 13 seconds but you can take someone who is hitting 11 11:30 seconds. After training, he has to make the same difference with training. Now how much can he do?  If you work hard, then work hard, do more story, or do it in shot put, what will you know? We prepare for our Olympians, we study other children, we take children of 10, 12, 14 years of age and sort them separately. If you do this, then so that  It is happening naturally, it is happening easily, it is definitely a matter of not putting too much effort, that thing is for her, the thing which has to be done with a lot of force is like a marriage, she is being saved every day by putting a lot of force. So brother, hello uniform is not different, daily hardships, daily adjustment, daily crying, daily beating, daily calling panchayat, calling parents, calling society, calling police, calling lawyer, adjusting everyday, no brother, we will not leave till it is there, no then, oh brother, not cheap.  He said, whatever happens in life, one has to work very hard. Fool, this hard work is said so that you remain trapped in the system. If I am teaching astrology to you and I am teaching you.  Patna and fees have to be taken from you and you are not even able to understand astrology and are insisting a lot, oh brother, I have to speak but I cannot understand it, I am telling it so simply, brother, it is not for you, it is not necessary to join, everyone will say.  Work hard, apply force, hash hash, nothing happens without force, brother, everything should be smooth, like Amul Macho, everything should be done with ease, wherever you have to exert too much force, then you  Think that you cannot go too long, do that thing very comfortably, otherwise you will not be able to do it. We must have seen people who dance like this in weddings, those who are trying hard to dance are putting in effort.  There are many such actors who are doing one step each, they dance with the camera, sometimes it happens like this, sometimes it happens like this, sometimes it happens like this, they are the ones who dance with the camera, they themselves do not have the skill. He can't dance and become a dancer  A dancer is the one who has to understand the music in every pore of his body and dances like this with style. Now the one who does it with ease will easily become a good dancer. Now he said, no, I will work very hard.  After doing one half song, one etc picture will be done, more will be done, I hope you go bigger message, please subscribe, their notification topic will be, which workshop etc. will be related to you, if you can attend it.  You can join it passively, there is nothing in it, nowadays even the numbers are not visible, if anyone has privacy, then please join it, thank you.