Hello friends, one question that is asked a lot is that the ones that are ready to move in Gurgaon can be moved in but the ones under construction are very expensive, why is this so, what is wrong, so today I am answering this question. -There are four factors, a little maths, a little technology, a little aspiration and a little slowness. We will discuss what is the difference between 30 inches. So first of all you do not understand that if you have to give ₹ 100 today and in a month.  If you want to take a ready to move in and if you have to pay the money in 14 years, then the cost of fund is also 60.75 percent. If we invest, it will be thirty percent in four years. C Judge OnePlus 6 Points 152 The Power of If you do more, then it will be thirty, then its average extra return will be  This fifteen percent is 15 cents, so the heavy mathematics is involved in this, Pintu and the intuitive one is simple interest, put Commander, do Excel. Take it or whatever I am telling you, believe that there is a difference of fifteen percent compared to the situation where the money is going in four years and here the money is going in one month, where the money is going in two years, that is a difference of eight percent.  Due to this reason, the difference is going to be 15 cents in four years. Okay, write down only one reason, rest of the differences are because of your technology. If it is non-woven, money is money, its difference has become the third difference.  It has happened that among the new things that are coming now, minute is coming in this letter, it is coming according to the battery technology, there is the system of solar, there is the system of renewable energy, there is the system of water recycling, among the new things that have come in 2019, the government has said that STP.  Such a facility will have to be set up in India that it will cost another Rs 10,12,15 crore just to set up the captive plant and system to generate recycled water and sour percentage.  There are such small things in builder's work that people are not aware of, why is it like this? Seem technology is coming. Go inside some projects and you don't know what you will find inside. It is fine but in the standard projects, various improvements are coming due to which it is expensive.  Due to the quality of the lift which ensures its high speed and its backup, the government has come up with new standards for installing extra staircase somewhere, then because of that your costing is higher and will be twenty to thirty percent fifteen.  Percentage, so look only at that part of your money which has to go now, it has to go in three-four years, where is fifteen percent, it is being made at ten percent, it is done at 5 to 10 cents, aspirations, eminent piece and brand eighth, how can it be made?  If there is a difference in it, then the difference in these things is very big. Somewhere, printing inside is not pleasing to the eyes. Somewhere in the basement, somewhere your car is bought. John Aarkhya, where children can play comfortably, somewhere those facilities are not there.  When you will understand from someone why there is such a reason for Project Quote 22, then you will know why there is a difference of cents between 20 and 35, then today if you get a thing worth Rs 1 crore, then it is almost the same thing. In under construction you get one stomach skin but according to me you have to go towards under construction only, the main difference in that is your like my one by one text so if you want that syrup again very subscribe service I had repeated that Pathshala a lot to the people coming near Udaipur, but they should repeat it, it has been one and a half years, okay, so the old subscribers and students are satisfied, if you people have not joined, if you want, brother, this Ilu.  Illu Illu Illu What is My One by One? Okay then what is By One by One? So below you write My and Maven. People sometimes misunderstand the spelling of Maven. Mi Dene is a Malaysian company whose  First of all, this was technology, I will explain it again chapter wise. I never go out. You know I keep coming and going so that you get to see its videos, but for this thing, maybe I will spend 15 minutes.  You guys, I should go somewhere and make a good clipping of it for you guys to subscribe, so if you want to bring only someone like me, is it okay, then please read it by putting a few likes and you will have to write my and in the comment section, okay, so if you Madhavan.  Will write in the comment section, add Mi also, very soon you will get to know more about it, those who have ideas, I will give them a better idea that as soon as the bars are fitted on the same pin, two more spaces are left but it is fitted on this.  Do it and see how much is going on, a simple thing is ok, a simple example like this, 25 more misconceptions are spread and we will also be at peace, I will pour cold water on their hot pan, ok then that too will be done.  But that's why you must write it to me in the comment section. Thank you.