Hello friends, today's topic is Seeking Positivity or Looking for Automatic Positive in Every Situation is Itself and Negative Trait, this is going to be a slightly deeper topic, as always I have left the original knowledge from the old one, I have brought the old one, stay connected till the end, I also call you positive in everything. This is a wrong belief system. This is a wrong belief system. I will try to tell you through some examples and what should happen in its place.  I will try to tell that and what to call it, I will tell you if you write that thing yourself and remember it in your mind. Used extremely well. This b-positive is mostly not far from Shatrughan Adhleti that on the way the cat eats the issue.  No, I can't see the cat, so I ca n't see the bill, I will show it to the cat as well. Okay, a dozen houses in real life. Do n't confuse whether the glass is full or completely full. If the affair is positive, then half is.  God will appear full Negative You are realistic and practical Thousands This glass is so full Will this glass quench my thirst And if not then ask where else is the water This question is why like is a fighter plane Do you know that these are fighter planes Their  One thing is visualization of seat ejection seat, if something was wrong, if the engine stops or any other incident happens, then the pilot can unite to save his life. Okay, brother.  Press Latest Positive Why does the person think that it has to be done like this? He will get tested or he will be hit by a missile or the engine will stop, it will be audited or the hydraulics will be cleared or the electronics will be cleared or there might be something inside the pipe.  One and a half thousand things can happen. Why does he go thinking like this? He doesn't think about whether it will be nutritious or not. After reciting the Mahamrityunjaya Mantra, how come he doesn't go? Tell me, brother, any color can happen, so that's why ejection seat.  It was invented that things go wrong only police act in Golaghat is fine, this is called negative preparation, all these points are called a pre take off but emergency before take off, their shop engine player, player on take off role, I will do the section.  Detection Distraction Haryana Intimidation Let's do our practice speaking this Negative Preparation Dare not to pin that God may be like this Butter friend  Preparing and It I Get 360 Degree Perspective on Life Nobody Else Matters for Any Other Channel People Do It in Parts Write the Tone Carefully Negative Preparation Everyday Be Prepared Everyday Be Prepared for Something Negative to Happen in Your Life and Always Add When You  You wear a seat belt, you wear any seat belt, do you wish that  The car will stop, you will hit the sugar, you are the brother of the team who is prepaid, in case if I met with an accident, such a 2001 vehicle, whatever it is, it is a reply vehicle, such vehicles are expensive, because they are pair united, write to whatever.  Things can go wrong in your life, write them down, something can happen, relationships, job, investments, car, physical harm.  If you start preparing for us and them on health, then it is a force that you are not only preparing for a positive outcome, you are going and giving a job interview exam, you are studying and after giving the exam, you are preparing for the next one.  The solution to Your Preparing for Failure Unfortunately in India begins Society Nobody Else Paris Everybody is Preparing for Success or Dealing with Failure Neither the parents nor the school have any negative preparation for you and when success is achieved, they want to move towards it and it makes the poor girl fairer. The father did not care about the affair. If anything has happened, I used to worry about you and had put it aside.  I wish I had done that, I had sold it, I had given it to such an expensive school, brother, I have nothing to do with you, you are a dishonor, be it a boy or a girl, we have also dishonored you, so what can we do, we gave a little to yours.  It has been written that there is a failure in the marriage and the child is on the dish, but we have written the effect, I have got a job, you have done everything, you know your work, it is okay, everybody buddy, in this 2009 society, no one is going for negative preparation, sometimes listen to the country.  Even if I repair it, it will dry up, I have to keep a buffer stock, I have to keep a stock of so many tons, 75 tons of 75 million tons, that is our actual expenditure, that is a different thing, but  You keep it repaired, otherwise if water runs out somewhere, you keep a double tap in your bathroom. If you need it in an emergency, then tips to practice that it will not ping bean positive, you will give convenience water daily, will you ever feel that the motor will run?  The water will come down, why is there a need to keep it, we give so much maintenance, we keep giving it here and there, if you keep two buckets in your summer, then their water will be cool. If you come in the evening and take a bath, then you will get coolness, the water will come on Neetu.  Hot in every house is fine, nowadays the products are yes, they are ahead in such a way in Gurgaon real estate market that you open the door only when cold water comes, there are such things which you should know, so how did you like this video, got to know about some different belief systems, that this system  Better to see positivity in everything, not son, not daughter, positive Jassi Sometime 239 positive, that nonsense situation is yours and if you force positive in it then life will change.  I have been deprived of going towards better things by force, if you start forgetting the batter in it, then take this approach. It is okay to have batter in everything, it is fine, find the batter, but if it is not there then send it, then tell him brother, it is not right and I.  I will do something and this is a normal day, never think about it or when you think about it, consider any situation as good, married life is going smoothly, it is not going well, I just started focusing on my job, started focusing on children. Started paying attention to the society, started paying attention to friends, you turned a blind eye, there was no enemy mentality that marriage and women too at 40 are going on like this, oh oil late marriage is not good work listed in good night  Interested Late May Get Good Both Husband Wife In Was Not Going That's Why Accept Positivity Mughal Sports Activity Ki Yes We Are Married  Are our children studying or does society see us as married couples? If DJ is positive then it's like keep going in a bad marriage. Don't fix Mary by seeing positivity. Negative repair votes only by taking get prepared. Comment that water situation is this. Positive is negative in that situation.  There is no need to be a serious situation heir and see if you like the situation unless you don't like  It's often an improve appointment, Nishikant's improve point on the daily set, don't just force the teleprinter, it's good, it's good, the policeman has also beaten him properly and says, 'Who is a murderer, you did it, I did it, don't use your brain like this. Beat it and say yes you did it you did it thank you very nice day