Hello friends, today we will discuss a topic which is a very popular topic for the middle class. Nepotism. Nepotism means familialism. We will discuss about nepotism. Is nepotism bad? Is there a need for the middle class to get so irritated? Try to give a fresh perspective.  If I am able to give it to you, then tell me. If you can enjoy it, then you try to tell me. My job is to give a fresh perspective on the thought process of the society.  Brother, think like this, friend, don't be sad in everything, this word nepotism became more prevalent for the first time when Kangana Ranaut ji and Karan Johar's system was started, it is fine and it was associated with Bollywood, secondly it was associated with your politics, it is fine. Nepotism is considered very bad as far as it is understood, in simple language it means that one person gives advantage of his position in the family while giving that advantage to the other.  The first step is to stop others from taking advantage, so do it for yourself and then promote yourself and not give it to others, and then you have to stop others, no no you, no you, absolutely not, this is a matter of pain for the middle class. But today I want to give you a perspective by discussing it on this channel. If you got interested in it, if you agree with it and understand, then definitely write, share this video, definitely subscribe to the channel, I want to request this.  I want to increase the numbers a bit so that I can reach out to more people. I want to ask that historically if a man is doing something and wants to pass on the benefits to his child then what has gone wrong because that is a non-sexy thing.  For example, a farmer's son being a farmer's son cannot be nepotism, nor is it considered nepotism; if someone has been going to the army for seven generations and is serving the country, it cannot be nepotism because there is no benefit in it.  There is not much glory, there is not that much sexiness, there is a danger of death in farming, it is a very scorching job to expose your face to the sun, but if we talk further, if you have a shop of clothes and you have been running that shop for many years and it is good.  If it is going on, if you put your child on it, then it will not be nepotism. Yes, no, it is not nepotism. Why is it not nepotism? Why did you not conduct the entrance test of the child who was most suitable and select the one who is better?  If you could run a business, why did you run it on your own? People will start getting a little distracted here. What nonsense is he talking? Hey, even the middle class does nepotism. Your child is not worth anything. You send him to Kota to appear for the IIT exam. On the strength of your money and coaching, this is not nepotism. Your child cannot sing anywhere. He has no talent. You push him and send him on the stage saying, ' Son can't sing, daughter can't sing, you and these teachers fight.  She fights with, ' Mmm, you have n't given exposure to my children. Oh, you don't deserve it. No, but you are giving exposure to me, I have not paid the fees. Yes, now you are talking. Is it a normal human tendency to promote your child, so what is wrong.'  Is it just because your father is not rich or is not ready to invest money on you? It means that if he is ready to invest money on you then you will get into trouble with him and you will be in trouble if you are born in a poor family.  Luck is fine, after that, talent, luck, talent and hard work, three things are achieved, all three things should be there, hard work is also needed, luck is also needed and one talent should also be natural talent, so the person who is there now is Suhana Khan, daughter of Shahrukh Khan.  Now she had appeared in some picture, now there was some thing, so people knew about nepotism, what did they say, she was not supposed to come, she was not that talented enough and someone  Who else should have come, this picture, picture brother, that picture was made because Suhana Khan was to come and all these children of hers had to come, that is why that picture was made and normal people were also included in that picture, it is not that all of them are the same.  But this picture was not made, these people do not understand that brother, that picture was not supposed to be made, then why was it to be made, it was made, it was there, now it was made, people from very ordinary families, who were involved in film making,  Evolves into a crew of 100, 150, 200. They do different jobs, what would be the problem if they also get paid? Has nepotism happened to you? Every person is ready to do anything to promote his child. This is a natural tendency but your father.  If he is not ready to do so and is not a good father, then you do not need to judge him as such or not, even within the Supreme Court, including the present, his father  Today, the father of the one who is our Chief Justice has been the longest serving Chief Justice of India. Chandra Jut ji's father has been there for seven years. I am not saying that he is not capable, he is also very capable, but now there should be an end to nepotism, brother.  Since then I have seen the law that someone's father does stock market, his child will become a good investor and whose father is playing doctor, whose father is playing doctor, whose child is playing doctor, maybe his child will become a good doctor and  If he does it to his child, then the chances are the same. Now people will be troubled by bullying. Hearing this, brother, natural leadership is more in Lalu ji's son. Look at Lalu ji, he has that too, now it will come in your child and not that.  If it becomes ours, it is not in our power, if it is there, then who is stopping us? The second thing that the society forgets is whether it is one generation which is at fault or two generations which is at fault, you reduce their efforts to zero.  You say that he got it cooked, he got it cooked, then did he also get it cooked, who is giving him cooked, no, he did not get it, then his 50 years will not count anywhere, just because you are such a person.  If you are doing a government job or a corporate job which cannot do any good to your child, then you do not need to get irritated, you are a fool for going into that job because if you are the Cabinet Secretary of Brothers and sisters, once you retire, your child cannot take IS on the default setting and if he takes IS then he will have to start from the HDM level, he will not become a Joint Secretary, because my father was the Cabinet Secretary of India, I did the IAS paper. But since he was that great then take me as Joint Secretary because he has great intelligent blood in my veins. If it does not happen then you will not have to cry.  There is no need because if Jeth Milani Indi was such a big lawyer of our country, his son Mahesh Jeth Milani had to benefit from his network, his knowledge, if the father himself is so intelligent, then what knowledge will he not give to his child?  He will not give any knowledge to Amit Kumar about getting him to sing or will not take advantage of his stage presence to sing with him. If his father is singing, he will tell his son to come and sing, will he call your son or not?  If you are talented or not, then who will decide? Why is this discussion about talent nepotism? Why are you feeling chilly? Now Kangana ji has come. Now accept Kangana ji, whether she has a sister or a brother. If she has a child, then she will give it to her tomorrow. Then.  Hey why did you say why why won't you do it? If your real aunt doesn't help then who will do it? If Mamata Banerjee ji is not married then she has a nephew so he is coming so he is.  He will come and who else will help the aunt, he will do it, whoever is his nephew, I do n't know, I don't even know whether it is brother's son or sister's son, you write, okay then it is okay, he is doing it, he is busy now.  Today, all those who created ruckus in the issue of familialism have engaged those with familialism in their parties, who has stayed, who has stayed and the person who does not belong to his family cannot belong to anyone else, he is a dangerous person, remember it is natural.  Thing This is if a person is neither his son's nor can he be someone else's, he is full of himself, he has to do good for himself, he loves his own image more than that of his child, this is his natural tendency which shows greatness.  I have not done any good to my child, will I do it to you or anyone else, he is a narcissist man, he is not even good to his own child, brother, what will happen to you, so don't promote these narcissist people and stop getting irritated yourself. If your father was not capable of helping you, then please join a line that can help your next generation. If you are a lawyer, then teach good drafting and good case knowledge to your child or to your neighbor's child. Think for yourself, the person who cannot teach his own child and is not teaching anyone's, can be promoted only up to a limit, whether he is Sunil Gavaskar 's son, Tendulkar's son or Amitabh ji's son.  there is one brother  You will get a push once, after that I said, luck, talent and hard work, luck will be with you because you reached there by working hard and with talent. Now if talent and hard work is missing in your child, then he will depend only on luck. Nobody's child is going to go and if you look at it Ranbir Kapoor Ranveer Kapoor works harder than Rishi Kapoor, SN actor Rashid Kapoor was a very good actor, he was a star, but what fault can you find in Ranbir Kapoor? You mean he doesn't work hard or does n't have talent, he is just suffering from luck. Yes, Ranbir Kapoor also has luck because his grandfather was Raj Kapoor and great grandfather was Prithvi Raj Kapoor and he is linius and he lived in Mumbai and his Everything is there and his mother was also an actor. Agreed, isn't there hard work and talent? His wife is Alia and now she has a daughter, so Alia Bhatt ji also won her National Award and this award too. Both of them are strong actors, now if a child is born from their family, then if he has talent and is blessed with luck, one has to give him the flavor of hard work, then why are you jealous of this? You also have your children.  Those who cry over nepotism, brother, hard work is in your hands, you have talent and luck, now luck becomes a cocktail of talent and hard work, in different proportions.  If life takes us somewhere, then what is the use of crying? Tell me the house in which you were born. You could have been born in Somalia too. If you were born in India, then celebrate that and that of others.  Why should he enter into this or not? It is nepotism. Shahrukh Khan's father was not an actor. Shahrukh Khan ji has been engaged in the Fauji serial since 1987-88. Since then, he has been busy in front of the camera. Before that, he also took training.  Ok, so how many years have passed since you started acting? You can count. That person has been doing it for 36-37 years. It will not be of any benefit to his child, nor will any of his knowledge be of any benefit to him. That's how they look in the camera.  No, we don't see like this, we move our hands like this, we don't have to see like this, no, son, do it like this, no, no, this benefit should not be there, this benefit should be given to that poor child or some normal person, why brother, why should they get all the benefits?  the man who works hard  It has reached that his children should get employed, that means Shahrukh Khan's children should play cricket and Sachin Narkar 's children should get into acting and Mukesh Ambani's children should not do business at all, they should do something else, that is the government.  Should Mukesh Ambani's children give UPSC exam or go to IM? He doesn't go, he will go to any college, anywhere. Why is this irritation that he got an advantage, he got an advantage. Now let me give you another example of nepotism. It is absolutely right that only the king's son becomes the king. This is not nepotism. Why did the king's son become the king? It is right. There was Nand dynasty, Chandragupta became Chandragupta, I became the king again.  Chandra Maurya Dynasty has come and then he has come to end the Maurya Dynasty. Only the king's son will become the king. If you have the strength then he will rise and become the king. If you don't become the king then cry.  In this way, who refused, why should the son of the Prime Minister become the Prime Minister, then you become one, you fight the elections in India till date, not all the Prime Ministers' children have become Prime Ministers, even tea vendors have become Prime Ministers, so you can also become Prime Minister, so do it, do not become the Prime Minister.  He has an advantage, why are you pushing him out, otherwise if he gets out, then all the vacancies will be yours, wherever this nepotism is happening, if we remove him, your child will definitely get selected, he is incompetent, still no.  You will be selected and you will be middle class. Are you not doing nepotism? Are you sending your children everywhere by giving them coaching where they are not worthy? Why do n't you spend that money even on the children of poor people who are more hardworking and have more talent?  It is also visible, maybe your driver's child, your maid's child may be more hardworking and talented than your child and even if you are seeing it, will you invest money on it? Put your hand on your heart.  Tell me, all the middle class people become marble size teachers, it is a big problem for the middle class people, it is a big problem from here to there, why does it happen brother, why is this chilli being planted, why should it not be being planted, now let's come to make YouTube0, the content is known through hashtags.  Do you know that if you tell the same knowledge to your child then will it be nepotism? Today, how can anyone stop anyone? You can promote your child but today, you cannot stop anyone. Law and order.  There is an order, the country is free, who can stop democracy, you tell me, someone must be having so much talent for acting, he will come, friend, Manoj Bajpayee is here, Pankaj Tripathi is here, Pankaj Kapoor is here, now Pankaj Kapoor is a very good actor, his  Son Shahid Kapoor can't find any advantage because of his father and was a side actor. He neither had much hold in the industry nor earned much money. He learned the dance moves from his Chamak Davar and came with all his talent and hard work, so now you will call it nepotism to Shahid Kapoor. Tell me this Shahid Kapoor nepotism, the child needs some exposure to come somewhere and do something.  Now this Vicky Kaushal is doing well, a good actor, he is married to Katarna ji, now his father was an action director and some was in the movie industry, but he is a gunner. Now Ajay Devgan's father was also an action director etc. Veeru Devgan is fine but now he was the one who had that thing as a natural and if someone's child is doing something at his father's work place and he does better in it then  He is fine but if he is doing much better then it is nepotism, that means Amitabh Bachchan's child is nepotism but Veeru Devgan's child is not nepotism because he is below, so this class. We have issues, we just don't have anything else, we can't see the fun of Dhani, your fun is fun, what fun is it, brother, there is as much struggle, we have to bear the same humiliation, if your father, have you ever talked to any son till date? Whose father is such a big legend, what a huge burden he has because he knows that even the best of the best will not be able to come close to him and if something good happens then people will say, 'Hey, hey, he is his son.' Has anyone talked?  To Rohan Gavaskar Is Anybody Talking To Arjun Tendulkar Is Anybody Talking Like This To Let's Say Abhishek Bachchan That Yaar What Is Your Pressure In Life If Your Father Is Such A Legend And Such A Great Success It's Very Difficult It's Easy To Say, My Children  I was very proud of all this, what about the 12th failure story, what about the 12th failure story, it was a big hit, right?  The picture earned 73 crores but was made in less than 75 crores because yes, the child of the poor should be well and the underdog should be well, that's what we want to see, the whole society should be like this only the rich who have become rich by working so hard, now I want to ask who is in 12th  Whoever failed and IPS is Manoj ji and he will check their children after working hard, now what will become of them now, they will get so much glory but they have reached there with the success of their father and if due to their hard work or because of whatever, they can get something else. What is bad if he becomes a child, then it will become nepotism. If a person has become a film maker after working hard for 50 years and does not know how he came from there, will you call him nepotism? This is Punjabi Bagh Shali Bar Bagh in Delhi and as much business runs in Delhi.  The people of Delhi who say that they are original Delhi, those from Delhi also came from Lahore, that Shamdi Hatti of yours came from Pakistan, go, what do you say, the first shop of Khan Market came from Lahore.  It has happened 18960 times, where is the nepotism from, friend, you are surviving, working hard, just because someone has given you a platform, you did not get any platform, you were in a government job, your job is not worth anything except your child's education.  There is only so much food to give, so you are thinking that it should be like this for everyone, here our children should enter everywhere, they don't enter, brother, he has to become Chandragupta Maurya, Nand has to wake up and come.  Then you go and sit and after that your dynasty is established, then someone else comes as a challenger, he removes you and then he becomes this. This is how the world is running in practice. Let us remove this word of nepotism from our life.  So it is better because they are giving a loser exit route to the next generation, my child would also have become like this, if we had also been something or look at this, they have set only their own children.  If you do n't set your children, then your children will set you. You don't feel ashamed of your intelligence even once to think that friend, you are not in his place, if we were in his place, we would not have done this. People with a straight face.  They also do nonsense, I am telling you, no, if my maid's child is more talented, then brother, we will not take money from our child but will invest it in it. I have heard people, yes yes, if you are my subscriber, there are people who like to debate.  to win  No matter how logical we talk and do nothing, everyone promotes their own children, even the deserving children, promotes them everywhere and then cries about the nepotism of others. Middle class is a typical example. I have seen many examples.  I have told you that you know that your child has not passed anywhere and is not even equal to the IIT GK score. His marks are only 70 in class 12th or class 10th.  60 65 70 Even then you came for coaching, coaching after coaching, no coaching, maybe if you pass, what are you doing, you are trying, right? And who can stop you from this effort, your child, your money, your wish, then this is the thing when someone else Believe it or not, a film maker has it or a businessman has it, a doctor has it, his wife is also a doctor, opened a hospital, worked hard for 30-35 years, the nursing home is running smoothly and is running very well.  Children are born there, they are earning a lot of money, it's fun, it's okay, the wife is a gynecologist, the husband is a patrician, okay, now what happens to his child, it's okay to send him to a donation college and give him 56 lakhs of money many years ago.  The fees used to be donation, now donation is 50 lakhs, that 50 lakhs is one crore, does he have a monthly income, will he not give it to his child? Even if his child is not worth anything, at least he will become a doctor.  If he manages, then he will sit on the back of the hospital, so they make him, now you call it nepotism, say whatever you want, hey, he worked hard for 70 years, his wife did medicine for 35 years, he did it for 35 years, let his hard work of 70 years go to waste.  Because of this there will be nepotism, only that worthy doctor will be hired, that incompetent doctor will not do the donation, he will not do the operation, but he knows about his MBBS.  Those who have degrees are all good, your children who are not nepotistic will work as his servants, then you will say that look at this, he is an incompetent doctor and if I had a father then I wish I would have been born in the river Ganga which he had sown in my last birth.  You did not sow it, now you do your hard work, you are going to work for those 35 years, then your children will say, yes, my father did it, so what are these many times, our starting lines are very different that  Where do we start? We are just because we have talent, hard work, we feel entitled, so brothers and sisters, I teach astrology, I also get luck from fate, it makes a difference where you are born, I too do not feel diplomatic in speaking.  You know, that's why people talk a lot about talent and hard work and it is also important. I am also not denying that the child of that doctor, if he is not talented as a doctor but as an administrator, it is good.  He is talented, has knowledge of finance, has knowledge of investment, even then he will take the hospital to great heights and even get it listed. These 25,000 crore listed hospitals are being run by the mind of most of the non-doctors. Poor doctors.  If someone is giving medicines, looking at reports, doing operations, then he also needs that. We need every friend. Don't go into negativity or nepotism.  Nepotism is good because Nepotism is good very good because it gives you motivation to a business owner that whatever I have worked hard for for 60-70 years, I can transfer it to my next generation. If nepotism is banned then people will do this only.  Don't do this and then someone will say why make a hospital, we will also remain servants, we have been fed up with two, four, five, seven lakh doctors, depending on your seniority, why ours?  If someone applies so much because he wants to do nepotism, then nepotism is good. Just like stains are good, nepotism is good. You will find it difficult to speak. Many people will find it difficult to listen. So introspect in yourself that you did not have the brain to take advantage of this nepotism. Well, your father had it. Your father was also a bit of a fool because he took a job in which there should be no benefit, then he fooled you too and put him in a job that he You have worked for 30-35 years and your child is not getting any benefit from it and you are imparting these values ​​to your child too and in the debate of nepotism, you are creating such negativity in the society which is not clear.  They will only do nepotism. If you are a Chartered Accountant then your child has to become a Chartered Accountant. Whether he likes it or dislikes it, we don't like it, if you don't like it then whatever you like. There again he will do nepotism, he has to sing the songs he likes, that song-singer from the film industry is sitting there after setting up, then he will say nepotism, yours was bursting, you were there, you went there, why didn't you play nepotism, everyone has to play nepotism, India is on nepotism only.  It is settled that Kumar was the child of Kumar, the son of a goldsmith, he was a goldsmith, all of them were nepotism, the Kumar was the one who used to respect Kumar earlier in the society.  It was not so about the profession that Sonar was very great and Kumar was very bad. It was not so that many years ago everyone was earning their living through their hard work. The program was running very well and there was no scope for unemployment. Whoever was a weaver, his children became weaver.  Farmer's children used to go and become farmers, okay, so the program used to run like this, this was our system, but somewhere or the other, we destroyed that system and made it a caste system, then the British did such a thing, then we created our own.  Such  We did it like this and we did it to everyone else, otherwise it would have been the same, tell me, that is the thing even today, the child of a Chartered Accountant, the child of a Chartered Accountant, a lawyer, if a lawyer does not become an architect, then what will he do? If he is a ready client, then what will he do?  One day you just have to tell father no, slowly, slowly, slowly, sit comfortably behind me, brother, see, brother, do, brother, see, you talk, now he will be good, if he is intelligent, then the thing will work out, otherwise it will not.  It will work but only initial mover advantage is given, nepotism has to be done, one's talent is also inherent, it is okay, if father is a very good singer and mother is a very good singer, then that talent comes in children, music comes in your mind and soul, there are chances that  You will also do well now depends on hard work, luck is good, talent is also there, hard work is there, there is a mixture of all three and all three. Which work will be done by you is also a game of luck as to where you come. Once upon a time, work could be done with less talent, now it is not possible because there is a lot of competition. People are ready to work hard, so I bring these deep topics. How do you guys like it? Please write in the comment section and share. Thank you.