Hello friends, today's topic is Interesting Times in Gurgaon Real Estate and Customer's Confusion. Why are customers a little confused? What are Interesting Times? Very good projects are coming up in Indian locations. For the first time, you must have seen that there is no such fanfare on Diwali.  There was neither a scheme nor any project, a break was given, a lot of stool was sold in the last August, it was sold in the beginning of September, after that there was a calling period of 45 days, okay when everything was done. The end is getting ready, I had said that the price will be reset, so Nav 5 digital is in this order of D and the price, understand what is 5 digital. According to you, digital had become long ago according to 999, but then it should also be according to the super area.  Whatever price is the product line up, there are some value picks in the products, it is fine now and since another letter has come out on 18th October, it is less for me to explain it also, I will give you one of my samjhaunga under vaginas.  There is also an app because now the subscriber base, you who have joined must have seen that there has been a huge increase, now I cannot control the number, there has been that much increase, so with the help of technology, I have created my own app, sangolite formula, I will give you its link in the comment section.  I am also giving it or I will give it here in the description, so you download it, but you will get the notifications, if it is not completely free, but you have to pay ₹ 500, then you will have such a system because the system itself is like this.  Correct  But even if you consider 5-7 rupees as free, if you have come then you will think that he is not becoming a tycoon because of his technology, you understand that the expenditure is water, because if it is not then it is not sustainable because those people do not do bonfires, the system in it is like this, then you can download it.  Do Jansath project, it will be according to you, Wagner, you can join it because in the coming time, I am going to spread a lot of awareness in the next 15-20 days, one month, two months so that you can know how the products are and how the projects are.  How are the rates, how is the value pick, because now what is the horse, the donkey, the lame horse and the lame donkey, all are running away. Okay, so it is becoming a little difficult to distinguish which one is which and the dust is flying, so when the dust is flying and the lame donkey is running away.  If the sound is coming then it takes some effort to differentiate it, otherwise you will keep asking, this one is good, that one is good, you can also take platinum membership in that too.  All the facilities are there, but with respect, this app is my request to all of you, the audience, because on this I am also for different types of women, for children, for communication skills, for teachers and my happiness has to rise.  Okay, I think it will be a super hit because probably no one has made such a course till date and no one has made any course on happiness based on Baati Baati, so it is interesting, time is late, Gurgaon.  I will cover real estate right now. The customer's confusion is because this is the point for the process. When you have the choice, earlier only one channel used to come on Doordarshan, then they became two, so the confusion was less, then as the cable  TV satellite TV came and that confusion increased and now you know how much confusion there is, from how many hot platforms, how many Indian web series are there, there is a choice, earlier one had to take one of the bassist feet, then after many years Maruti came, then Maruti.  It was with me that brother, take this, take that, now see how much of this is there inside the cars, whatever you have, wherever the customer is spoiled for choice, there is a need to understand the things, so it is your role to understand that.  According to retirement, if you understand John C. Wagner's thing, then you can join then do the budget project in it or you call me in it in the budget, then if you join it then it will be of different genre, from 80 90 lakhs to one. From 1.25 Crore to 1.5 Crore to 2 to 2.2 to 2.5 to 4 to 7 and I had many complaints from people that I did the scattering for D mass thing that if the subscribers increase in the name of numbers then you can remove their complaints. While doing this, while also keeping the NRI brothers away, I will focus on the ultra luxury segment, so whatever details will be there in the video, it will focus on the fact that this segment is in the budget.  I will write it so that otherwise he was an audience and he was also an audience who was angry that the way of understanding is good, everything is good but even if we tell something less than ours, it means I think I should do justice for date also, now he  If projects come in segments then I will be covering 2 segments also [Music] We will be asked right questions What am I training normal customer Tu Aastha Right Questions  People do not go beyond basic things bhai sahib hai kitne ka bhai discount hai bhai this and these are not going beyond the standard four questions, I want to take those questions to 40 questions there so that it gives great pleasure to ask those 40 questions. When people say that someone is going somewhere, on asking questions the sales people also say that you are a student of your Sangwan ji, it is a lot of fun and I will go for Nagpur also.  Ahmedabad and Bangalore and Lucknow and Jaipur and that means all the cities, whatever big cities they are, okay, I am from South India or East India, I will be covering everything, so this is a pan India program because the subscribed people have shown a lot of love, so it is a cutter for everyone.  If you do, then whoever can understand the John like thing should go and my request is that if you are North Indian and if any other cities are being covered then please come to the cities of our country, it is possible that you will be there somewhere there too.  If a thing is understood more, it can definitely happen, then time will be given for it, normally the only complaint was that people are connected with me directly through WhatsApp number, that I used to give a little less time, there is no office to give anything. I know that there was a resentment among the people, now technology has come, an app has been made, expenses are water, you know, if it does not make money, now under that, you will get notifications about whatever app you download. You will get a lot of time and if in that time I If I have to repeat, I will also repeat so that the show happens, brother, it is not like there is only one show at 12:00 or only at 7:00, so brother, I will not do that, I will also do repeat shows, if anyone.  You have to buy a ticket from Johnsonwala, you can get connected easily by purchasing the ticket, download the app, download the app, it is a very simple app, it is not such a complicated app that you will do nothing by downloading it, it hardly takes up space and anything else. I have done classes in it, it is already started, it means it has been started for 24 days now, it is a new Chotu Baby, so download it and stay connected through it, you will definitely benefit a lot and those who are taking platinum membership, please have a request.  Join WhatsApp, I will add them to platinum telegram group, they can do things in a different way. Those of you who want to take platinum membership should also take platinum membership.  Can thank you very much