Hello friends, he expects you also in the plate end and you work late, so this will be a very interesting topic because many people have this problem actually, if you also have this problem then watch the whole video, you will have to share it very intelligently, so that everyone knows about it.  Well, because as many people will see this and act, only then will this system change. First of all, why would your boss be late and if you are the boss and are my subscribers and you should keep quiet about anything I say. So there is no need to run away like this, you can watch the van off video, okay once things go quiet and you have to observe this carefully, observe your boss very closely. At 10, 11, 9:30, 9:00, whenever someone comes to the office.  What do I do, what do I do here, I will take mostly men because female work participation is very less, it is fine in our workforce and there are even less female bosses in it, so we can avoid it. Okay [Music] They grow up a little at an age, at 25-30 there are generally less people, till then, within the marriage, the system also wants to show to those above them, those below them and the wife that we do very little because of one.  You get a sense of control, I am not taking anyone's name, it is okay, when in astrology, when there is stress in the family, which are different, you can call someone, then you get a sense of power, there mostly that  There is a night program, it is very bad, I mean, I know it is a family audience, we don't talk about such things openly, but those are also issues, you can understand them by people's likes and that is why they become so saddest.  That until they make you like this, you will not find peace in their life. You understand my point, you are a gangster, you are newly married, there are less calls from the boss on message time, what do we do every night.  People, in late night, I mean those who are mostly youngsters, you see, basically there is tension that by giving so much speech, the blood in your life will flow here and will not go anywhere else. If it will not go anywhere else, then there will be no other programs. I hope you people.  Everyone is understanding only so many things, I can explain them but it is a pain, that is why I have to tell you, India needs you to discuss this, they have finished their program, it is bad, as if the mother-in-law was also a daughter-in-law, this tradition is still going on, now they have no one.  to look forward I don't even want to go home, there are some people to forward, there is no relation, there is no future program, there is nothing like that, it's like I don't know what to do, Rashi, this is life, why are you laughing now, it seems like a shutdown comedy, why? I know that everyone will have different reactions, but I don't want to take votes from anyone because I am popular, which is a lot of trouble, it takes effort for me too to come up with that. I am my  Things like pet consultation, my content is real content, it is getting appreciated a lot, subscribe comment section, it is changing life impact, a lot is happening, give a site by doing social blade, which has got a lot of subscribers and is also a celebrity, because of this social impact is seen in the comments.  On big medium you judge date there is on site my ranking in it is very good I came to know later someone else told me I didn't even know see all this and  Please give me what are your thoughts, I am telling you, please write in the comment section. Go to my comment section and read my videos. As much as there is learning in my videos, you will also learn a lot from it that this is happening because of what things happen in our life.  It has been our experience that if discussion does not happen then we feel that it is our problem, I am the only one who is suffering and it is no one else's problems. Boss, judge this and them.  Do full uncomfortable and ask him Sir, what is your program? No, you can say help, send him the video, somehow, if you make this video viral, it will reach somewhere, it is not necessary that you have forwarded it, maybe I can share this video with someone. Do a link up on your investment video so that you send it to your boss about investment and he can see it indirectly or at the end. The card which is there comes at the end, somehow deliver it to him, it has become a hell.  The boss's life is not less than the personal failure of those below. Which organization is only growing? Do all the trees also keep growing, should they reach the sky? How much is he doing at 1:30, how much is he doing at 2:30.  What are you doing at 4:00 in the morning? What are you doing in the morning? Enjoy the lead back. Only at 7:00 does it come too late. Even at 7:00 when I go home, I feel as if I don't know if I am an employee.  I don't know the meaning of letting him go back, I do n't know what happened, hey brother, do less from 9 to 5, friend, if you are doing less than 8 hours, not less than 8 hours, if you reduce the number of hours in government job, then the country and America will be in trouble.  It will do the beat, no, the first thing is not less, it is so right, and even that is not done, and inside the private, it is shown as if I don't know whether we are shooting arrows in the pumpkin, I don't know, there is a private ronitor partnership going on and  job like this  There is a pressure thing going on, a situation is created by asking for one's life, this is how it is done, everyone knows that if there is a woman in the house, if she has to delay food for a month, then she can do it for 50 days. Women know how to cook, men know this.  That thing will not be cooked on time, it cannot be cooked simultaneously, no brother, you can also cook rice in one cooker, you can also cook rice in the other, it is not written anywhere that rice can be cooked only in a pressure cooker.  They will add only rice, there can be only one thing, if both the things are happening, then salad can also be done, I am telling you as an example, after doing basic level, you will know what is the agenda of the day, it can be reduced tomorrow and again the day after tomorrow.  Then reducing it is a necessary thing that the boss cannot go on time or he does it to those who go on time, they have psychological issues and this is a psychological problem and it is very common and it is very common so it is called  It is not even considered a problem. You start fasting like this, start humiliating and start scaring. This will send such a message to the entire process in India that people are talking about our potency as important. It will seem a little strange to the people.  I know everything, but not to do anything to bring transformation in the society, and this is a disgusting crime, think about it, that he is doing something wrong, below the belt, he is protesting against your life, builtyhit.  If this is happening brother, then there is nothing wrong in your thinking, I also know the karmic theory very well that what is good is karma, what is bad is you, he has reached here, he should be off on this side, now he is here, you are doing those things.  When he was being brought, he was also crying, he could not do anything, he came here, now he wants to do the same in your life and spread such speeches on WhatsApp that you too do not have any choice.  Butt sitting there and with such a boss  The sycophant, you see him smoking a cigarette and then he will go down to the basement parking lot late at night or he will go somewhere to eat at Pappu's nearest place, all the loser boys, what do the loser boys say? I am a loser boy club, everything is fine in my life, there is nothing in yours and we will do like this and the one who is going on time, that means his life is fine brother, it is a fact if your man does it, right?  If you want to go home early at 5:00, your marital life is fine. You are excited. If you want to go home, I will get some change. Maybe I will take my wife out for a walk. We should go shopping somewhere. Why do these people live their lives only on weekends?  If it is a weekday then people have to write off their wives because if you do it only on weekends then you will have children only for 104 days. It is a different matter that today the bosses are welcoming the weekend with a different program. Even on Saturday, someone comes and sits in the government jobs, where in the offices, Saturday is considered as Sunday. In some departments, you are shown doing it on Saturday. Whenever your boss sits, give him that vibes. Your married life is bad, your family life is bad.  By doing this, you can become that type of wife, the boss also gives you vibes of hatred, anger, judgment, if there is a useless inflow, then there is anger, even the opposite, and when this  Bosses will start becoming uncomfortable, they will improve on their own, brother, you do n't have to go to your home, sit at a tea stall, sit in a coffee house, go anywhere you want, go to eat as per your wish, you get out of the office on time because you leave the office on time.  He doesn't come out, then you judge the one who wants to come out, then he can come out, then he does n't have a life yet, his wife is waiting, his children are waiting, his [ __ ] is waiting, his life is waiting.  Waiting is so bad that something is written somewhere but it is not written because in India it is not written that how many hours will be reduced and there is a concept of time and if this audit is done, then even the boss's boss should ask, brother, this is what you did.  Why did you make me sit? Why didn't I get less than you in 8 hours? What do you do in this time of 9 to 11? What do you do from 11 in the morning? What do you do from 2 to 4? What do you do with punch from four? Some will audit, some do not audit because there is no extra.  Don't just give money, reduce one and a half salary in one salary, directly ask him and tell him sir, this is according to 40 hours, no, I also work, you work because now no one says this, it is shown to him that hard work is any hard work. I don't want to show it to everyone, the real problem is there, he has problem in the department, so when a person goes to the department, he wants to show it, I am very tired. So he is exhausting himself forcefully, even if he doesn't solve the problem, it is still a problem because the problem has already happened, now he needs treatment, instead of treating him, he is adding more problems to him, but at least I am taking some courage. Give me some more praise and I will get more maturity. Both the audiences are male and female, so I will tell you a little more openly, do you understand what this pain is?  The topic is, there is pain in the boss's life too, I sympathize with him, but his bed behavior is not justified, brother, you have already ruined your life and you are not drunk, there I will go to the neighborhood friendly spider-man of superman spiderman. Government is potholes, this is traffic jam, this is this, people are getting frustrated here because actually there is no cure for it and the problem is coming from here.  And the place where the pain is coming from is not being discussed, why is it not being discussed? Discuss everything else, discuss the entire economy of the world, do this, this is toxicity in the office, judge your bosses, judge your bosses keep discussing amongst them, what is he even doing? Why doesn't he go, why doesn't he go here, why doesn't he go here and those who are following him, who don't go home, then just start doing it to them, brother, there is something wrong in their program, when this stamp starts being issued.  People will run home to show themselves that we are absolutely fit, then you have too much less, you go at 7:00 in the morning, do n't go at 6:00, do it in the evening, then what is your reason, the rate is the topic from night, if you  If we look at it this way, it is okay, it is only to help people, it is okay, not to make fun, but this is pain and we should also laugh at the pain, because only when you make light of it, will you accept it, then maybe everyone will have some courage inside.  she will come You will be left to discuss, if you are okay then please Jajji and Bosses again and again with me, whatever I have told you, I see this happening around you, it seems that I am dreaming, but I am not feeling it because of the real look.  People I am interior people with real problems, I am telling you for free, I am explaining that brother, this is also there, you see, its treatment is done by discussion, it is not done by getting worried, I am Otherwise I would go, earlier I used to go at 5:00, 6, 7, 8, then 9. Now I have come, after having food, I went to sleep, I am just very tired, you have made your life yours, now this is what you expect from everyone, not like this.  It is not right to do this, it is not right for the country. There are many reasons for happiness in Indians are very low and now people are in doubt. So, things are working for us in the right way. We are blessed with good things. Climate tell you, whatever system of summer is this, we mean right now in winter, we will start feeling very cold, this is not winter for me, you know in the world where winter falls, it is okay and if you think of summer, then despite all that date, we will not. Your problems are such that your actions are like bringing the middle class from here to the North and making them a topic of discussion so that you can also contribute that yes, this is a big problem and Sharma is not addressing it like this, shy.  I am not thanking you very much for the sake of