Loot Namaskar friends, our topic today is Take President Home by ISRO Confused and in today's video my second sub topic is covering 8120 500 of Yugos New Gurgaon and telling about the new developments there, so for the non-Gurgaon people, that is my  If you can understand the first lesson and the villagers can stop both my parts, then let's start Y2 Home and it is confused, the first reason is yes, the chances are very high.  More choices are coming in the market of Gurgaon. I have made a video on different types of products. If you guys have not seen it, I will give the link to it. There are a lot of variety of products coming in this video, so bye bye, this is the first one for you.  Choice: The democracy of that generation will remember watching Chitrahaar in childhood, when five or six were useful, there was not much choice, like economic ones, we used to enjoy, we used to enjoy Ramayana. Mahabharata used to be done, the movie used to come on Doordarshan on Sundays at a particular time, in between that I don't know how many people remember, there was also a dog walker, now there was a skin, so to subscribe, you have to come a lot in real estate.  So I want to avoid this cigarette which is disgusting as soon as I buy it. Google it to understand the office and how to avoid it. Basically you get full guarantee then the chances of this happening are less. Those who are fully informed.  Let's decide that I want to ask, but what other products are there in this price range, this is a big reason, for this you should have knowledge of the total products in that market, just do not think that I have a budget of 2cr.  And you have to take this, it may be the best thing in 1.25 CR and you can take two, you and your friend, do you understand that in taking the total of all the products, if you understand then the LR Active will be less and second.  You will get fame and infection will reduce. Second reason is that these are channel partners and the work of matching those who sell in real estate. The confusion is very big for them. Tomorrow I will tell about one like and one moment of a woman.  I got a call, they bought a very good property from a good builder in a good location on Dwarka Expressway and I called to ask how it was and I was a little worried about it, so I use a big fiber dialer whenever I get married.  if it's over then girl or  There is no benefit in the character of the groom or the bride. I tell my subscribers or those of us who know that when there is a decision, you should ask before taking it and when it is done and the money has been paid, then we are talking about it.  Don't ask, Poonam Lady has also given five-five for Bola, but although he can also go but there is another famous person and he is also known as Vikas, he has asked and is set that it is a very bad road.  Is it situated and is there, look at that project of that builder or is there a problem in it, if there is such a problem in it, then I would like to tell people here, I would like to warn that there is a problem, keep the half truth because half truth is very dangerous, I am trying to give total clarity.  I believe in myself, that's why you must have seen all the videos that I have on my channel till now. People have asked me the names of builders. Who is good in which subject? I do n't deliberately tell you about the 25 things that I tell you are good.  If there is ghee in the evil and whatever I tell you is bad, then you will get the good from the ego's side, you cannot tell, so in this project, the things that were told to them that the cremation ground is nearby, it was right, a small Ravindra is kept, that too was right, the builder.  The thing that was wrong in the old project was also true, but there is no such problem in this project, construction and quality and that thing was hidden on Madras, then there was a time when there was no mine, there was auspicious water in it.  Were Solid I want means that things have got spoiled a lot, they have got spoiled more than the builder, no one wants to spoil it so much, what is called limit, it is not understood, they want to make it wider and worse, no but I want to talk, minister image. If people want to remember this, then on that.  I want to tell people one thing that this crematorium is built next to every good project in Delhi, it was built night and night, it has been built night and night, there are builders to blackmail and many people are so stupid that they have been updated by force.  She used to build one next door as well, hoping that she would pay the builder and make a normal liner. The decision of the Panchayat is to have some kind of light, there is a tin shed on it, park it there and do it, but it happened to someone that it was in the cremation ground.  A lot of investment will have to be made, they will have to go and get a license, if there are any dangers like this, then all these things will be removed, they have to be removed, but I want to tell those people that they are devotees of Shankar Bhole, whom we all should send us to the crematorium.  Flag World But there is no opposition and that too with the fake possibilities which are there in the actual that we have built so many crematoriums everywhere. What should I tell you that if public toilets are built then maybe it will be better for the people. We have kept the crematoriums like this.  Like it means this activity is happening from morning to evening, so people don't need to panic, they have to get clarity from someone as to what it is, otherwise you will be able to take another channel partner as yours at any time and what to do at that time, you will also know about me.  If you are not taking it easy then better remind me of the [ __ ] you have done to me. This amendment says that friends, you liked such a girl but she leaves, now you are feeling like Aashika. Well, it is hurting. You friends, the motorcycle is her.  It used to happen that by narrating any story, it means character assassination. In English, it is called doing the boy's job by doing the girl's job, that the boy's got someone like this and the girl's people told that we have heard him like this, what about this and many times.  Would  There is some truth in it too. You see, a boy gave a lift to a girl somewhere on a motorcycle and a girl took it. There is a little truth in it, so what does it mean that marriage will not happen because Vijaypath is 26 27 28 30 years old.  Are you getting married when you are tired? Is there any story or not? Then you people should see that people have given many examples but examples will have to be given to make you understand that there is no need to be so worried.  Bullet your mind, what is this? Will you come up with any project? You did not buy it from the next person, so much so that you asked, stop reciting, I will tell you a solution to this, get hold of a searching person, understand from him, if you get everything then it is fine, all the things.  Understand that this project is not such that 10,000 bad things cannot be told about it, these 10 are not good things about it, you have to see why you can live with the bad things and that thing is attracting you more or are you bad.  As  You cannot live with them, this is a call to you, do you think that if Asaf Khan had found something like this, if he went to Bigg Boss, it would not have happened, then this is a big enemy due to which he will get too many customers, too much confusion.  And there is one more small thing, so I say, some mills are the customers' problem only, they will take away the property and will give it to everyone in between. Sir, please ensure that we will get it mixed like this, I will send it to my brokerage office which talks about returning the progress, send 12%.  I will meet him today  The minister also told people more about this, first of all, you all should understand that if you are getting a property worth one crore with the help of one crore, then the basic rate which would have been there is going into the pocket of the builder, which is Rs 7075 to 80 lakh.  It is less, on that there is DDC, IDCA, if you are able to see any progress on tax, if he has not been in jail, then there is GST, whoever charges it, you get the cost, there is a basic increase in it, so whatever you get from him.  he got  No, he is also promising, withholding Rs 25,000, someone in Gurgaon is promising something to someone, a boy with a job of Rs 1,520,000, I do n't even know where he went to eat wheat, then find out and bring it. And there is a song from Aamir Khan's movie, isn't that brokerage?  It is released after six-eight months, when all your program is done, Didi, when it is completed, you are making it, after 6 months you will go to fight it in the civil court.  To get the promise of Rs 50,000 and Rs 1 lakh, we will search him for Rs 1.5 lakh. Look at that, friend, he is going to gamble worth crores of rupees and how he deals with it, it is up to you to see that the one making the promise is a great thief and the one asking for the progress back is a great person. What will be the result when he collides with that stupid master thief? Let me tell you, you have to get the United right, you have to get the product right, the only thing you understand is that I am an apprentice, you see nothing else. So I understand, you are not able to understand which unit I am getting from the remaining former, it could be the builder or he said many times on the group, you are this one. Stupid man, by taking 5 lakhs, it used to take a lot of such dirty drains and units at every wrong place. Look, you need to find someone who can explain you in taking the total. Get a good doctor in your life, what a family doctor would say or a good shopkeeper.  fruit Find a vegetable seller 128 We will be a good show which suits children, it's okay for you, now in the same way, a real estate seller who will sit with you and whom you like, I will take a share in this property, I will take that shop from him, I will give affordable from this and  I will give it to you, so this one has to give you multi, hold one, this is the one from whom you can take everything, you also have an old wound in the shelter, I do not call it wrong, the answer is that I am the one who likes my vegetable seller, I know the most.  he to me  Does n't subscribe but whenever I want, I pick something. Kheta ji brother, Sandhya, I am not worthy of you, let it be, today you will take this box of mangoes from now on, oxygen will come now, neither will the public, the public is looking for it from uncle like I take it.  If I go to the ward, they will take back 5 kg and there will be a separate box opened for each of them. They also know which is the material that can be drowned. It is late, I will not be able to guess what was the thing without telling me, so if I  You have saved ₹ 15. I am not going to type 1520 on it. By saving ₹ 50 on it, in the same way, you can give ₹ 1 to someone who has given you a small probe. First of all, take away your own insults because no one is going to give it to you.  People say, yes, take this chat, the articles written by me, for everything, he will have to go to the court and you are so domineering, then look, you have reached the level, you are fine by hanging and taking six of his lives, but you will get X2 which was promised.  Because Modi is so smooth in real estate, this boy does this work, what is this little coin here, then it means that the day is in his control, who swears on whom, makes promises, you do n't even know who is the owner, you don't even know who the owner is, someone will be associated and named.  Pa, you and I, my brothers, these people in real estate, I want to tell everyone that I will talk about something else, in whose mind Aa Gaya, who thought it was his destiny, was service to you, then you are someone else's problem, I am the people.  explains a lot  I remember that for something to be good, for something else not to be bad, for Gurgaon to be good, for Noida to be bad, Noida is Noida, if you guys want, Gurgaon vs Greater Noida, Noida, if I make a video which  I have raw material to make my blog post. If you have it then you can tell me that thing in the comment. Then I will open the topic on this only. Now comes my second.  Tasty 11695 and Gurgaon, which is my lesson, I will tell you about it, there have been a lot of praises in it, I would like to tell you that I am getting marked for my very good story, well, this is Raghu Dixit's 'We will give them 10 minutes, not 12 months'.  If it happens then how will it end on January 23, after that there is no time for it, okay alliance second, come news today itself, 140 acres of land has been given to Flipkart, it is very much a logistics hub.  This one has emerged, these days it is called in the rules, Rhodes is very chatting, everything is very good in it, but now let me tell you it is very good, but tell me the full picture of Vande Mataram, Accused Chapati, a picture is still left, it is easy, now this which has been announced, 140 one  As you are telling, in this your rate job will be 6000, 12000 will be indirect and 18,000 jobs will be created and this job will have to be inclusive. [Music] Chiffon And Its Affordable Housing Mitthu When He Had Not Agarwal So if I am making you so lazy today that is the reason why I get a lot of questions, please tell me how it is set * Allah China wala tell me how it is. Look, today I am telling you my complete and simple answer with just one answer. Listen carefully, here this is the new Gurgaon AC three tire, the car secretary of Gurgaon. According to this, it is a very lovely and nice place, you can buy as affordable as you can buy here, but if you are a person earning more than Rs 1 lakh, then you do not need to live here because this area is not suitable for lower middle class.  It will be fine, last name and Riya list, I am telling you as it is, can't any rich man travel in sleeper class, even if you travel in a train, your age is required, but if you think that there are six seats in sleeper class. There are two more seats here, there are 6 seats inside, so if someone catches someone in the entire class and says that instead of your 6 seats, there will be four seats, I will splash cold water in your mouth. What will happen if I edit it, if it starts telling you that you are running away with great sorrow, then many people get angry, some people do not want to consider themselves as lower middle class board, I made a video on this.  And that's the video I made someone  To humiliate Tulsi, I did not tell him about it. I would have got it in a report card, even when the teacher cried, Tulsi - If it means being quiet, then I can become a plus in homework. If you work hard, you will be a plus. If you ever have money or Tulsi - you will not be able to become one, if you stop working hard, then one parameter in life is called temperature, we put thermometers in Jammu to see the temperature, is n't this one of them, which is someone's temperature.  If that is the temperature, then here you should not go for any such product which you thought was very good and fits in your budget and it seems that this place will not be considered at that level in Gurgaon, so if you are already ready then go for it.  There are 2 lakh people, the Red Fort is in ruins, so don't buy a house here, you should enjoy it too soon, stay on your feet, what kind of feeling do you have from inside, then you should improve yourself somewhere else. And at the second place, you will not travel from Rice Research, now the pipeline of the product is coming on Dwarka Expressway and the other parts are on the rings and the price point at which you are taking the proposal here, now whatever is the last party of two-two and a half months.  Is this a bad place for those who have a salary of Rs. 100,000 to go here now? No, it is a very good place, who has said no, but what you see in Delhi is not the same, it is one of our own and is built in Greater Kailash and is everywhere.  It is only at one place that one gets to know who it is, right who and the people who are living later are different, the people of Shantiniketan are different, the people of Pritampura are different, so it is expensive everywhere, the rich people are also everywhere, the poor are also subjects but who  I would like to say the word mother, my subscribers are very intelligent, you people must have understood my request, if you have not subscribed the channel then do subscribe. If you have any queries, see the message from me and comment.  Please do not call, leave the message completely, you can connect on an email ID given, or you can connect through WhatsApp and please like and share the channel, thank you.