Hello friends, today's topic is They Will Be Happy If You Don't Get Married, Look who is this, you guess Illuminati, who is Vijay, who is running the world, okay, who is there, we are not visible but there is a force which is very  Earn money and she sets the agenda and things in the world, so what is the benefit of not getting married, that will be the topic. Forward this video to those who are not getting married in your family after knowing them. Karna definitely feels like chilli, I know that I also want to be trolled a lot. Who are you to tell me, O old man, who are you? We are living our life. First of all, I am a Buddha, no, I don't want to tell my real further to people.  Others will find it very chilly, okay, I am eating the recipe of my white hair, I do n't like to tell like this, okay, Gyan's hair is white, Umar's is not white, I can give this much hint, okay, because I am talking about myself.  I will tell you something else then  And only chilli will be required, okay, there is no use of it, okay, then who are you, I am a social reformer, I have to speak in sales style, do it that way, okay, maybe after 5 years the government will give me some Padma Vibhushan, I don't know if the country I helped her. Okay, so who is there? So think like this, anything can happen. Okay, why is a man doing less? Okay, if you are happy then you should not be feeling chilly and if you are feeling it then that means I am mine. Because I am going to do a little extra work here, will you please send this video and those who are getting married, if there is Rakhi, they should enjoy it, it is okay and those who are not doing it, are late, will you also tell them.  First of all look at this system, if you don't get married then you are not getting married. If the boy and the girl are not getting married then that means for a few years you will live with father and mother, the city will change or after a stage you will have a separate system. If you remain independent then two.  If you have to keep them separately, then real estate will be sold more. You understand that I am a consultant myself, I am an observer myself and many people tell me that in some of my videos there seems to be some contradiction or different in this video and in this video. I am the one who is also into astrology and everything is right for everyone and after that which world is going to listen to us, now all the talk is about the one who will not do it, if he will not do it, then there will be different houses, if different houses come, then consumption will increase.  You will roam around more, you will spend more money, because for whom will you save? Neither do you have a wife, nor children, nor do you have education, nor do you have expenses, nor do you need that much savings. Why would you even buy a life insurance? If you die, then who cares, brother?  If you go then who cares, it's okay, you are the parents, as long as you are young or do a little work till then, it doesn't matter after that, why should you take insurance for 75 years?  When you turn 50, who will remember? No one will care. If some things hurt you then it's okay to keep quiet. If something good happens then it is a big advantage for the system. Women should not get married. A ha ha, how much fun it was, come and get a job.  Neither child care leave nor maternity leave nor today's leave nor that leave is complete. Very good. What do people think about those who are not getting married? If they are not getting married, do you think that only the parents are lagging behind? Who else these days?  falls behind  Get married because as soon as you read the back, you will say on your face in a second, Who are you? If one and a half thousand people write in the comment section, then who are you? So it doesn't matter to me, I am just telling you who I am.  That's why he doesn't tell you, then someone from your peer group, who is also getting married, will come to your face and say this crazy book, Meri shaadi ho rakhi hai, toh maje ey ai kept in my life or is there something, you have not married, you are a loser.  live  So no one tells that what is left behind is that some rich man comes and says, brother, money is a very important thing, you want money, Mukesh Ambani ji says that father and mother are more important than 3G, 4G, 5G because it feels good, doesn't it? Saying because in the default setting people get angry with a rich man, now when he comes to America, why doesn't he reduce his money, then you will get angry with him. Secondly, all your friends and relatives are there.  If they look at you again and again, even once, then everyone in India has a feeling - aunt, uncle, uncle, or they talk loudly, but how fast they fly, today's generation, today's generation, there is stand up comedy on that, why lag behind?  Yes, movies have also been made, do they keep chasing, this is the only thing that is lacking for these people, is it marriage? Is it nothing? Not in life, there is a lot in life but marriage is also a part in it, there are many big parts in it, because of the reason, I am telling you.  What are the reasons for not marrying? What are the reasons given that oh girls, these days the latest girls will file a case, all these girls are doing cases, please write whatever you are hearing in the comment section, friend, we are not going to file cases, you behave like this.  What are you going to do if your cases are false? Girls will do some things to make false cases, wo n't they? Your false cases and those false cases you think are false cases, they are told to the court, the case is truth, it is a lie.  This is the truth of life, which will seem bitter, listen carefully, you will get a little distracted right now, I am telling you first on the display, like it is told in a movie, so I have just told you a little bit, if you are not going to get married then you will also know about it.  There is pressure and if you have to do any reasoning then the best thing to say is that girls are bad because you are not able to find anyone good, no one is liking you. Many big genuine boys say, Sir, we are ready on the mare, but if we are not able to find any, their them also  I will address those who are sitting on the horse, those who don't get it, I will also address those who don't want to do it, talk to me for 15 minutes, the result is 100%, the consultant goes after getting married, he is mine, he is the one I make a living out of. It's okay, if you are not doing it then you can also take consultation from me, but it's too late, I am not giving it, so don't contact me after watching this video, after two-three months, if I  If I am doing it then I will tell you, so don't disturb me before the first of April. First April 23rd, whenever you meet any of your friends, he will say this, it's fun for you, I am trapped in a party today, go to the movie today, come on.  Now his way of saying no politely is that he basically does not identify with you among his wife and children, but if he needs you at work or with relatives or sometimes for some social reason, then bluntly and  He doesn't even want to have a relationship but he doesn't even want to come with you. Whatever be the stick with you people, for whatever reason, I want to tell you one thing, this is a matter of pain but I want to tell you, see 1% of some great life.  They have gone on the path and they cannot do justice to the marriage and it is in the Great Park, they are exceptions, they are not being talked about because people start saying like this in the comment section, Hey Bhagat Singh Rajguru and directly Hey You India.  be free Bhagat Singh is done, there is no need to become a Rajguru, anyone is writing anything to justify himself, just as a man does not wake up in the morning, neither does a man justify a lot, anyone can see whether it is okay not to do so, then we are confirmation BS and him.  Questions go after the thing, the simple thing is that you should audit yourself, is life zero, you should not marry, marriage weight is extremely important thing for you when you were married, your on  Parents marriage is true and a nice thing, if their marriage had broken, then there would have been a dear brother, where would father give money from, father and mother are no more, how will father do that to me, father will not get mother's love, we will not get a roof, we will not roam, we will not have fun, if we will not have fun then it will be big.  You felt that marriage was a good thing when your turn came, then somewhere in it there is a big fault of the old generation too which the new generation should not do because the quality of marriage of you people is actually very good.  The man is told to serve his father, do this, he sees his parents fighting, he does n't feel any incentive to get married, so he is a generation somewhere in the society, that's why I am not taking his moral responsibility but I am telling the generation.  Just because your parents' food was not that great and you did not taste it and that was the problem, Jan Min will do your workout like this, even today I am telling someone, a very sweet boy, a girl, a girl, finds a boy, to do that.  Ready to but what's wrong here A dialogue always hits Will you marry when you meet the right person Well what is the right person Baba in your thought process Nine You are a man and a woman You want to marry only when this is right  Person Come Okay Let's Say This Right Person Come Okay Actually And You Marry This Is What You Wanted When You Marry Now This Right Person After 3  Years change and your definition of right person. Change both can happen because life is very dynamic. You have your guarantee. How will you be after three years? How will you be after five years? How will you be after 7 years? Will your desires be fulfilled? Will you become gold? Which you want can be some things, not everything can be there, some things which you do not want in life, of course brother, if he is not a person who smokes a lot then he would have got established.  Yes children, there are chances of getting messed up but they are rare. There are not so many chances, so in some things you can do it, but this is not a fantasy definition, many boys and girls have done this and this.  D Right Girl When I meet D Right Girl he basically asks a question to make her forward that he doesn't have a brother because these days there is a lot of pressure on those who are not getting married because these days then they say ok so yes, are you?  These people also start asking because I have everything in the system, I don't ask first, it's so good, then you don't tell me, I'm not like that, I'm not like that, my orientation is not like that, he is a irritable pan. And society is a stage, you people are waiting that no one does this in the outside country, do it, don't do it, don't do it, but I am telling the boys that these girls are yours or they will file false cases.  will accuse  If you do this then living in culture is going on. There are more chances in living in. In marriage, you have got a strong hit of Fevicol. End grapherd and situation becomes very common in you regarding the matter of whether you have given commitment or not.  So his daughter also has a lot of security, censor security, there is nothing in living in, you can make someone live in her, she may be ready to live in, she may not be ready to get married and the logic is that the boy should not be living in at all.  If he needs someone, you don't have to go to the court, you have to give a divorce slip, some case will be filed, some will be filed, there is nothing like that, you picked up your suitcase and went away, if there is a breakup, then there can be a problem there too, so that too.  Everyone is doing less, so this is the approach of my father, my Hada, my father's young generation, it will not work because it is of one cup, it is society, it is community, whatever you do, they are running quietly as normal.  They are getting married normally, they are moving ahead, now in their life they will actually move ahead, your own relatives, your own pairs, and while they are moving ahead, they are not telling you that you are lagging behind.  That feeling will start coming to you at the age of 35, 36, 38. Tell me one thing, there is a 32 year old man, he has been married for 6-7 years, his elder child is 5 years old, his younger child is 3 years old, he does any kind of job.  Has a job of this level, earns money, is a person of this level, has social status and in that you are 35 years old, your status is here, don't marry yourself, Rakhi, tell me whoever has Rakhi in the society or who gets more respect in the society, seriousness.  Who gets it in kinship, in acquaintance, it gets you, you are taken very lightly, you will not find such great guys anywhere and you will keep throwing your cat everywhere, the girl is worthless, the boy is worthless, this world is worthless.  This is useless but it will be taken seriously. I am not sure there is any seriousness in giving a job because you have not been married for 38 years. You can leave your job at any time and run away anywhere. As for you, this one is very relayable. Its children. When you give a job to a lower class or give something, you ask whether you should get married, whether children should eat, police verification, he is alone, he will run away in a minute, if anything happens anywhere. it  Aspects are also very big things in life, now I belong to the middle class and as a rule, I don't know them, I ca n't blame them directly and this thing will look bad but I am telling you in general that a lot of studies have to be done. Whatever crime is happening in the world, there is a research behind it that there were no marriages, there was no family, this is also a reason for that, those who are married, have children, are not criminals or do not do less wrong or are good, I am talking about that.  No  I am not questioning that if 100 criminals are caught, then if we do research on them, then the people who are going to get married will have incentives to stop them from committing crimes because when they do so, something will happen. He has a family, wife, children and name, this is also a fact and the marriage that he did not do, he is a miss cast in the society at the witness level, this is the kind of thing I am telling to my audience.  Let's talk about application in class brother, right now the party is going on till 95, 55 year old children will also have two-four friends, let's talk about what will happen at 45, what will happen at 50, then we will see, then we will do it brother, then you will be a third.  Will marry with diversity. Apply for both boys and girls. I am telling you as an example that you should look at the heroines of the Hindi film industry, because tell me you are from India only, not from outside India. I want to tell you about the heroines in the silver industry in India.  Look, there are three-four-five people who have married directly for the first time, Aishwarya Rai ji, Madhuri ji and any other heroine, catch the name of the second, third wife, second wife, third wife. Now the heroine is successful, she has her own career, money is also less, she is beautiful.  There are also all of them, so you will get all of them, otherwise man, you will get like this, many heroines have third wife, if there is a third one, then maybe the marriage will go well in the third one, off course, if you are someone's third or fourth wife.  If you become someone's second, third or fourth wife, then you don't have a choice, if you are becoming someone's second, third, fourth wife, then there are chances, but then there is no tantrum, you understand what I am saying, then if they are rejecting you, then tell me.  Ki yaar si will want you to marry me in strength with diversity because of maturity, will give very very clear na de wire, that is your lost decade, which is not in 20s and 30s.  Days because you know now, should we have children in marriage or not, I will make a separate topic on that, it will be a topic of discussion on double income, no day's day, I have a separate story and story on that too, I will tell things, ok and samjhaunga I  I just want to tell you that people who are in a healthy relationship are like a very good relationship, the one who gets divorced and the one who has false cases, those things will be more exposed to you because it cannot be hidden like a good relationship.  It can be hidden because in India this concept that a man is a bachelor, a girl is a sprinter, someone is a spinner and speaking in his mouth is said to be a lot of hard work, nowadays anyone can be anything like I am, now I am making this video, this batman is like a bed.  Manri's brother is picking you up and taking something away, isn't he marrying, is not keeping his money low, is he asking for something from you, but this is a ramification on suicide because as I had started in the beginning of the video, will there be You are married because this is ultimately a big negative in the age of 50 years, 60 years, 70 years but in the next 5-10-15 years it is a very great positive. Double house, double house people, TV too, two people, vehicles too, the whole setup will have to be bought separately.  Will also be different, it is very good for the economy, you understand brother, those who do good job and earn good money should not marry, it is very good for the economy because they do not combine anywhere.  What is happening is that a separate utensil washer will come to your house. There is a separate utensil washer in his house. He is not married. He is paying his rent. If he is paying rent to someone, then like us, he is very happy in real estate.  The more units there are, the more units there will be. Okay, so that means people are happy with the fact that more divorces happen or people don't get married, the more different units will be created because if there is a marriage, there will be one unit and then he will become an investor, right.  Then this is for you guys  Will provide rental, now you will not buy a house because you will live on rent, you are not married because today you are here in Delhi, tomorrow you want to go to Mumbai, the day after tomorrow you want to go to Pune, sometimes you want to go to Switzerland, then if you don't feel like getting married, then  If you do not want to buy your TV, fridge or want to give it fully furnished, then you want to pay extra for its rent, then it is very good for economics. The maid who comes has to make two rotis and do four utensils.  Even for that, the dry rate is not less than one level. If you make 4 utensils or 40, then the rate is ₹ 2000. If the rate is for the utensils, then the rate is there. If you do more utensils, then you will take more. But if it is less, the rate will not be less, then the cost will be Rs.  The cost of living per person is minimum, so if one person works out on the cost of living, then when two people live together, it becomes 70 only, this is a big fact, I am telling you. That's your saving of Rs 15-16000, but man, this is a big thing, which is close, you are giving 35-40% less and you can put it, you are giving 60% extra, okay, if you calculate the math here, then this is the benefit.  We got together but then I will do that and then I will do that and then I will do that and then I will do that and then I will do that and then I will do that in the children's video. Right now I am trying to stop myself from getting married.  There are many benefits in doing this, kinship increases, circle increases, chances increase, networking increases, mother-in-law and father-in-law can also help, it is fine if you work on yourself, mine is increased, someone else's is, I am just getting bold.  Yes, hey, you are being bold, who will marry me, you marry the one with pimples and I can do it, you also have no hair, okay, there is one person with disability, he marries the one with disability, hey, all couples are formed.  brother now you  You will say that I am here and the second thing is that of late you are not that sexy, even if you are a girl, okay then work on your respect attributes, make yourself disabled, be happy, according to me, presence should be happy, attractive and the most attractive presence, genuinely happy. Okay and this is less of course people because I find a lot of people in date narcissistic thing like I'm beautiful I'm looking I  In my opinion, I can't stay with her for 2 months. If she only has to eat food for 15 minutes and not take photos or take selfies, then that nice guy ca n't talk to her by doing like this. There are factors and this food and drink and this water is pure air.  All of them will become bold like this and this is happening with ladies also. Ladies, they are women, the more late you get married, the more issues are coming in future. There are issues in pregnancy. Complications are coming, then that different argument is that children are not growing, you will get married late, that child himself says, today I am the child of old age, meaning you are having a child at the age of 42, that child is you, you are 60, till now that voting is going on.  He may have not gone to college in 12th, so what is the benefit to him? The sooner you do all this, the cheaper you will get off because the more you delay, everything is becoming more expensive. Getting Expenses Do it better because what is the reason people say no when I get settled nor will I get settled and get married. A settled person never happens. Remember you are full, you have reached the state, you are the same, you have not reached the state ever and never. Get married, it's a good thing that ur coming to this stage and marrying, brother, now you have less money, so alto, settle it slowly, no, you do it, no, I have to move ahead in life, XUV  If you want to buy 500 Fortuner, if you want to buy BMW, it will take time, what is there with time, but then if your biological level gets below then you can do such packets with it, no, she also has luck, no, the girl who supported you when you were great.  If not a man, then he too, then when you grow, his sense of achievement will be very high, you have reached here and you are doing it with the girl here, for him, it is equal to him, no one else in this journey.  There is no relation and it is a mistake that you are here and came here from here, she will leave because she has seen you here, now you have married the one from here, you are progressing in life like this, here she came to you.  So at any time, if you are here, you are here, you are here, then for him it is a matter of joining, right, you reached here by mistake and after reaching here, fell here, man does not come here from here, it is not normal.  If you have a restored rear case then you arrived here and for some reason  Have you stayed here or have you become stagnant or a little further down from here and time has come, I am very happy, it started from here, so it can be seen in this way also, do you have, you are so greedy, not me, I have some life.  I will become further, I will do, then I will get good, there are many girls, they are made on the group, they are made on the group, they are made on the group, 29 30 32 years have passed in becoming on the group, then they have become money, now you  Group A is needed only because you are group A because you are not ready to marry group B. Group is also a boy, very nice and handsome. Group B is 27 years old and 26 is ready to marry a 30 year old woman who is group.  But the lady in the group says, I will do it from the group, so you are already booked, then you are not getting it in your department, earlier you also wanted the cast, the demand program will be on the group, earlier you were getting it in 27-28.  ok rupees  But you did not do it because it did not belong to your caste. Papa agreed and did it. By 30-31 the tantrums subsided a bit and then you said cast color job should be my group, I am an officer on the group, I am of this level, no matter who it is now.  She is not getting it, now the group is also getting it, the cast is also getting it, it is okay but she is B and the girls say that we want equality, so when the girls say equality, it means that if it is a group then they should be included in the group.  But if that group is right then then we will not marry them to Group C. We still want them in Group C. It is okay but if we get that, then that is my head, my pat is also my Hada, my father's approach is also such, whose approach is like this.  This is how I am roaming around, brother, you marry B and B will also happen someday, okay no, I will feel ashamed of doing this, I am the only one, I am like this right now, oh she is ready brother boy, you also get ready with me only.  I am telling by example  This is not a real example, come to me, marriage is a very important thing for 199% of the people, it is you, you are the only thing, today's generation says that what has uprooted them, it is okay that we give birth to children, get married, what?  Is un great yes there is nothing great in it there is nothing great in it yes but without marrying is also not great who said brother marrying this  You are not a great man, you should not marry, since when did it become great? This is also not great, this is also not great, but you do not get anything in the society, you are a non-serious, non-committal person, this is it, you are in your relationship.  You have to do this society, don't do cooking and washing and drying of clothes, you are not ashamed, okay, do something different and by the way, you are also going around the path, are you also attempting that question paper, that paper syllabus.  Have you taken the name of a big man, you will not let me escape, I am like me, I will fan him in every way like this, what about me, I made this video today, it is a little long, tomorrow when the reaction will come, people will ask more questions and make counter arguments. Then they will make another one for me, some Amitabh Bachchan ji has to do diamonds, Shahid Kapoor ji has to do it, Shahrukh ji has to do it, if he wants to give money, then make my contacts, then I will make it, then I will make it for petrol, then I will make it, then you will not be able to run away and  what in my video My audience does n't give a [ __ ] about me, I know it's okay, they have seen all my content, they do n't like some, they don't even agree with me, so what they don't know is that he also makes this.  He talks about everything, we don't understand it, we do n't like it, it doesn't matter, but it is here, but those who forward these videos to them, their very existence gets shaken, isn't it, the life they are living is useless. living and i  I am saying that now I am ending all those who have not married and they are not even one percent or one percent, actually if you look at them, they are not even one percent, maybe 0.1%, they are walking on that path.  These are the big names you use. The points are less than a van. If you are not following the path then you are a loser. You got the form of a human being. You are a big loser and no one is going to tell you this word.  Because if your friends tell you, friendship will break. If your relatives tell you, your relationship will break. Parents can call their children losers because they themselves will be declared losers. Brother, if parents tell their children, they are loose because they too are losers.  Is it true that we parents can cry that do it son, do it son do it do it daughter do it do it daughter do it do it daughter do it do it son do it like this it is okay and I will do it orange with one thing. Those who have seen till here are many parents, at the age of 25 or 24, a girl likes a boy or a boy likes a girl and is throwing tantrums. It is not of our cast, it is not of credit, it is not like that, it is not like that.  Actually, I don't make videos that it should be done in Han cast, it is made by me, it is fine, but brother, if your child is not, I am telling the parents, has he liked someone somewhere, fold his hands and say, son, please son, please do it because  then that again  He will not do it, you feel that today he gave a retirement party and his retirement will last, you broke his heart today, yesterday you could not bring or collect his equivalent or he did not want to do it then you will keep crying friend.  What happened and these people come from very conventional homes where they do not have this realization from within that they can have a child, not get married, how can this happen in our family, everyone has done it to control us.  The ground is coming out from under them because of me, I love them so much, these people also come to break hearts and these people also come just for consultation, they are not letting me do it, I love you, I love someone, love someone.  Today, a boy is marrying a girl, a girl is marrying a boy and wants to marry both of them, brother, do it friend, nothing better than this is going to happen because English Leslie has to travel to different places, join, you can't. Enjoy 36 Euros Not Married I Dajunt Have A Partnership Not Enjoyed And Then Enjoying OK After 42 You Not Enjoyed 42 Then Next Write If Someone Is Above 42 Years And Is Enjoying His Life Very Greatly And If He Is Not Married Then Write Then find someone in the entire comment section and I agree that you will meet me till 38 39 40. Write this.  Well, we did not do it sir, we are enjoying a lot, we will meet after 42, it is known that father and mother also go after drinking Amrit, so no one came, it is okay, then even the relatives do not stay close because the relatives.  You do n't even associate because there is nothing, neither is your happy anniversary with you, nor is your child going to have a happy birthday, nor is anyone ahead of you, what happens to you tomorrow, and even the property is not your share, parents say.  The other brother and the sister marry one and marry him, then he will feel that he has cheated on me, what happened to the cheating, you are not needed, neither are you enjoying nor is that poor brother beating me, he is eating, if you get married then children will do everything in it.  Did you do something or is that scary, whatever system you change, sister, brother, sister, whatever, the parents give them more that the friend needs it more, he is struggling, then you will think, oh what happened then there.  too stupid bites  Then after that they gave it to you, after that you get married, your parents will give you property, now you are getting married at 46-47, you also see that you get it, then you have a close marriage, you have wedding laddu, even eating it hurts. Some people do not get it, some people also advise that it is okay not to eat it and it will seem that if you feel bad after eating it, then that could be the scenario of getting diverted.