That hello friends, this is the topic of divorce in marital life, head related divorce is going to happen, the process has started because it has increased a lot, you have to be a responsible citizen, wait for it a little, now it can happen in school with someone close to you and  To subscribe to this, subscribe, somehow she does a fake job. They think that we have used her for 2-3 years, I will meet you, I will do everything, I will not do it, the first thing is  Now like this, there was so much time that there was a lot of murder. Well, it was a big time. Launches were made in these courts and they were made right. ATM 2022 is going on, so in that, I tell people that all the girls should get jobs or else I you.  People should marry a girl with a job in this village, even if there is no guarantee of Rs. 10,000 from the job, you will know that this does not work by thinking that an accident may happen but take this mantra, it is not time, it is a precaution.  Because a girl who does not earn money becomes a psychological burden for her parents. If the girl comes home, you will not leave her. While making these videos, I too feel a little nervous about how the audience will take it, but am I anti-women?  Am I an anti man, you have to write in the comments, this is a party, I am showing the mirror of what is happening in the society, very few videos are made from the pilot, it takes a lot of courage to do all this, only you have so much thick skin because you are relatives.  Friends also see, acquaintances also see, I should drink personal opinion, let's make something or subscribe to Tirath that these are lawyers, then I will say something, then there is some lawyer too, but brother, it is in someone's interest, this is how it goes in the house.  You will keep getting money for a long time and you give this funny idea that by doing this to him, it means that the court's judgment has come on this that friend, you have made this divorce case such a thick file. No section has been left out, meaning whatever section of the family court you have to deal with, somehow deal with the boys, there is no job fight these days, there should be someone who can remove celebrity Johnny Depp and this number, there is such a feeling that I don't know how many. Ali money will be found in pieces like this and you buy all the minutes and will not leave his house only. Sara is away, father and medium retire, he is alone, you alone do end cuts and come to late thirties, both of them are twisted.  Out Till the time youth goes away and you will chase each other, one you mean right, parts are pending karma, I know that each other is born for daily life, public and its fractional has a limit, why fees.  You are creating, it's okay, the man gave pain, the woman cheated, it was cheap, it was useless, let me tell you this, if you are going in this car in life and the tire of the car got punctured, the engine of the car got damaged due to the second album.  It's done, will you sit there till she gets better and gets better or will you go ahead on foot, auto rickshaw people, show the hit movie Tiger movie, you don't get those people at home, will you do something somewhere, will you move ahead, no brother, I will go at this time.  Or if I go to Shani, I will look after him. Now the Prince has accidents and many things happen, but you also have a journey in life, you have to go, till now you have been sitting at one place, so this saliva is a message for the society. Please move on Independence to mediate. Porsche can dishonor both the children or keep chasing one or the other, saying, ' Hmm, we will get the maximum out of this.' These children do not appear to have the maturity of a prince, so come on, they have not seen life in Twenty-20. Hogi Matlab A Om Ne Bigg Boss Situation What is the role of parents? Parents are doing this to each other. There was so much revenge to be taken and there was so much feeling of revenge that marriage took place.  Before we did not know each other, it was seen that we have to see you always. At the time of marriage, how is the father looking? How is the mother looking? The boy's daughter is the judge. Crores of people say that you are the judge. Brother, here is the place where you have to be seen the most. No one sees there, in order to buy an affordable housing, by spying the whole place, people will not get it, they will not get it, they should correct who is who, if something goes wrong, then explain it to your daughter, explain it to your son, it is the opposite of that, what is wrong, wrong, wrong? I saw this in fact  In their moral policing, what are people doing if their daughter is becoming a driver or their son is becoming a driver, that too is a party, they are taking the help of their relatives, acquaintances, friend circle and position to destroy the party.  Instead of taking Ahmed to ensure that Raita is somehow eradicated, he is taking Mithun to strengthen him, he brings some of his own free knowledge, he brings some of his money, he takes it at many places and asks for money, I have seen that he leaves the boy's job. You will give him money, it is better for you to leave your job and there is some saying in Haryana that appointments should be made soon in your house, meaning bills related to own house should be closed, rights in the house should be updated, rights in the house are back here, the extended runway which is below your house. Rates will be burnt, yet no water can be dropped by those who die, they want to destroy themselves and but both the parties, how many brothers, if we surrender, we will see, they will destroy us, I am very  It's a pain, it's a lot of pain, it's a pain in the society, in order to maintain marriages, parents need maturity, it's very testing times, jobs are unstable due to which relationships are on the table, these children are not being exposed to good things, not everyone has their own.  If you want more than time and luck then it is good, you always get more than time and luck, it is ok but you have to work hard to get it, in this too it is made with hard work and more hard work gives you time.  You can get things done even before, but you have to work hard. If you are into anything then hold a button line that my skin is working that you will be relatively safe but it is like you wearing a seat belt. You will not have a car accident by wearing a seat belt. If there is a chance of survival then in this sentence working leader will not have a driver and with nonworking something like this is necessary but 350 seat belt is there, that is what I want to tell the society to you people.  If you understand then please share me with a commission, like it, I am seeing growth for the videos and in small, from family to family, through thousands and thousands of professional subscriptions, I am seeing a complete, subscribe that Reddy has a lot of pen in this. In a more beautiful case, only the parents will admit that they did not do it after thinking carefully or the interviewer did it when there was trouble. When the situation spreads and all is lost, then there is no help in that.  If you do then it is the fault of the people who are too intelligent and please give them a pinch and a thank you.