Hello friends, Commercial Property Lesson 4 Part 3 has been made. If you have not seen it then go see it. This is the second last one of my series. The last one is BP Commercial vs Residential. There are still some points left which were not covered in the first three. I will cover them in this or in that part, I used to give calculations for free and give tests. Please check his health and you will understand later. In this we will cover whether Bhangiya is given to him to drink.  The commercial is sold and the second commercial is tea-coffee this cream and the third commercial is why it keeps getting stuck and in that I will tell you that one more product was missed by them, I will also cover that product in the commercial, so already in the provincial it spreads that someone  Whenever a new commercial comes, there is a lot of advice on YouTube and also in the market, everyone says, take the grant school grant from, if you take the next one, then there is a big judgment giving more advance and you feel.  It is said that the higher one will do well, this is the biggest because they put a very high price on that thing. As an example, a commercial was launched in Delhi about Amla a year ago. Everyone knows which one it is. It costs 1 lakh 35 thousand.  On Bhupesh, the square feet rate of the ground floor shop in which the year is 40 minutes and that too is a super area, in that you have just hinted at the sugarcane and the challenges have just stopped sowing for the investor, so the story is narrated by Grant from  Any Khairampur and other things are not good because of the above but all the things in this world are good with the reader. In this Upanishad, any thing is good, whatever thing is bought is fine, any thing which is bought and sold is always at the rate.  According to this, when we buy stock also, it is not that it is a very good company, so if you buy it on other lines then it is wise, it is not like that, this is the dam, so this is the ground floor that you have to see. to me  Two-three days ago I came to know that the shop of Grants and Affordable Housing is for sale. At the rate of Rs 70 lakh or Rs 24 thousand per square foot, he is selling his flat at the rear and at the shop in the front there are good properties.  Hey brother, its maximum should be three, take one and keep buying the block and to buy more people, I just asked one question from Amazon, when brother, tell me one thing, how many shops are there, then it told that  They have two children and have been asked to give their feedback. If you do n't know how much is the total shop, then fold this with the free calculation lesson of those shops and see that in 70 lakhs, you will get three affordable housing units which you will get today.  Will this shop be priced at Rs.45000 fully furnished after three to four years? Will this shop cost Rs. 50,000 in parade? This photo is in Balram Singh only. You have to understand one more thing, all of you.  Understand that the shops of the society will be shopped by the society members only. No one from outside will come to the society. There is no anger in the society. If I see everything, keep my mind calm. If I have to take out the car and go to India for shopping, what will be my mood? What will be the voting matters?  But if I have to go, will I go to some affordable housing shop to vote or do some shopping or will I go to my own society, then I will go to some other good one, that is, this one and the expensive one, standalone commercial. Now I have permission to go, why would I want to go to a society shop, this is a big festival, it is being sold by telling stories, updates are being sold as much as affordable housing society, fennel is the biggest scam, free news society, we have already seen the difference between the gap and the commercial. So now you people will say to me that this is Sara in which I am telling the story of Twenty One, this is my story to you then 2002 2007 happened like this, will it always be in 11? Many people in the question, commercial 267 gives 6 7 gives, hey, talk about today, who took it today, what does he give, how much is required and how much is the reverse, they also gave that many returns, some of them had that many shops as per the requirement and  It was tasty. Seeing Meena crossing the train also has to be seen moving. When you have to make a letter call, the train is fine but look further, the train can. Okay, so this point was second till the point that one can wander due to this very reason.  In the beginning, you used to send sorry gold saying that the background people are Rahul, these people say that the graph is very expensive, then you said that the upper one is useless and the lower one is worth selling, now when you want the upper one for yourself, then people say that  Brother, now why do we invest in the servants market, he saves the information, he comes to know that the grounds are good but due to the conflict in the graph of skin, reduce their rates, then tell this story Kunti story to them, whether it is this or not, but that is the story.  Can't even narrate because a little bit of face is also needed, till now I was telling the story, then how is he falling asleep so early and then the commercial gets launched by then and by that time many customers have already caught hold of the story so that I can read further.  After getting hold of the shop, I will send this and then there is a next product from this, it comes that Sir, if it is not in the middle of the above, then an inorganic new product has been launched, this is a commercial product at a commercial rate for serviced apartments, that will make one room and  We will make it a hotel type suite and will dispose of it separately. Do you think that there is 35000 ₹40 fare in it? Look at the fare for the party which will be staying from 1st January to 31st December. You will not collide because the tablet will remain a pair, not money. Which of our apps is there which will give pizza bread?  Is ready to buy a single room, even if he is against it, for Rs 35 lakh and against the best player, keep his family with him, he will go to his premium society, Proper 4551 Proper, he will go to a service apartment.  If I stay away then I will be alone. Yes brother, who is your first time Vaishnav, so much money, after that they say tell us about this theft, turn on the free mode, they will not stay, they will not return, they will come from Bengaluru, you will come from Mumbai, if the sniper comes, they will stay more.  It will be active for 5 days or 10 days, even there the rent will be of Rs 35 thousand, so you people are reminding me of the message that the rate will be Rs 3590, then it was Rs 789, on that you will be charged.  If the maintenance is fine, then a room of ₹ 4000 has become a day old child, any property for a thousand rupees is amazing, I have to do this work, I take it on rent and I arrange and earn profit, then after taking decisions in the hotel in Bhim and Glass, so many  The service of Baig Portal, which is the service of a proper hotel, will be better than 3. Plus, he is a builder, he makes Ghum an egg. The story of 24 months. When his goods are sold, then who will paint them? Now people will start opening the jam in this, see one of the lemon tree, the lemon tree has taken it like this, it will take this Sun, Surya will also have questions, but it tells you that there is a limit in every place, only one long period of Navami activity.  That wish will be fulfilled, then the result of my absolutely high stomach Kirsten comes out that how many rooms are needed in a city, as I had calculated the shop, then in Mota Mota, after taking out the other one, this product is also nonsense, this one.  If you do not buy any service in the matter of apartment then like also want you should not point then let's move ahead that what is the other reason for closure in the project that when new duddy pushkar feeder falls in love then okay when new stupid people stop meeting  They are in the market and are being sold near the old Buddhas, then the project gets stuck that what is there in the project, those who sell it initially are very good and urgent people, if it was a compound then it would have been a lot of lions and they would have got it a mixer. And in the same, I would like to tell you that since the last one week, since I started the series these three apartments, many people have written to me, read too much or play, Vinesh has written this to his son on Twitter, someone like you is behind me and has asked me. I would have told me who has been arrested the most, okay today I have been arrested the most, the people who have bought it, it was the intelligent man who bought it first, those who do it are fools, aren't they, they address everything, I am the first one to investigate. Ours is worth 15 cents and in four months, by the time he comes, I will tell him about my final. He impresses by making jam, then add the rest, all those who sell are friends, brother, all the builders are friends, we are jokers.  Giving pure consultancy to everyone, some of them have enemies, I also tell them with love that it is a good thing, brother, do it like this, you tell people, see everything, take action only from those who understand, there is little more than telling.  at least understand  If you do n't want a thing then the biggest pain was felt by those people who have bought things and then their belief system of justification gets broken that you told them the goods and I told them that you sell them and show them your goods.  Send it at twenty-five percent less, do n't tell me to sell, look, only then you will know if you want to buy. Buy a share. When you send the deposit, if there is no change in it, then you change the price of the share and you get it. 5  Best Best Five Best offer must be coming which you people have done trading, then if you reduce your amount by ₹ 1000 then that thing gets erased. Those who want to buy something special, then that person can try, how much is it sold, then you can buy yours once.  Try it and you will get to know yourself, I am going to tell you about the second thing in this, then people will say that whatever product they should buy, there are many products in the market and many will keep coming, only then those who are going to sell it, the makers do not have any tension. this one then this one  Malpura got picked up, after that there is a problem of abortion that if it is left with commercial then what to do, you think that all these brokerage houses, its share is fine which has different names, it is called Zerota, it is direct and in this, it is market opposite.  Don't let people buy, sell, sell, make calls, put options, do all the work, trading will go on, we have given them the platform, so whatever we say, send it.  Let's send two things. You have to use this product or whatever and there are many people who take them for this thing, so I thought about some property and I will read it, this is a very risky space, when in this  Party and music account, I couldn't have known you, there was a party going on in the neighborhood, it was going on since 8th, you didn't go, it was 10:00, you felt like going, I was also an Android, I was having a lot of fun, it felt like a bomb would explode.  maybe you 10:30 is five and that party closes at 10:45 is fine and sometimes there are many such parties where there is no entry fee and it is fine to go, so you come as soon as 8:00, 10:30 would have been 34 but 8:00 I left by 10:00, you left at 10:30, till 10:45 police product music was stopped, then such events can also happen, so I am this  Basically what I want to do is to show in the report in the commercial that an average retail investor voters do not have full information, there is no product for that, there are many people Jind Jhajjar Bahadurgarh with luck which is tiles, there are such people who have got some money or some  Previous Now they don't have to live here, they would have thought that the story of the commercial is now the one who is from Gurgaon, I rarely see the Kwid commercial from Gurgaon. Commercial expenses are less in the market of Gurgaon. Many people from Faridabad and others also asked me questions on this. Well, tell me, it is bad to buy milk from the village. I told you to clear the cash of Faridabad or use your brain. No, it is okay, use your brain.  That if it is not good here then it will be good there because how good it will be and entry is done in different ways, disposable income is less, time is also less and there is a lot more scope for supply and new Things are going on inside Gurgaon, I had told the calculations on Shiv Plot, okay then many people have asked me about these 113 and 114 people, there are many questions on 113 and 114 also. I said brother, ICC has been put in consideration.  No one has yet calculated that one kilometer of concrete is fine with some frills inside, there will be a lot of conferences and all that with auditoriums too.  And apart from that, the message is also coming from office piece, there is another sector, the name of that chapter is 11570, 11570 is also a big factor in itself, it is institutional, it is till now, plant even a single tree, one building has given votes, the project has not come.  Some launches are new, that in itself is a huge supply, so you have a horizon of 10 to 15 years and it is more than Rs 10 to 15 crores, both the things are the best.  If I am telling you 15, then I am telling you the answer. I use Relax in the sky. Otherwise, I am telling you that 10 to 15 is crore and 10 to 15 is getting old then yes senses 113 fourth and 115 you can  Have a look ok. On the side, I would like to notice one thing for my subscribers that I have given joining option, for that my members will be gold and diamond.  ₹ 15 is next9, you will get to see videos in the 15th one, keep more mentions separately, I will review and there will be different videos, there will be top twenty one areas of India, in that I will teach you all such teachers, very buy central models and these things on my tablets.  I will also give and data and those with diamond will get the additional benefit of joining from this point, this is the one that is in the fold that is formed without stopping in my life, members only.  You will get to participate inside it in Bigg Boss. I expressed that if you add too many then take care off from Nobody's Stories. Okay, so I have started low so two of you can join me. Now I am in this.  I am just telling you this, there will be much more in it, so you can use the join button, do anything, thank you.