Hello friends, today I have brought the first video of my marital series. Before this, I had done a simple money minded series in which I had done 10 videos. A reminder set about money. In this one I will discuss about marriage and married life, so my first  This is a video, this is its topic, that yogis will delete the archival, we will discuss on this, some of the constipation and advantages, I will tell a particular thing in the following month, I will tell this topic first in the syllabus.  I will turn it off and I will discuss on behalf of the girl and the girl's family. If you have a daughter then you must see if she is of the same age or if she is a small child then you must see and those of the boy also have to see many more people, their lipstick is Ramesh, it is in this.  We will come, first I will tell you 3 results that why the merit is happening during the course of migration in this amazing that I get this crispy period that this girl is not getting married, that one I  I delete, if you are presenting such a situation, then in my track record, about hundred plus girls who were not even delaying the result, then the group de Maithili support fell into the canal at about eight percent and I would like to tell you this and from 10  At 15 cents, there are people who are not made for marriage, so now I will discuss only the normal base rate which is applicable for everyone, so what are the three results which girls get married.  The first reason for this is the merit rider of the parents that if the girl has seen her mother mostly complaining and dissatisfied, has also seen her crying and especially this  I have seen it being said that my wishes could not be fulfilled, I could have done a job, I had to do it, son, you do a job, for this you are made to make statements like this, when a girl gets a job, then her infection keeps coming.  No, he has seen his mother always being Naxalite dependent on his father and whatever bond they both had which did not come to fruition, he has only seen him tweeting on the fact that Madad's pension depends on his father's network, so the only thing is keeping them there. National Independent is not very keen on trying to get together to Vanish Reliance, this is one reason for putting him in the bond of marriage, the second reason is NDLS Farmayish, this program is all end in Farmayish.  The program about girls and boys, here I may seem a little short, may seem a little bitter, what is seen is what happens, this much has been done in the research, you people are so associated, please like this thing and you are watching the channel for the first time.  So subscribe, there is a small thing on the display that if I have a daughter, then also I am calling from the other side and am not in your team but I will tell you this thing, this is girl specific, girl and girl specific, boy specific, so ji ko one.  I want to sing that whether you are the one serving tea, whether she is fair or black, she is the one who will hug my wife, then the demand for boys is less. An unemployed man with the number of 1.5 lakh, 1 lakh, 2 lakh is ready to marry this girl.  But it should be liked a little, so this is the first time for the boys, that is why there was trouble in their life, that is why the boys who get employed and are tired of working, consider their family very important to them. What do their fans care about this?  When will the marriage happen, what will happen to that girl's book? Anand's stress based book is one's own problem, that's how I discuss now, when will the girl come for Rs 3000, neither was Patti, nor will we marry, she needs a new one, so now the boys are also in the market.  There are not enough of them, so now what do the girls have to do? 22434 thinks that if I get Raw here, then I will get this one, so I increase my measures here, if this one of mine goes, then I will get this guy.  Many girls think like this and the girl's people also think, 'Which is very okay, is there anything wrong till now? If all these men want good in life, then what is the problem in this? Let me tell you, it takes so much time to come from here to here.' Time is specific, I should tell my teacher family that this time is yours, how smooth is the cut off of this necklace, could not be pilot time, when you are doing this and you are 28 years old, then you  Status, I have reached here, but now they say that it is a beauty question, it makes a difference that NDA talks a little, I report that the feminists will then beat them completely, this is it, I am ready to eat pakodas, it is ok to be judged a lot.  I am ready but the society has to discuss these things, I am saying this, everyone like my point, attach it, I am saying that they should discuss these things in their group, whatever these things are with the family group.  He is telling nonsense, he is doing right, he is doing very good and will keep that subject alive, India needs to know and discussing and I have seen this in my life, the element of happiness is going away from the families, the opposition is always here to eat programs.  I have a kid, the boy should be handsome, he should be employed, his family should be good, he should be virtuous, even if he seems to be calling all of them here, how much, how much, how much will he do, the list is as long as it is, the list will have to be reduced, that is why there is not such a big list of marriages. And in this it becomes 1 lakh, I have seen a lot that we had reset the boy of this level two years ago, now who will marry this person is also a big problem, I have also made a modern matchmaking video for all of them that  I will share the link of how a marriage should be conducted in this video and I will also put it in the ad screen. I will delete that video in between that you must watch. That video of mine had become quite popular. It has not been many days since I posted it, but those videos which  Haven't you seen this video? After watching this video, during this time, you must watch it. It's the best time. I definitely told you how to get married. Skin Kundli Matching in the match. I told you that I came in the Kundli Matching Model in the match. You can watch that video.  If you will definitely look at my advice, then these are the two reasons. The third is less. Sometimes the girls themselves talk like this. If you discuss the death with the girls' mother, then there are a lot of people. Will I be a machine for producing children or so?  she speaks  Girls, we, their mothers, their parents, we have to tell one thing to the society, to all the girls who think like this that girls are machines for producing children and we all are machines and you have to be very happy girls that God has  This nature has blessed you with the opinion that you yourself have come to her. You are the songs sex. What do you say? If you are a machine for producing children, then man will remain only as an ATM machine. Man man is not considered worthy of anything. Chilli has given birth to her men, they are not here.  It was said that they have been denied the idea of ​​ATM machine. You are a machine for producing children and you can also become an ATM machine and from value to machine, title meets production factory. We are telling our people to produce 10 children by opening one. 12 This is a huge attention for those who have to do it. It sounds a bit strange but it is a fact that only girls will give birth to children. If girls can't do it then you don't need to feel bad about it. This is the biggest worry in the society.  It is said that there is all this disease related to acid in girls, having utensils, demining of cooking, all the abuses in the name of vehicles, all the abuses in the name of reproductive organ, unfortunately, those things which we have, test the girls a lot that girls are also our daughters.  Our months are mothers, they are also born in the society, so they are familiar with them from inside. I want to tell all the girls and daughters about their duty, all the ladies and all the mothers of girls.  That these things associated with ladies should not be considered slow, a lot of moods are shown in it, I did not let you cook, the movie Loot came on Facebook, you made your daughter a pilot, you never let expensive prescriptions go to the feature, even after going to my kitchen, you become a pilot.  Can it be clearly written in which book that both cannot be useful, that I am saying do not let the girls come down, girls are coming down in the society, this was the one who was running the world, everyone at home was whipping these boys.  move up so that society  If we can live better, then these three basic researches have given a thought to the girls that we should not get married and within this, they say a small thing that what do we say about our life, have you ever been in school?  If you did not like on time, you did not like it in your post-graduation, then you will live in future also, you will be praised more. If you do not enjoy it to the extent of 2524, then in the future too, you should write to him and if you want to test it, then no.  People have taken 6 lakh rupees to live their life for 6 months. To increase 1 lakh rupees, try the month and protest, you will realize the emptiness and the first schedule is not meaningful. Don't cut it with friends. This goes on for a few minutes, then the mind wanders and then have fun, after that there is emptiness in life. Now I will tell you ₹ 10, what are its benefits for getting married on time. I will tell you from the top of these girls, boys also have it in it. ok on this  I have seen the influx of boys, are they unemployed too, are their parents ready to get married, are any girls ready to get married, you have not been able to do it, you are doing it to do faces, what is the problem with me, this is the 15 problem here.  98% are of girls only. Okay, so what is the first benefit of money after knowing that girls have the quality of biological clock, then banks and girls are told that they will spend spoonfuls of money to give birth to children.  But spiritual is not only better option is of rock girl, she has stuck, so she can marry as much as you at 24, 25, she can have two kids on time, at 35, you guys have to see all of her as much as in a grant.  Girls have lived this life, boys have delayed their marriage, is there any benefit to them in delaying it, it means that you are not fit for this kind of work, right, these days, like the old heroine, send Sota that I got married, my career is over like this.  So  The society is so silent that there is talk of 2021. Okay, so in this you have to see what time the clock will arrive tomorrow. In marriage, there can be two children but there is a problem in having one. The sooner the child goes to his parents.  Can also help you, he too has not become old, you people will say, are these just children, this is some kind of life together, so he comes into this, otherwise, then what do you do, here below, you have been created only for operation and procreation marriage.  Of  If it is possible in a legal entity, then there is a demand below, so let us maintain this program Parameshthi that we will become this, we will become that, I want to become an IAS, many girls have IAS so that they can marry IAS, I say that if you are a normal  After marrying and studying from the lower one, Royce, I am telling you that IS is closed and why IS, why can't it be that girls are IS and boys are group, it can be like this, is the service in this group lower or is it small?  If you do business then it means to say that girls and boys are equal, although it is the society where girls and boys are equal, here I can also be equal, here you want a boy from you, this is another thing for you society to think about, this is the thing when a girl gets married in 2324 years. Na see there are side effects in life Anger item attack Notions is exempted So it has come As if it falls like this in the graph It courts and then starts falling In 2829 years Na now you will not find handsome boys Man  We will meet because you will marry two-three years ago, you will crush someone, so you have to decide whether you will meet or not. Okay, and one thing I will tell you is that the boy is in a very good job and is good looking.  Like a good family, Naji, as soon as he is in real estate, the specific corner product is considered to be the best, it is visible in the park, it is also visible that Walnut is the best, this plot is bought first, okay, so you are relieved. Check it out when I have the budget  So now what is the problem, these boys have already taken her and the problem is that you ca n't just buy her again, the damage will be done at once, you have to understand that once that girl, when the duty is as good as your daughter, she gets well slowly.  Marriage is becoming as much as makeup, boys' swimming pool, you want to become something great in your life, which has been delayed a lot, so whatever is available is becoming vulgar, whatever boys are looking for in the market.  would have been Now which girl are they taking? What are they taking? Are they taking on the basis of money? Are they taking on the basis of beauty? Are they taking on the bullet path? Take on request, we will not enter into that, okay here.  But those boys are coming out of the market, here you are slowly singing to yourself and that is when the flower is available with whom you could have married, that body of the boys is becoming so there are a lot of chances that you  Who will marry a fat person like this?  If your wedding is going to be late, then whoever is left, go to some of the weddings. In the beginning, the dishes that are left are searched, which of the puris is left, when it is the puri, then which one should you pair it with.  Wake up a little customer, wake up with self-respect sir, you have to do it quickly and I will give you a big exam, I want you to see that there is an exam, there is a time of three hours in it, you cannot do paper endlessly or phone.  There was a number paper, I know all the questions, I passed, I got so lost in the number questions that one of my marks and two marks will be left, you will just give me the paper, otherwise the teacher will snatch the paper in 3 hours, so here the parents have to snatch the paper of their daughter.  It is said that the butt is pumped, this is the cutoff of 24-25 years, the notorious husband who is about to come, has not stopped, will tear your books, will Sharma even become ahead of you, does he like you, there is no restriction, you have any desire, you have  Do n't know, you have to achieve something in life, you have to get married, not independent, you are alive, okay, you have to like and progress, your father knows 50 people, but when you get married, your father-in-law and in-laws also know 50, so you follow.  There are chances of becoming a casteist, the network comes, they can get the father-in-law's business set up and you go and get the point set, then how did you like this video, did you find it prospective and if anyone  I am feeling a little bad, I will fold my hands and apologize. We have to open the lid to install Ambra. Okay, we will start.