Hello friends, why is it necessary to have a dishwasher in your house? That is the topic on why you should buy a dishwasher. Two-three more mistakes are happening inside the kitchen which even our grandmothers do not know, women also do not know, perhaps their focus is not on that thing.  If you are a man listening to this video, then it is not that you have to drop off the elector. This is a ladies video. For ladies, men also have a big role in the house. Forward it to your wife and take this action yourself and why.  You should take these topics, like me, I did not eat outside, check was a very honorarium topic but it got a lot of hits, look at the views, look at the comments, this is even more important, now many people have released eating outside, now I have come inside the house, I am in your kitchen.  I am here and I am going to tell you some news in a very good way and you also have to check it. After listening to this video, you immediately have to go to the kitchen wherever you are, if you are at home and if you are not at home, then go home.  I have to reach there and see  Which is used in our utensils, I have put all the knowledge in it from where and you will understand it, so the things I do are three or four things, one is called steel wool wool, they say Juna, the one with steel comes again.  One is your scrubber and one is a sponge, it is fine, it washes the utensils and one of yours is soap type, one type and you put another liquid type, these two things are fine, so they wash the utensils, what is the problem, let me tell you. I am telling this thing for the middle class, it is okay and no one should give me this advice and dishwasher here, no one is going to sell the dishwasher to me, here brother, this is the link, although it is a good business idea because of the logical belief. bhikenge this is the link to buy this one no I am not going to tell you mine ok I have been learning you for 14 15 years last ok now I am ahead as an object person when I do this consultation this is the biggest problem  I want you to see that maid of yours, the one which is made of cotton or steel, it pricks right here, it pricks here, it opens a bit, it spreads its sponge and looks here, notice here and all the others.  You wash all the utensils with it, not your glass utensils, those expensive utensils of yours and other types of utensils, they get spoiled if you wash them with it, one fact is this, the second fact is to listen carefully that whatever soap you have is not soap.  Of  Means Tikki is vimkin reaction. When you look at Tikki carefully, she will see slight wetness in Tikki. Dee Medi suggests you take like this and wash but it takes force to come out. Meedo has strangled her. Go and see that the molasses is lying wet in the water, its food particles are also stuck to it and there is no way to get it out, and when it gets too molasses, it comes out more than it should, now more of it comes out of it.  It seems more and then in open cold water, now as winter is coming, your grease is not completely washed off. Now many people will say that we have installed a geyser. I also see that people have only 5 liter geyser. No one would have installed a 50 liter container in the kitchen, its water gets cooled very quickly and check the maid any time. All of you have to look at your maids. It's ok now, I am making complete details in 10-12 minutes. i you  It is going to be very beneficial for the house and women and all the people and the grease which does not come out without heat and especially in Thandiyon does not come out at all, the result is different, she applies more prill and mixes it, this is a standard operating.  There should be a procedure as to where the sponge is to be applied, which utensils are to be made of steel and in which areas the scrub type is to be used. After that comes the green and yellow parts, but who will do so much hard work?  It happens that at any time you will see the maid standing like this, water is running from the sun message, this letter is written, and no one wants to stand, one half of the time the woman goes, how many times will she go, how many times will she follow him, how are the utensils being washed? And if you miss a lot of yours, you can stop it, but what is not visible to the eyes can also be known by hearing, take a little shine of your utensils, all of you, take a shine, the glass classrooms that I see in homes, they start becoming translucent.  We go and whiteness starts coming. Because they are worn out, scratches also appear. The same thing is happening inside the Kapu and if you look carefully at the utensils, the worst condition is that of the strainer, which is used to strain the tea, its condition is very bad.  There is so much, so much remains inside him and every time you do it and the crime of looking at the corners of your utensils does not come out, all the problems get solved in the dishwasher, all the problems are created by the Father. Hello, let's say hey, I had told on Diwali that there are many things to buy this Diwali, many people bought it, sent me photographs and said thank you, got a very good response but I had not made such a detailed video on the same thing which I am talking about today.  I am making it but why did it contain chemicals? Hey brother, it does not have that much chemical in it. Salt is put in it in the dishwasher which reduces the hardness of your water which is harmful for your utensils and glasses.  Otherwise, it looks brand new, the sieve looks as if you have just bought it from the market, it kills maximum germs, all of them die, you have to wash it with steam also, it has its own procedure, your wastage of water is a lot.  It is less because the water which seems to be opening or has not been opened, does not turn off the maid and that sink of yours becomes so visible that sleeping with utensils lying on it at night is not a good thing today.  But whatever is the quality of the item or whatever you want to call it, our old system is not good in India and the food is so fancy, you will need a maid in it, even in installing the dishwasher, it is not that hard work.  It is absolutely zero, its food has to come out like this, first is the habit of eating food, whatever is left over in your own dustbin, the biodegradable one you have made, there should be two, I will make it separately sometime, plastic and that one and this one, you have to put it in it.  so wonderful Searching for utensils is fun, I am here and eating food is very important, I have many videos on food, there will be more videos in the future also, the focus is on the things that are going inside the body, I don't know where and which ones are engaged.  Job, money, brother, ultimately the soul is in our body, so we have to take care of the body because it is inside it. How will you be happy? If by mistake someone breaks the egg, what is attached to it is not that of the egg.  wash the dishes with that  Then she washed the other two. How often does it happen that you get a smell because she is not cleaning again and again? When she is leaving, she leaves the same clear clean D. This one also by running water like this inside it.  There are so many germs and that is a big treasure trove of bacteria and diseases, now how many more can you do, no matter how much you do it, but no one has the taste of a dishwasher, these days you have a concept with a utility balcony in a flat.  is kept there  It gets washed very quickly and comes out very good like a dishwasher when it stops suddenly and when you open it like this, first of all it smells good and secondly you keep the plate as if it is completely dry, there is not a single drop of water in it, which is the utensil which is there.  Isn't the maid like this, after wetting it, it gets stuck somewhere inside the wood? Sometimes it comes to mind, sometimes it rots separately or somewhere else, whatever steel utensils are there, you have applied steel on top of it and got it stuck.  They keep on dripping and dry naturally. How do they dry? Okay, and then some of the utensils are like this, not all the utensils can be put in yours. You know brother, your utensils are also of different types, so you don't put them. Many people will say embroidery, embroidery, congratulations, everyone forgets about aluminum utensils, otherwise aluminum utensils should not be used. Everyone has to search for dishwasher job. If someone has taken such a big plate of turmeric, then brother, it is not washed. Don't be fooled but pressure cookers of every five liters are also washed, spoons are used, all glass is washed, everything is made of steel, aluminum is used, you should not have any of these deals, rest of the things I will tell you, whatever your sink is, whatever is in the sink, mid and  Absorb it at any time, put it on your burning Rakhi so that whatever food gets stuck inside it, you take it out, clean it, throw it away, pick it up and put it in the drain, check that there are many drains in the clock and when in the drains.  That food rots there and then the cockroaches come, then how do those cockroaches come, that food is going into the drain, the tea bar and this tenant who is there, if you are the owner of the house and you have given it on rent, then its condition is bad. Due to this there are so many issues of plumbing but they have such good solutions that the burnt water does not come out, the anti cockroach is burnt, it cannot come out and on the contrary, it cannot take anything out from below and what is that food?  They say that only the filter will do it and the maid will have to undergo physical examination, these types of products have started being made, I wanted to tell you that it is a mess, the tenant keeps the son-in-law after destroying it, this is a fact, what kind of food is that?  Where are the landlords doing in the houses, crying means that they do n't even save Rs. 100 of their Rs. 200. By reducing it, your pipeline gets burst and then the man cries in the kitchen, it is getting terrible, everyone goes and saves his life. Look at the kitchen and if you are also a tenant or a landlord then all the damage is being done but those cockroaches are coming into your kitchen and those germs are spoiling the things in your kitchen. In Unav object, this big sunlight, air, it is necessary, direct Shani, this facing, that facing A, brother, go and see the kitchen, the one whose kitchen is not sorted out, the one whose kitchen is not in order, where there is a mess, there will be trouble, this is also telling a lot of water. Water  The loss that occurs is too much, that child comes from the dishwasher, too much water in the dishwasher, a lot more water, wherever you save, money will be saved, we will take it from the moon, now I do n't want to go into it too much, but let me tell you this, it is more than just water.  The glasses come out shining. Brother, it is not like if you drink tea, they leave marks on the cup and then they come out of the glass and they will shine completely. It is very important for me to tell you that when your utensils will shine, will yours also shine?  Luck will also shine, now go and see how your utensils are, similarly, so is your luck, cry, my luck is not good, cry after seeing a few utensils, later first go to the kitchen, go to your fridge, whoever has a fridge, take your hand and put him in the fridge.  Assess above and when you see a smell here, then it is dust on your fate. I am giving so much free knowledge, I am giving it with love, no such dust goes inside, there is pollution, there is pollution, government, do something, please do this kitchen.  The government will do whatever is happening outside, the system of stubble, the car and the whole system above, the air does not stop, look at the kitchen, look at your exhaust fan, it is dripping like a work of art, put a chimney, put a tile till the top, by cleaning it means perfect kitchen of the people. If someone does that inside, bring a jumper from outside, bring a biologist and check, there will be more jumpers in your kitchen. I am telling you these facts about your bathroom. People will not like to hear this, but this. Fact: Energy comes from there, food is from the man of the house, there is fire element, there is water element, there are many things, I will not take that, I give this to all platinum members separately, otherwise it will be a long video, but I am just telling you people. Which is called expensive, brother, it is worth 30-40 thousand, you are roaming around with a phone, it is worth 40-40 50 60 70 thousand, it has to give great pleasure by putting a bitten apple in the ear.  ₹ 80000 iPhone dishwasher doesn't cost as much as many women are listening to, install a dishwasher right now, tell your husband you don't want the phone, the phone screen will break in 1 minute, it will get gummed up, something will happen, water will enter the new one and then pick it up with the phone in it.  It doesn't fit yours but it fits in the dishwasher. 25303540 Depending on shapes, brand and capacity, fit it, it is not expensive and none of it gets spoiled. My brand is running since 14 years, Mani Bolunga Mere.  It is okay to not promote it, then take the money, review it and consider it yours, nothing bad happens, washing machines get bad, geysers get bad over the years, they get bad due to this, but this one is bad because it does not move. Right, it remains the same, now if you pick it up and do something then it is a different matter, it is the same, it is very good, it is a very good product, all the women will enjoy it, grease does not come out somehow like water, I had already told you that  are formed inside it, right?  It is very good that stains are formed on all the utensils due to the hardness of the motor because the salt remains, so how many people will buy it. Please write in the comment section how many people will buy it after listening to my video, so that I can feel that  I tried to bring change in people's lives. There is an issue in my job, I am having trouble with my boss, I am having trouble with my wife, I am not enjoying life, I am not enjoying this, I am not understanding this, I am not understanding and then Manikant is saying by happiness when D Mani hair is more than happiness courses on happiness are being conducted very well, only one class has been conducted, the first class is a record, there is still a chance to do the remaining six classes live, it is held on the first and third Friday.  There is a 2 hour class at 00:00, it will be fun, do live change, take knowledge in winter, take platinum membership or go to the app and take the course, the cost is right from John, from the route.  If you want to join, then join, your wish is fine and you will enjoy such practical things in it, I have also written the syllabus for the classes, if anyone wants it, take it too, I also told in the class that the first class would have been an episode like a super hit. First time web series is super super duper hit, close to 500 people connected, it's ok even in second, I am expectingful house, almost ok, end third, fourth fifth, every first and third Friday will be next. My class is second, which will be held on Friday, December 2022 at 8:00 am. So please join me. I understand the thing very well from practical and she will immediately monetize and give happiness. If you do not get immediate pleasure from my talk or do not get monetization or fun through immediate implementation.  If he comes then he is, I mean, a flop, no one talks like that, I just bring a dishwasher, remove the troubles from your life, I am repeating again.  Bring a dishwasher, now you will say, what is the link, a job, there is a job in it, and man, take the matter, you will incur a maximum loss of 30-40 thousand, what else will happen, brother, the product will come, it will work, if the utensils are right, then the people will be clean, then there will be no trouble.  What I am claiming is that you bring a dishwasher, keep your kitchen ultra clean, many good things will start happening in your life, money will increase by saving water, troubles will reduce, so when so many things are happening. Why not in your life and which one should I do? My shop, I told you the name of a shop. Okay, if you want to buy Johnsa, buy it, buy it, do a good review, and the next person who watches the video, if you bought it within 48 hours, then you bought it, otherwise.  Then forget it, okay, and women, please show them to your husbands, whatever you are seeing, there is no need to ask, please place your order, thank you very much.