Hello friends, I have again brought a deep topic, it is going to be interesting, but two-three days ago, I made two or three such videos, they are dark and deep, they are a little bit strange, I do n't know what kind of audio it is, only a few will receive, many will not receive, many people. If there is fun in this too, I have enjoyed it. I am typing it. Beat system is crushing time. It is a belief system of long-held people. We will crush it. Some people will enjoy it themselves, some will enjoy it after pain and some others will enjoy it.  To  If you don't like it then it is okay to remove it from here, then listen with confidence that it is equal in English. You can remove it from whatever part of your life, this is my topic, why remove it, will we discuss it? Be confident because Infosys is on it. A lot of courses are given on this, it is taught in schools, parents speak, elders speak, society's values ​​also speak, confidence, confidence should be visible, confidence is in one's own confidence.  Remove the word, put it behind and took clarity for it because even a confident person can be a donkey, confident person can be a drunkard who after drinking six pegs says at 11:00 pm, I will drive the car, I am confident, you understand my time. Being confident in yourself is not a big thing. You have to see where the source of confidence is coming from. The source can also come from stupidity, so don't win over being confident.  Do it means you are more confident. You are okay. If you are confident then you are not ready to expect. Also there is alternate idea, course of action, new result. These are the confident people who are very confident about history or very confident about anything else.  This is the one who goes in the line of Reed Fanatic and can also be a donkey, which is fine, if you are very confident that I am, you are very confident in the catty eyes.  If people and I cross the road, then is this the thing you have to see, there is clarity in life, just here you know something and here you don't know something, it is possible but what you know, what has not changed, what you knew may change.  Once upon a time it was said, 'Dar planet', then it was said, ' Find the planets, keep on changing, so be alive to the changes, be flexible among the changes. Go for it. Seeks clarity in life.'  Ticket from Islampur When you are asleep at night and the bedroom light goes off at 2.30 and you have to use the toilet, then nature's call is okay. So, if you are living in your house, then why do you turn on the light if your wife is sleeping next to you? You sit quietly and leave, you know that you have to finish my two here, you know your body, muscular member, this is in the second too, you know the design layout of your house, do not keep four steps, open the door again, go inside and switch on your lights.  Lee ok and do your program and light  Turn on the lights without turning them off Disturb your wife If you fell asleep then you were confident in this Clear thank you know the levant If you are confident that you are going to someone else's house as a guest, Suzy will be confident and will walk without bumping into you  If you go, there may be conflict, so understand the example in life deeply that you need clarity in life, torch that I can see, I know, if I don't know, then I want to know something deeper in this also. And what's that Joe Sugar know what you didn't turn on all of you shouldn't know any should also know what you don't know and at her room and things which you don't know Vishnu there's a mess there that you do n't know that you don't know  How will you know this? Now you know many things. Okay, if you do not know how to file income tax return, then you know that filing income tax return is something. I do not know, so now you can either learn or  You may be wondering, but what are some other things that you do n't know that you don't know that will be there when you are furious. Have you ever seen your children, how we lead children to give conferences in the wrong way. Take this point without being confident, you will get confidence by listening to others, no one can have confidence, you have given him a limit, you have given him the paper that whether he has to recite this poem, whether he has to give a lecture or edit it, now he only gets confidence.  Which players are not going to stand on the stage and take them to the team, which comes from content. Now only understanding and communication skills are being discussed a lot. Confidence, clarity were content, content was not there. People all talk about confidence.  Confidence can be felt in a particular situation different then one's confidence and confidence spent by you must be an extra very knowledgeable person than me.  Ask questions, he does n't get distracted, no matter how embarrassed you are, you say on your face, you do this, you are not doing that, you look at Satguru ji, Jaggi Vasudev, people ask anything, children are destroyed by misbehavior like this, okay, this is a note of confidence.  Easy Confident Minimize Hinge Sticker Man Any Person With This Name Will Be Seeing Stunt Scene From Everybody And Will Have Clarity On  Issues and clarity can only remove bad teeth Only that light can remove darkness Don't go after confidence Confident Pure confidence should also be a byproduct And you are still not Seen for example A ship landed on the Hudson River which  But a movie has also been made about that pilot Kabaddi stroke. When the engine stopped, how much time did he have? My voice ji entered in confident confidence. What is the decorative date clarification from 1000 Flying Object Experiences City that as I rotate here, this much will be there, there will be date in it, there was complete clarity of the situation, this is what needs to be done, this is the right approach which needs to be taken up. People use it with great confidence because why should I do it again and again because it is very interlinked, still many diseases will not be considered such sex.  Will give clarity to people's trust. People's confidence in confidence. Overconfident can also be a fool. So the confidence aspect always has some little doubt that even in my eyes, if you are following from Google then it is without on Google sauce that I don't know crores shown.  Will give in one go I will stop the car and ask you If I ask two people then what should I do I am seeking clarity and seeking confidence Confident  So there are many, there is a Google, it tells the right direction in Gurgaon, now you are going somewhere in another city or want to go through a village, I don't know, you can show me a road which is further ahead, where there is another incident, then it will be taken by physical people.  Are you going to a paan seller, is there a shopkeeper somewhere or are people sitting there, that policeman at the intersection, ask him also, if you ask four or five people, clarity will increase, then what should be done to increase clarity in life and to increase clarity?  If you have the confidence to associate with people, then you have worn the clothes, got your hair done, got the car well maintained, got facials and facials done in English, got some speakers, you can show the press conference well, but as soon as the attack comes out of nowhere, for example, decision-making will be lost.  Want to buy sexual shares of, apply in IPO or not, whether I should buy pallu, follow cream, get 90 in under construction, then where has the less than confidence gone? Children and confidence in the builder used to be ready. The confidence of superficial superficial confidence is abandoned in a moment and anyone can break it. Some people who appear good and confident are also ruined. There are many people who break their confidence when they are in jobs.  I am giving the increase to be shown to you and setting Lord of interviews and corporate, the first thing is the confident looking man or girl who comes.  Confident is the question of checking did you see yourself a pleasant shoot question is the big tricky question of portion of his very clear will maximum you will get in one or two yes it is the only till confident people who is a will be  Aware of a tennis nobody can take only you can tell about one or two years what happened and how much pain I have succeeded in making you understand that if I have sown the seed of ultimate doubt, leave the confidence, it is a mess and go towards clarity. If I have sowed the seed, then I have succeeded. Have I succeeded?  To do this, type 'K' and if it doesn't work then end it. If I see more 'K's in the comment section, then I will feel that yes the video was successful. More such videos will come. It is the job of a Guru to awaken the Guru element. It is the work of the Guru to correct the doubts then.  You will also learn and you will reach that white journey seeking that he will be the Seervai who is confident with Don't and work is going nowhere blouse confident, he knows that it is like this pure always have Don't show is also a little bit confident with people  That Your Delivery Presentation You Appear Not Sent By Have Lots Of Charity Is You Can Give Counter Clarity And Courage District I'm So  Sorry Flexible to Changes Confident person who is super slippery confident and said something in it Apli is a prisoner in her office in front of her family She says in front of the society YouTube that in front of me I said the record and that will happen and is behind confidence Ok  That if I look confident then if you have to change it then it will feel that now I will not be confident because I was saying this but if the effect is that I change my mind.  What do you do sir, it was the best 19 mins, it was very big, you must know the name that net benefits from it, change I change my department should you want you and you should always have any and every to question belief systems ne Delhi monthly e agree with this question do  Players, if they were strong and well, would survive and get stronger and if they were messed up, they would fall and new ones would come.  Decide there are some deep things but the audio is accepting so I will keep bringing things like this and back I said people you like it and if you like this one too then further and you want more like this then please like and share a little Subscribe Thank You Thank You You're Great Thank You A