Hello friends, the topic I have brought for you today is Loot  Will add and tell what their rap actions can be. Maybe you don't think that knowingly or unknowingly maybe you are making this mistake and maybe you don't even know it. So you and I know that loot is a notice tag feature.  If inside WhatsApp If someone else has read your message, it goes to you via Bluetooth. If you have read his message, it comes to you via Bluetooth, then you come to know, but many people select it, so I want to know this through you people.  You may also be doing this or you may have definitely encountered such people. We will cover the psychology behind it. Secondly, we will see what other things can happen due to the different types of behavior on social media. In  Many people will take it this way, so it is a personal choice. Discussing this thing does not always make us happy in our life, but sometimes we can also give opinion on them that knowingly or unknowingly because of those 24, maybe the loss is more than the gain.  If it is not happening, then there is a kind of belief system which I would like to question, if even after listening you feel that no, then we should be ready to bear the loss in this way. If we feel that we are getting benefit, then you should continue with us. Look at what I was doing, have you ever sent a message to someone and there is no blue tick on it and you have read in it that how will you know that it is the party whose message does not contain fruit, if he will reply to you, then brightness on that message.  He responded that you and him have a routine, so you know that he is a human being, if you message him, he has activated this feature, so maybe he will message you next time. If you do not reply to the message, you will remain like this. If you have not read it, then the trustworthy person who is doing this has wasted the space. A question mark comes, that is one second. This is that I want to know so that what is the benefit to him from this.  What is happening is that the one who is giving more and more energy is telling the rest of the people that I am scared, he is afraid that Bigg Boss has messaged me or any of my relatives has asked for something from me. Asked for something from a friend, many people keep getting requests for many things, this is also a fact, but you should be simple, you should be so powerful on the point that you have read I will reply latest, learn to do this directly, say I can.  If you don't get help, then you are carrying a huge stress with it. What I want to tell you is that those people who have activated this feature that my blue pick will not be visible to others, they are facing a huge stress. They are not getting any benefit from it, plus the relationship they have is professional, the check is with their business people, it is optional, they are only travelling, they do n't even know how much they are travelling, maybe after coming back from the beginning, they might find someone.  Now I will not say that when the video becomes something, what happens in the last video, my subscribers run away, now these are the kind of videos because the youngsters these days understand such things, they also feel that it is our privacy.  And personal space is being invaded by that device, so I want to tell them that whenever you get jobs, which are HR departments, which recruit, we are the hotspot of I will be explaining these also in the society in the next video.  When I talk about interview and selection, it is seen that if a company wants to hire you and now you have already activated your Bluetooth and traffic system, then they will know even tomorrow.  Such an application will come out, what is its reliability, so you have to see that this blue tick, remove it for a few days and you will see that it makes a difference in your life. If you start feeling better in your life, then please go with the tree.  And you will get very useless advice. First, my Bluetooth was very good and I used to read everyone's messages like white telling distress messages on WhatsApp, Dad, I am not able to respond to everybody. Don't make it short, sometimes I write two lines, now I do it in 36 hours in 48 hours, but he is a feature editor, Guru Tatva, a human being, if I accept this, remove it and look at me, then he gets sad and angry with me, the code is angry with me that  We also sent you a message, reposted it to you, asked a question and did not answer, you did not answer it and you, I am the best person for me that the person who activated this feature should not even know, the man would not get angry either.  because he knows  This will not work, but it is much bigger than this, your positivity, confidence and that goes further, now that is real, I know about this thing, so I will not do this, okay, so I have a request to many people who are doing this.  The feature is activated, you deactivate it for a month, which press labels will you go down, plus it will always be the same that I got a message from my boss, that message, if I send you that technology in that message, you will come to know even without opening it.  And you know that many people are not going to receive messages and messages with good news and in order to overtake one or two or three people, you are engaging in this behavior with 200, 300 people along with your contacts and you are  You have to see that you are being judged. You will be afraid of two or four people. Every person is the most important. People also have friends. People have relatives. They have all kinds of people. It is okay to play a game with everyone.  It doesn't come, but that feature cannot be selectively activated. Okay, so in case of some people, especially the boss and all those in their circles, please do n't message them. His message has come, someone has some level question, you don't tell him the truth.  I know it, I don't know it yet, but that belief from inside is false, that's why man should read it too, you are removing your aura, you are not subtracting the second thing, one, we, a message inside WhatsApp.  We write that it is okay for us that the line comes or is normal, the person who does not use WhatsApp uses this much but many people say that there is nothing special, then you should see that line, you can create an image portrait about yourself.  If you are interested then see whether it is beneficial for you or not. Sometimes you become very idealistic and write something like this but it is harming your development. That too is being read and many youngsters are doing this oil. 2426  If you will do it for a year, then you guys have made a BDPO on the side towards your back, instead of presenting it through please avoid, you guys have made a DP, it will be very beneficial for you, see straight, someone is looking up, someone is looking to the side.  I am watching, he is showing his back, it is very negative, that thing goes, I have also made a very detailed video on this, every WhatsApp DP says something, I will also give its link, please watch that, a lot of it was gone, it is quite an old video. So no don't miss the audio message Look, that's why I will give the link. Its infant two parts were made very well, they were appreciated very well, there was a very good review, but how are your friends on Facebook, what are the accounts, all the recruitment agencies and those who are head hunters say that there are four, this is yours.  Tweets on social media go like this, what goes on, they all get attracted, right, Dubai or somewhere, someone wrote a line to someone, he lost his job, that's extreme.  These countries are also an example, just one SIM and all that matter, but it is not that you are in India, of course, our country is very tolerant and according to that, anything is okay but I will definitely do it, so be very careful about what you do. Want to portray is absolutely cool life is absolutely fine in this sense, it is also fine that I am writing whatever comes in my mind, that is also fine, but if you show the back then the part which is from a frightened person and if  There is no confidence in it, people do not want to be associated with it because they think that the person who is talking about this fruit will prove my plot, otherwise I am giving you an example, pension can be linked with it, there is absolutely no liability.  It is a shame that many people may feel bad about this but you can tell me in the comment section that who has revised it or I too may not be aware of something due to some reason, ready.  To learn from the audience, okay, the people you have encountered, this is the opinion of those who do not do Blue Tips, you write that yes, this is not such an airy topic, we have metered them and what kind of cheating do you know, please write this.  Make and Interactive And if you yourself are someone who has not been able to keep the blue tick activated in this way, then you can tell your reasons Cons of Nobody Knows By Name Actually  Who are you? Your ID may also be different, so am I also 2305 Candy of Solid Research. This is the body. What is headed? If the reason is that you cannot tell anyone, then this account is the same and lives in the premises of replying to this.  What are the restrictions? Sometimes what happens is a question. This is a request to you. This question is such a question that is asked by the judge that you don't feel like doing. It is understandable, so you write a line in it. I am.  To electricity right now and I too MS Word to answer buying gift and I too Article to help you right now Okay, if your boss has come then you look at him and say ok then give this thumbs up friend, don't be nervous if you do anything.  There is one thing, so how did you like this video, you guys will tell please share that now it is in videos on such topics and you can like it in such a way that the content is this will actually touch your  You must like and share Practical Daily Life.