Hello friends, decision making is not being done by many people, especially youngsters. Decision making is a very important requirement in life to progress ahead. You will have to take a decision. If you leave for office in the morning, then which shirt to wear is also a small decision.  There are decisions and then there are big decisions in life: getting married, which job to do, which city to choose. Where will we invest, where will we buy a house, with whom will we live, with whom will we date, when will we change the job, there are many decisions in life and there are many small decisions, for this I had done a workshop a few months ago and two months ago, it was a very good workshop.  Since I forgot about it and many people had attended, there is a recording of it in the comment section. If you want to purchase it, then you should definitely watch it because Last time, I have something to do in the future as well, like I had to do a workshop, so I was watching the old one, like sometimes you look at your own things too, suddenly I realized that this is a very good workshop, it explains mental models for decision making. Templates are mentioned, how are the tools there, how to think, because our education system as it is, keeps us busy in memorizing facts whereas the main task of education should be how to think.  If we teach what to think then we will decide what to think. We know many things but how to think. No one is teaching us how to think. No one is telling us how to think. What are the mental models? It is an excellent workshop. Fees are there.  Yes, its fee is Rs. It is posted in the comment section. You enjoy my content. I do not repeat the same thing again and again. If you people who are associated with me know then  You can watch it. If you want to take membership of the channel, then watch it through membership, you will get to see anything else, other wise of this channel, only niche cut, want to watch it, brother, I have to watch only this, that recording in it. You will get access to it for life long, keep it and whatever knowledge is explained in it, you can also take money for teaching that knowledge to someone else in ₹, I have also explained it very well in that, brother, you can go to any school and give a lecture. Can take in club house  You can take the community center, which of your different Rotary Clubs, these are the ones where you can get free ticket for the public in the park, ₹ 50 0 My ticket rate, I told you 299, which is a little less than the movie ticket rate. In a way, it is fine, that is, if the ticket in big cities is fine, then you can also keep your ticket beyond that, so try it once and give me feedback. Whatever you take, you can write here in the comment section. That  Yes, we have also seen that it is good, it is very good, it is doing something in between good and very good and for me especially, normally I come like this, I don't make more like this, beyond the old things that I have done, but I have just done this.  Sudden release that if one of your pictures turns out to be good, a song turns out to be good or a poem turns out to be good or the food turns out to be good, then you say, brother, try the food and taste it, then this video is made with that feeling that it is very good.  have the dish please  Come and test it and you will get a lot of clarity in decision making. You will get tools and once you have tools like plumber's tools, carpenter's tools, electrician's tools, once you have the tools then you can work with those tools.  If you can deal with any problem, I hope it will benefit you, many of you will try it, go to the comment section, you will find the link at the top.  That is the link of my app, there is the link of Mera Apna Pup Sangla Suj Ai, beyond that you will purchase it in the content section and you will get the recording. Thank you very much.