Hello friends job series video number four topic all women work job income generating work why earn money you can name the thing but brother enemy is also working that topic is this video for all my husbands to show them to their wives.  If the wife is watching then it is very good that you husband is 45-50 years old and is worth Rs. 3835, so take it but even if he is worth Rs. 4550, you have to show that it is not that  I will be married for 20 years and if Vivi hasn't done a job, I can't show it even now. This video is very important because two things will happen with it and your wife will start working or will start working or will not do it if you don't do it.  If you keep pushing and keep talking every 15-20 days for a month, your value will increase. Many husbands are very worried because the society went on for 20 years that women are doing very high grade work inside the house. This one was some of my videos.  It may seem that anti-women anti-women there is Romney in it, but I am going to tell you something in my talk, you listen to me carefully. If girls go to school, they get good marks, fighter pilots are also becoming in India these days, then f50y  There is no discussion of talking about it to tell that on vote share of which is the capital of doing everything from Dallas see on decide Saudi Arabia better sex but it is getting better here So why are the better people not able to do the work that they say, even if you don't get the support system, you have to give the support system, otherwise you will become poor from middle class to lower middle class because all the people in the lower class are there.  If you are working, then you should think that a salary of Rs 1.5-2 lakh will be sufficient for you, then your salary will also be calculated on the basis of GDP and your salary will also be calculated on the basis of capita and if your wife is living in her own home.  If you keep me in the house, then you are spending on your daughter's education. To save your house, you told that wife to run the house well and I will do a good job. I will not have any tension, so you can also tell your daughter.  Would you like this or would you like to get a job for your daughter or from your heart will you make her do the job if she has never seen her mother doing it, if she is deducting her mother's check, full time solid user but this is one of the way things to learn Haryanvi Haryana  And creates a lot of impact and s people you understand s word key me knata kya hai so tell me what is ok in this life in joining a lot has one guy office children after in school nowadays so let's quote after 10 children  Then what happens 11:00 What happens Unit Merit She is a girl There is no responsibility Pick up the phone Hello yes it is gone What did you eat son, what did you make now, are you gossiping about chapatti? I must have been yours to many people, but when I get up from the road and sit in the marital bed, Honey Singh, I think the same thing, I do this all day long, my energy level is so low because I am working, pretty, many people have fulfilled theirs.  They employ their daughters so that during marriage and after that they say that if they have to work after that then they will get it done. I have made a video on this too. My dear, there are two good videos on girl child on how to get them a career.  And your parents also have to be supported, men also have to be supported, we need support at every level for girls to get jobs in the society, it has been 205 years since these women of our society came out of the house in 2030.  It has not come out of this, we have to support the entire society, there should be facilities where they work, they should be just fine, they should be empathetic towards others, they should have 700 feelings, parents should be helpful and those whose children have grown up.  They are 15, 15 and 12 years old, they need someone to help mom so that mom can get a chance to earn four paise and that too to wear her suits and sarees. Otherwise, today I am telling you, half of the ladies in the house live in nighties.  I do n't feel like changing inside, it's lunch time and no one is coming, the display is bad, then they are starting to go mental after staying at home too much, so I am only for the good of the ladies. I am making a video but now the husband has to do something because if the lady had raised her hand and said that brother, please forgive me for my bus job and I will live on less, then at least he will not do that again that I have to go from land to land, okay.  Get it for me, get me that, am I short of money or do I have a very high energy level? Let's go on a great trip today to meet my relatives. Bring a big one. Okay, throw such a big party for my son, then he will come to know that brother.  see if you do this All work can be done, property can be made in this speech, this is to release that if you understand anything, I want to explain to you all, if there are 2 lakh Vikram and husband's two lastings are less, remember then there are two lakh Sangam and husband's 1 lakh.  If Vikram is the wife's action, then the income here is also Rs 2 lakhs, but Vikas tax slabs are so different and reports, people know that the two jobs he is doing are very heavy, it is very heavy and Rs 2 lakhs.  As much as a person's juice was coming out in salary, spiritual agility is not that much in lakhs, it has been seen that in the beginning, Aswapati, make your wife relax a little and also open these straps very much, along with it there is a device to make your wife's hand look at the broom.  It is not okay to have a mop and utensils in any house, it can also be kept for cooking, apart from that, whatever work you can do, you can do it, you can also do the points people make in that letter, but friend.  And the children who are there, I will use this word that the children cannot be made to sit at home for a long time, just holding their tail, for 2 years, 3 years, four years, 5 years, the passion of the children is as much as that of the grandmother, as much as that of the grandfather, isn't it?  These will also be useful and no matter how many you are, whether you are a grandmother or a grandfather, a grandmother or a brother, please help you in the next generation, make them money differently, take it down, your family will be fine, you are middle class.  My Mithila very good songs, you will be able to do this and someone else is doing it, you help me and whoever is in this, do n't think that this is Nuvvu, this is my daughter going to do a job, the money will come to my son-in-law.  Vaibhav will keep her money, she will buy a big suit from me, think of it according to the family, family is your family, it is written in front of it, Sharma ji, Bansal ji, Arora ji, some Agarwal ji, Sangwan ji of this womb is okay, anything can be written, the name is that.  The progress of the family is like that of a household and the households I am seeing are sour like this in Gujarat, so I have written this, okay, I am a journey from Gujarat, I have not seen this in any browser, Gujarat Housing Flags, it does not earn money.  Husband used to do some work for someone but take alarm, how much money am I coming, lady and the house, tear papad, load paper, do some pickles, China will get Amola and subscribe this Chhota Sa Jo, whatever was on this You will understand the thing, right? When Sunita Neta was going in front of Ambani's house, Sunita said to Amitabh, it was not Yo Yo, if all the property and business of Honey ji becomes yours, then how can you like Ambani by drinking water?  May it be better than G, I have got everything from Ambani ji and my two Krishnas are whatever they are, these are my two tuitions in life, whatever is my feeling, I want the same for my woman that you have something of your own.  is or  You will be 4045 after one stage, this child has become 15-20 years old, he is busy with his job, and your favorite is really worrying about what will happen to the children, why is he getting married, is his job going to be mine, which college? Where will you get the number, devotee uncle, I am very worried, oh I am very worried, my good husband is not paying attention to it, but now we are worried about where we will be from, stop worrying about your work milk because if you are 40  You cannot work for a year, study your studies, if you go too hard then you will not work in 18 2008, then my message is very clear, in the job series video for please all the men of this country start doing something, take pride in doing. Something simple, I am telling you that you will give tuition of ₹ 4000 to your neighbor's boy and girl and the same neighbor's wife will give tuition to your child.  Tuition of Rs. 4000 will be given, it is a choice, but if that money is exchanged in the bank, then GDP will be Rs. 8000 because it will be recorded. Women's work is not recorded, that is why it is on the left. In US, everything is recorded and anything they do is recorded.  It happens that 50% of a woman's salary is decided by the woman, but all those transactions are recorded and the GDP grows. So, brothers and sisters, do you want to take the country forward? Please explain to the society, our families and our ladies that we have to work, do only a little work, earn ₹ 500, a thousand in short term, earn something and now I will try to do a special webinar in this in my webinar, I will try to do it for free, okay. Whatever good may happen and will be doing, it was clear when the time comes, our country first, in the middle of 30th September there will be voltage, there will be unwanted development, many ladies are sitting in so much lethargy, what should we do?  We have done something otherwise we have to start some work Antakshari So Antakshari we will start in 1975 Awadhesh Overhead Points Interesting Acid Canvas 6 &amp; WWW So he is ill I will give you the link and I will tell you some ideas I want and  Women to work, make money, hand big confident, four paise, you get injured, only then the fear in life reduces, fear removes the feeling of great search, it will tell you that  If the video has hurt someone then it is very good because when it hurts then only you will do something to remove that part. Thank you, right?