Hello friends, today's topic is brother, all parents should avoid Kota, I am telling you in a symbolic way, you know the city and what activities are done there, you know it is the education and coaching industry, I want to tell you two-three things which even the children can see.  Those who are 18, 20, 17 years old or are parents, especially I want to tell something to everyone, if you look carefully, see the content, what is happening today in Kota, there is a junction of Kota, a man has done the photo like this.  It is tempting that I have come here, it is absolutely right to do it like this, your whole system is glorification of IIT coaching providers, it is their college reports, hey brother, gold was extracted in the 19th century, there is a gold company in it, so many people went there, they earned money, jeans.  Those who sell jeans and those who sell shawls are the ones who sell these jeans. The question is why are they getting attracted to it so much and avoid this alt together, don't let them go to Kota.  You have to struggle, people are going, don't even send your child to the whole world, say two points, zero, zero, one percent, brother, do anything else, brain juice will be left because once you go there, the one who got selected has gone and points.  If it is zero zero one percent then it is different. Rest brother, some program of 1999 is not being set, just end this coaching business, end the coaching business completely, end the coaching business, I will tell you in another way.  Let me tell you this in his own way, 180 are made in a year in India, there is a figure in India, everything is found together, make 90 thousand ₹ 1 lakh, it is 12 lakh in a year, it is 12 lakh in a year, so around 20 crores of rupees are in the treasury of all these people. 180 There is a system for this 20 crore salary per year, 30 thousand crores of work is being done which is preparing these people to earn 20 crores.  If you so many people will earn 20 crores or 30000 crores, then the money is in it or the glory is in it, I don't have a problem with it that you are doing it, the problem is that this head is becoming a waste of money and time, if India's liquor is available for drinking.  Capacity is there, if you increase everything by 6 times then you will earn huge tax. Debt is not a logical place where money is going to be spent. Debt is very very important and education is middle.  The children of the same class have no chance because now you tell me which city they are from, they say the name by saying 'Sir', their channel has 2 crore subscribers, they are teaching cheaply, their courses also cost Rs 700-2000, so they are teaching everyone to the poor people.  And if even 0.5% of the children read their content well and remember it, and also have their own talent and work hard, they will get the same number, so compete anytime.  It is not possible that earlier there was a distinct advantage of the middle class, see, historically there was an advantage of sending quota, the country was poor, the child who got special coaching and got books, he used to do well because the knowledge he had was available to comparatively less people because less  People do not have access to this quota, now by doing all this they are taking photos of each other, they are older than that, they are all doing their own thing, becoming a unicorn.  I am going to say that friend, why are you becoming an animal because of this, the whole system, if you watch so many YouTube channels, because all the children are busy on phones and YouTube, he is an 18 year old child, that is Sushmita Sen's song, right?  I have seen Shahrukh Khan wala tujhe, that means those kind of fillings are being done on YouTube, madam looks cute, it is so good, what is there, there is nothing about her and that madam's videos also look like this, that means that means  Attract like this, see what is your problem, you read it very well, there is a smell inside your mother, that is why you are not my mother's ass, I know everything about how it is getting reduced, should n't it be teachers' entertainment, it should be, Baba, I don't agree.  I am doing but it should not be only entertainment, they have gone to make web series, look at their influence, they have gone to sponsor Netflix, they are making web series on Netflix, all are being made on quota, all this brother, that brother, this sir, that.  Sir, that sir, now their story is now these people are dating each other, they are some one teacher or whoever is the influence or they want to marry each other, they should find marriage and they are all the children in the event, hey you, this marriage.  They are making so much money, they have made this platform of their own, have done everything, no, do good to you, you are animated and I will also do the same, I will do this, this stupidity is going on very fat, I know in two-four years  Finish This will also last for 2 years because the whole world has gone to India to say, learn some lesser business and do it and the husband goes, this too will be beaten, I am predicting earlier, the whole world is doing it, now I have also made it, you have made it, hey you.  Friend, if you want to study in SIM college, how much do you study, you will take it to the top of cute, if more people are selected and people are not interested then why should we do good to us, brother, what good are you doing, if you are first in the competition, then there is so many people.  All of you Shikha Dog used to come out on percentage, for children, it will come out in higher percentage, when this is a probability, I am from this, the parents who are smart should bypass all this, if you want to go from Delhi to Hisar, then go to Rohtak.  It is necessary to go through the fort road, the government has made a bypass, all this, let the people be engaged in it, and what else is there, do anything else, do anything else, start wishing for money, dog, but that's why you work.  You are staying because you want to set, children are not going to be set, I am telling you that you will have to have 5 to 67 different skills, you will have to have the skill of your hand, which he does not know, tea has not been made yet, you are the tea seller who is making tea, there is no tea here.  These people also go to very big posts, it is okay in India, so I am telling you an example, you can do anything, 10000 rupees are less to do, but if you bypass them, then they will definitely move ahead, take them out because  This is right here, the words are like this all day long, what can I see in this dream, I am studying, I am doing it like the one in education, I am doing it like the one in this class, I am doing it like that, I am doing it a little, no friend, no I  That is good, I did n't understand the whole thing, that interaction D moment, you got stuck in a doubt and you can't ask, God next to it, no meaning, no date, this is D limitation of D education, this is a fact, what time to take the courses.  and that What happens in courses is that it comes on a platform which distracts you. When you tell me one thing, when you are sitting in an actual class and there is a teacher and you are studying and he is teaching, then you get some other distraction somewhere.  It is not there, something will pop up here till the top, WhatsApp came up, Rohit was looking at Neha's WhatsApp came, oh leave it and stay from here, the screen is read from this, it is practical now, then inside that he said, ' Hey, I am talking to this madam'  I read it, it came on YouTube, I read it from this sir, it is so much, he is doing very well, I am saying that, but day, it is like this, friend, whatever he is doing and the money is less, that is fine, he is becoming a fool.  You have to see them right now, watch their videos, their bouncers go with them, when they get down from the car, they are standing 8 on the car, it seems like a minister, is it a 25 year old boy?  it's life  I am irritated with him, do I want to climb, what is wrong, will you reduce so much security, so much, what is it, one more has to be created, your people call him Bhaukaal, he is fine, Bhaukaal, brother from Haryana, 14 brothers, sir, brother has come, this brother, any name.  Amit bhaiya ke bhaiya bhaiya didi bhaiya tell your child, if you want to be impressed then be impressed by your hard work and be impressed by this thing that means how hard dad is working and mom.  She is impressed that she is making parathas for you and what does she think about you? Get your children roaming here and there and do an audit of their WhatsApp. It is not a matter of privacy, what the parents are listening to me is to see and they say.  I am motivated. Your child is going to any motivational institution. It is a matter of great concern for you. Whatever the motivation, he has to gain the knowledge that he has to go to this university. Someone has told him that he is going there.  There is such an admission date, this is very fine but this is the pity that you will break yourself, this will happen and inside this, the document went up, the keratin went up, this is the intoxication, this is the fun, and this is where the program ends, then there is nothing further because this is the fun.  Hey, those are the people who understand all this, those who are creators, all of them understand all this, whoever read this thing, just do this much, if not successful, will definitely do it next time, because if you do n't do it next time, then he will come again.  How uncle, this time too I did not dare to study again. Look at each other, those who study this are like this. Even if you don't become this, you will become a very capable man. How will you become a capable man by studying this?  This did not make it any relief for the story, does anyone want to say this to you Guruji Scientist Academy, if you have studied UPSC for 22 to 30 years, then you are green and you are continuing, India is no less than that and does not deserve any less.  That's it, then he will sit here, then he will teach others, break and leave, this whole India is going on like this, one is going to dream11, we know that people of dream11 are also idiots, because what is this, enter ₹ 50, form a team.  This is how it happens sir, this is how it happens, sir, this is how it happens, then it comes, I said how much have you earned till now, 49 no, nothing has happened yet, okay, my team will win now, it will happen friend.  What am I, friend, where is it going, friend, where is any country's war going? It is in the country by force, do Amrit Kaal here, do this tomorrow, no one is going to walk less than a walk tomorrow, this one, this one, no one else, here, no one like this.  The enemy has come to our mind and is asking that we should not take revenge on him. We are making all of our own and parents can just stop controlling the mobile phone. WhatsApp will have to be audited. Before that, you will have to check yourself whether you yourself  What to see and what not to see because that is also up to you  If you are watching then how to create the atmosphere inside the house, what is the practical atmosphere to be created, how to do it, this should be a topic of discussion on a dining table, Abhishek of the video, from tomorrow we will make a time table, what mom watches at mom's place, what papa watches and  Every baddie should watch. Mom is also busy watching. Mom, she is watching. The food is being prepared. This food is being prepared. She is cooking this one. If you haven't drank it, then you have made a lot of useless things. There should be an added value, isn't the suit being watched?  Her saree is being seen, her mother is watching, father is watching, her brother, sir, family, you tell the children like this, I will tell you what I have seen, then you will have to tell what you have seen, then it is not bullying, it is democracy, it is family, we will see such a thing which  A family defending on r ahead and skill and uncle and live stage they improve so d papa ji also improve d mummy ji also improve d son ji daughter ji and check and  Order and tell your kids, you also see my phone, if ever, when I can see mine, I can also see a little, what have you seen, how much have you seen, its limit and what is Shikha, make a diary today, we saw this content, anything  6 hours, 4 hours, 3 hours and then see your pattern in a month, you will know that you have to confiscate the mobile phones of your children and repeatedly tell them, do n't do, whatever you say, now I will tell everyone.  band  Do it and don't think about elephant ok don't think about elephant don't think about elephant so what what is coming in your mind you know what is coming in your mind only that will come and nothing else will come other than that so don't give it to me don't do this to me don't do this to me What you do what you do and monitor date and cup n record today 4 hours show and you start de father d mother hoon it listening you start  Brother of With Yourself, first I am starting my own, what should I do and then I will see and after that I will make this thing a topic of discussion and then let's see what we do It's very important you do things probably different from guaranteed not  is to separate