The same Indian Manner Traveling Special in North Indian Hello friends, today my topic will be interesting, it has to be seen by girls and women and also by men and those who have become elderly and are a little further ahead also have to see it and because  This struggle is becoming more of a young generation and is feeling a journey, so tell me something about it. It is going to be an interesting topic, before that I am going to tell you one thing in this video. Whoever has seen my old videos, I  Today at the beginning I want to ask, do I consider you a feminist, then type me F. Do I consider you a mail shop list, meaning the reality that I consider myself, that I am the reality that is the reality, the one who catches the reality, the one who understands.  Okay, this is me from my side, if I have a problem, then he should be the mirror, now he is showing me as he is, this is what I think about me, what do you think about me, please write because look at me, so wonderful with so much effort. No one is making different topics Arya and there are so many comments, 500-1000 people are discussing, 42 people reply on one comment, ' I am so happy' has been a topic of discussion in the society, ' I am not taking credit for'.  D Content Content Can Be Debateable Gold Bed Next All that is fine but to start this discussion because someone has been in my mind all day, you all have brains, we are discussing it together  Stress is coming out like a pressure cooker, so today I am going to tell about men, why do men feel that they are traveling and why are they traveling, we will discuss about this for 30-40 years.  I will not go earlier because then it will be too old, but I take a period of 20 years, if you are from North India, especially in South, it is applicable in East and West, it is applicable everywhere, our women. Our women said sorry, later today I will not use the word woman, I have already made some posts even from home, it was my mistake, okay I will speak women, I will speak women power, okay our women have upgraded a lot in the last 20 years, quite a lot  We have learned a lot of things, did many things differently and men have not done anything. Men are what we are, I understand that if some percentage of men knew how to cook 20 years ago, then the percentage is not big, although the valley would be big.  No, it's okay, a professional man can do it, he doesn't cook, if I get money, I will do it, he does n't give advice, okay, second thing, he knew how to drive a car first, he came to do it less than the bank, he didn't know how to do it, no financial literacy is big.  Okay, but women have learned to do all these things including doing jobs, plus these basic things would have been less if you had seen 20 years ago how many women could work or ride a scooter or be independent.  They can travel, they can reduce their bank charges, they can reduce their internet charges, if the internet is less then it is good, they will progress very fast in many places and due to this, their dependency has been reduced and so has reduced the practicality in their life, but man is a  On the default setting, the same thing that I want is that my father should have the same nuisance in my mother's life, now that is not there, otherwise the need of man in the life of woman is over her last period.  20 years reduced, a lot of things started coming to the house. What used to happen earlier, it was considered that a man will bring the goods, it is okay that women will eat. Today, your Swiggy is your Zomato, your Flipkart is your Amazon, your whole system is there.  Do you know that everything is fine especially in big cities, so everything is being brought to the house, the man is having less money, now the money is yours and the woman is also fine, now men are not able to understand that it is the one who got the first one.  It is said that a woman is under control, that was a completely good factor in her, which is irritating today, I have heard it in weddings, I have heard it through word of mouth in counselling, you are a boy in consultation, the other one is an old man, a 20 year old model.  Hey, I do n't know how to keep myself, I am a slave, what did I tell you, I am the reality, I am the mirror of the society, I must be seeing you, oh brother, you are a man because your wife was very dependent, now you want women again.  It should be like that, women should not press the internet buttons, sorry then woman, do that, you will be garbage in my house, no people, you came, so sorry but I have improved, okay women, women are okay, women, now they cannot go to that level because their level has become here. And in case of pregnancy, there is no contribution of [ __ ] in child rearing, pregnancy will happen, it is okay to give that book, I do n't know the syllabus, I have to change the pampers, I don't have to do it, it's full.  Start giving to men, men yourself, if your wife will not have your retirement, there will not be much, now money, wish, this par for D course, power for D course, do you understand what is the term of golf, those who play golf know it.  It would also be that in a golf course, if a man takes 68 like after playing 9 holes and 18 holes, then how many strokes does he complete? What is the average? What is called par, then it is not considered a great thing, if par is there then it means.  If you do it then it is fine, you will understand the goal, but you have to Google it, but there is an English saying that if you have less money, then you will not be able to do less than that, because you have to earn that money too, so basically a man is a man, he is a rondhu.  People Rondhu Mal, what is the promise of marriage? Demand can supply, two-three Kareenas, they are not our girls, now think about it, their own energy is coming which is taking revenge from you and now taking it from the boys.  You are the one who has become a boy, not us, it has become normal for us, no problem, everyone has to see it in the society, okay then stop crying, first of all I am a man and earn a lot of money because this is the only thing you can do properly. Okay, if you can't earn money in the house, you can't earn money, start reducing it in the house, you will have to do it and do it by crying, be happy, I am telling you a simple thing, then the desire for money was considered a very great thing, giving bread to a man is the first thing.  Hot bread, hot bread because brother, in a poor country  A man has come with less money, in those years, governments were being formed, emergency was falling, sometimes Janata Party was there, sometimes this party was a poor country, when there was a poor country and a poor country, then the value of money was also considered a big value for the level.  There used to be some government clerk too, he didn't have such feeling. I am not criticizing anyone, today someone can say that, but today I am telling about one level, as an example, if you are a blacksmith employee in the government system.  The  So your value was great in your family, uncle has come, father has come, son has come and not by doing like this today, everything will have to be done properly because now the times have changed, the world will be like this till now you say something cute in some metro section and it  Look at the life of those boys who are not understanding and having a little understanding, the syllabus has become so bad for boys and men, if they have even a little understanding then their life will be ruined or they will be condemned.  Do it again and you have to criticize women, you have to criticize women, you have to criticize ladies, you will enjoy it, all the girls are like this, these are like this, these are like this, keep reading, no one is getting impressed, keep crying, I am the boy's.  Mom, I have become a 32 year old boy, I said, did you separate the house, no, that is not wrong, it is not going to be a big irritation, spending money on the boy, look at the expenses, you will have to pay for the boy, even if you think too much that he is a boy, then you will earn something.  You will also buy a house for her and then whatever you used to get from her earlier, she also does not get anything. How many comments do you get? The girl did this, she filed a case of harassment, she filed a case against you, so she did something like this, is n't it?  You must have done something, you must have tried, you did n't harass her and she filed a false case, so why did you bother her? Tell me, I assumed that girls' people make false cases and I did. But are girls so crazy that you  didn't do anything You are a cow and they are filing a case, you are so crazy, I don't think that there is a shame in the society that brother, now a days Namaste is not given that much, if the boy is earning less than Rs. 1 lakh, he gives something to his parents or my parents. Among them, I am poor, I am the first one, I have the responsibility, so if the girl is less than ₹ 80000 and she would have spent up to 6-7-8000, then why are you feeling so angry, brother, this is what I am telling you, then why is there a fight, girl? from girl  Why is it being asked that your income is this, it will go to eat, there is a problem in giving you money, according to me, this is my personal opinion, I will make a video on this also, if you want, then tell me, normally one should not take money from children, it is compulsion, it is poverty, it is Hari.  If it is an illness, it is an emergency, that is a different matter, okay, but such a matter of right cannot be taken by the parents that you have put it in, now you have to get out of it, this is most wrong, okay, normally it should not be done, if you want a longer video then I will make it. You write to her on the comment section as to why the blame is put on the next generation, the girl will do it again, otherwise you are the daughter-in-law, you will be ours, now your earnings will also be from here, it will not happen that the earnings of both of them will be separate.  If this is your competition then these things have started happening. What is the competition going on inside the house these days? Why is that problem? What is the problem Rakhi? It is better not to reduce the competition. You don't do it either, I don't do it either, you eat, I too do.  This should not happen, she doesn't even do this, this has happened, there is only one reason for this, either cry or start doing something or the other, and I, all the mothers of ours, especially those of boys, request them with folded hands, brother, teach them how to eat and drink something.  If one remains unmarried for 21 to 27 years then he will be able to support himself otherwise he will eat the dirt from outside. I will tell you about the dependency tomorrow because the more dependency there is, the more one will cry on that day.  Men have to make their beds, clean the bathroom, dry their towels, iron their clothes or take care of the pressed clothes and cook some food. Newshunt of Women in Your Life I am also telling this and  I know some people among you, like those who live in military schools etc. and those who live in hostels etc., as soon as they are stand-up comedians, they are tough guys, okay, I don't mean like that, but I mean like this. When women have reduced their dependency on men, then women have reduced their dependency on men. It will take time, it will be done in two-four videos, it's okay and if those who code me are listening, then see that I try. I am trying my best. Note, don't date me, please don't kill me, it is okay, it is okay if we live in the house, then when a man will reduce his dependency on other women and if he has to reduce the number of women, then what will be left will be love. Everything else is a compulsion, remember that when the woman has less money, the man has less money, the woman can survive without the man, the man can also survive without the woman, but if they still live together with love, then that is love.  Love is the meaning of Intellect, desire for companionship and growth is respect, you people are busy in controlling the vices, you don't want money, stay at home, I will earn money and take account of every single rupee and then everything in the house will be given to you.  You will have to roam around like this and spoil your body that if I do less outside, how will the house run? If I do less at home, isn't it a contribution? Monetize the work you do at home. Would you press the clothes yourself? If you press the clothes yourself, then it will cost you Rs. Put Rs 500 for a piece of cloth. If you do sweeping, mopping and utensils then put Rs 2003 2005 thousand like this. Is it ok? If you teach children then put Rs 34000 for that. Okay, whatever you do is less.  Write it down, monetize it and tell me how much it is - 10000, 15000, 15000. Then you have to see whether you want to become a person earning 10 to 15000 or you can do a job of 40-45000 because every lady or woman starts with a job of 30 thousand.  Will it cost only Rs 50-60-80 thousand? No children, the earlier children go to school at the age of 3-4 years, you also go to school.  You can reduce it, you can also do something, do not hold the children, this 15 year old child, if this child is a girl and she is also built like you, then put her in the Holmes Science class and then why her?  If you are trying to become an IAS or want to become an engineering doctor or something else, then you should maintain it in the same way. This is to be asked by those who have girls, if it is okay with them, then these men who are worried are only because of one thing like this. I am worried, he is sumrising  I am ending the video by saying that brother, as many women were under control earlier and the word 'control' will control them, I am not as much now and why was they under control because the dependency was more, now the dependency is less, now you can do anything, the society will level that dependency.  This cannot happen, the law has become tight, the situation of demand and supply is doing the workout anyway because that net which used to detect sex in the stomach, that technology had not come in the fifties and sixties when it came. Then there was feticide, so whatever government gave the data, the sex ratio may actually be in the 90s, in some places like North India, Western UP or wherever, Punjab or Delhi is also very bad, okay? How many men are there at that time, how many women are there, then it is a matter of demand and supply. If girls are written on everything, boys have studied everything, they study less, earn less and no one is selecting them. If they have to be selected then  Those who have thought in their mind that the level will have to fall, they do not want to fall and even if they fall, it is not that they have come to the level, someone is performing the aarti like this, then this one is not decreasing, which was the habit, wasn't it?  They have come after doing things like this, these things are not happening now brother, it was a habit to be worshiped, it is okay to become God, this is the problem of becoming aparmeshwar, to become aparmeshwar, to become aparmeshwar, the position was earlier in the default setting, God was the God.  so it was fun  Hot bread, hot food, house, complete set, clean things and what pride was there among those women, there was competition among each other, my house, Dada Saheb, go to your house, I keep everything good, I keep this to prevent infection from above. Okay, let's stand up today, who is the mother-in-law, no one listens to her, so poor Sansa wants to listen, but poor thing, her syllabus has changed and the boys say, Mummy, what has happened, it means it is our turn, Papa, so  Have so much fun, okay, I got to enjoy, okay, I will tell you these things without any stress, I feel bad, I feel good, tell me if I enjoy, tell me, is n't it my intention that the boys you see have become ronemal, a little new has happened with you too.  This is not even the beginning of what has happened to women, do you know that in this country women were burnt to death, do you know that headlines were made about dowry harassment [music] An accident has happened, but it used to happen in India, this is a  Is it a fact or not, tell me, it is true right now, it is not like that, Ishu is still alive but he is not of the same level, so you are not even 1/1000th of what you have with men, the pain of burning the body, are you?  Thousands of people have also passed in his van, start crying from now on, so weak, so weak, start crying from now, so it is up to you to see, bear a little, reduce a little, reduce dependency and whatever little is hetero sexual or metro sexual. Cosmopolitan is the English terms, there will be such kind of boys, brother, they will live in peace and they will be in demand and the rest who consider themselves to be men, they will just remain men and they will not get anything other than that, nor will they be different from themselves. Open the arena from here and everyone will be yours there. Keep crying as if because of your writing, someone like you is going to be like you. Now brother, I am saying it again and again. By doing this, I was under control, was n't I, and who was under control. How unfortunate are the women who were under control, they are also suffering when their sons say that we used to live in so many houses, if we were under control, we would have saved the house, now those who want to settle down after controlling them, Okay, I don't want to settle down, okay, don't do it according to the scale, how much did I get, okay, how much did you get today, how much will I get in the future [music] Okay, you will come under control, please share this video, society  Make people aware and discuss about the dhaba in the comment section below. I had asked for feedback in the beginning. If you have an opinion about yourself then please give whatever opinion you feel because I also want you to know what impression I am making. Okay, from my side, I am a reality, I am just showing a mirror to me, do n't leave your opinion, here I have not told you even once what is good, because those who follow Sanatan Dharma, there are some good and bad.  No, there are only actions and consequences, there is nothing else if you don't like the consequences which man is not linking you have to change the action you can't change the action Bhai humse toh nahi hota to de accept karna ok hai meaning song dal ke anar ka juice If you don't get it then spread the juice of the song, happiness and clarity also please share please subscribe please comment thank you very much  mech