Hello friends, my movie series has been launched in which I had told about Pushpa movie in the movie series video one, people enjoyed it a lot and I had promised in it that if people want good reviews then I will tell the movie series so that the movie can be based on it.  What do we, such Indian audience, have to learn and what have we taught wrong and should we change? So today my second topic is the exam of the movie Clear, I will not mention the names, there are movies of many others and in that I will also touch on friendship.  Friends, what have we understood as friends, friendship is very overrated and friends, I will prove that, don't get dropped in the beginning that hey friends, if I was the eldest, then I am going to prove you wrong. Watch the video till the end and I am with you.  Chhodeng Chhodeng Dum Magar, that Sholay movie, which song is that by Amitabh Bachchan and he means we are the ones who talk about friendship, he shows us friendship in the movies in such a way that it is a great thing. In 2002, after a lot of consultations and sharing the pain of people, after reaching Astrologer Family Counselor Marital, I am saying one thing responsibly and I will try to start it and you people will tell whether I have succeeded or not. Did you like such a topic? Not only that friendship is a very overrated thing, if you are too dependent on your friends then it will affect your quality of life and you will go to many places, this is a topic I know.  That this message will disturb many people in the beginning, OK but just have patience, you share mute and Guntur start from the movie showed that friends, this is a matter of massage, there is nothing above a friend, if you like the movies carefully and  Mostly at that time, where there was no bottleneck of friendship, there was dysfunctional family, there was no family either, the child was orphan, now if the child is orphan then he will depend on friend's tips or  21 heroes were friends and both of them were actually small time criminal types who used to do wrong things here and there and used to play luffander baazi, wherever luffander baazi took place, there was a requirement of friendship. Okay, and then how did you go ahead and write that?  Used to go to the sacrifice that both of them love the same girl, then one used to say, "Come on, I am a fast friend, I am leaving you, you get married. There are many movies based on such polythenes."  It is made and told us a lot that if the friend does not come with you then this cream will be useful to you. People are famous for the fact that it is not with you but with your friend that it responds with the speed of your family and relationships and when.  You have been born into some family or compulsion is compulsion, it is like Singh, if one of my four tires gets punctured, then I have kept mine by typing unlimited likes so that it can be shared with you.  There are relationships, people do not put left hand on them, take the end of friendship script, maybe friends are also going to be among the Gujjars, I will tell you one main reason, Hi, I am against this friendship business, the need of friendship is not made against the minute things that this  What kind of relationship is this? This is the only relationship of friendship. Your friend is your friend as long as your friend believes that he is your friend. The day he said no.  Katti, my friend has ended the relationship, it's a pretty look, isn't the relationship that you have put emotions in for 10-20 years, definitely there has been some trouble, the friendship has ended, Tapan Das, champagne cannot come in relationships, father said that he can, then you did not agree, I am powerful, you don't say  It is possible, but I am a son, I have done all that, only one relationship can technically be broken and that too with the wife, there is a lot of conflict, such a big alley, it is not easy in the money court. People are not putting that much ads on those relationships to break the relationships. What I am saying is that these are the topics that I am bringing. What I am saying in this note is important, its topics are important. This society is not discussing these things. You should know this.  You have to show it to many of your children and if your children are playing with many friends then you should know the APN that you are you that I am also not doing the responsibility properly, one should not remain in the circle of written friends because  Ultimately people are using the word friend, people forget to use well-wishers, we also need advisors from the very beginning, button friends are being given too much importance, friend tips are mostly superficial, I improve you, whatever is your circle of friends. In that, you should talk politely without abusing, behave like you do with normal people, why start doing this, write what you will say, it's amazing what happened.  Then it changed, hey how are you talking, start talking about any work, give them a lot of knowledge, you have become very knowledgeable, now many of you will still do the job, we are expecting counter comments but genuinely, how are you feeling?  Do you want to tell me something that this friendship which has been shown to be great all through and in all the movies is very overrated, there was a wall picture on their relationship, there were two brothers in that too, so they were shooting each other in the police.  He was a gangster but he was running with each other, there was no element of friendship, so in the same way, if you have a brother, then you should be the eldest friend of yours, then brother should also be a brother, brother is a sister, so sister should be the eldest friend of the one.  Even if you don't have brothers and sisters, you have wives too. Being a friend who is bigger than you, you should be closer than your brothers and sisters. Okay, you have a lot of space left in that friendship, so brothers and sisters are ahead, parents are next, mother-in-law is next, father-in-law is next. Talking about brother-in-law systems and brother-in-law and sister-in-law, their number is also there, so I don't think it is in number only, after this the energy increases, some have a lot of desire to make friends, yes sometimes talk to someone, pass time with someone.  You used to laugh while doing your job, your time was passing, they are not called friends because definition is going on with friends, people just drink alcohol, have a lesson and joke and the day you stop doing this work with them.  If your friendship ends then tell me then yes on a meaningless relationship, the milk is such a relationship where you are mute country, he is contributing, together you are becoming a more valuable person in your eyes and follow that growth story.  If you are, then how friendly is it because I am against the way the mode is being understood, it is a deep video for you to understand, this is the mentor who is from Momentum Shubh Guru Mentor.  Friends, that is a very big thing of yours, he is guiding, so friends debt is the definition of the friends, he is wrong, oil in the friendship business, he will help, he will help me, so I helped him, will help, will help, how much to buy insurance policy.  It's 2012, how much health insurance do you need, how much life insurance have you purchased, how much money are you paid if a person dies, whether one, two or three policies are your father, mother, brother-sister.  Brother-in-law, clean clothes, child, isn't it less that now when you feel that you need a friend, then all the friends are left, if only friends, if not only this one, then there are people whose affairs are like this, then this should be heard in life.  No one but me cares and brothers of 1995 block, this is us, invest our emotions in them, because why did I have to make a video, because friendships break, people's pain is different because he used to talk to them about small things, now he will go on and tell stories. My friend was Meena means in between girls 21 years 18 19 22 years old is sad because her friend left her for fasting and pure now right or someone's first left her or boy in boy this under 25 so many people are confused.  Hey you are Mrs. I, you have to make a career in your life, do your velvet, increase your likes, you are trapped in the circle of friendship, I am just Vikas, I am in love with you, do some job with you.  He has been there, he is a friend, he was a friend, I understood in the hop, you will not be able to confuse me, this topic has gone a little deeper, I know that most of the audience will not be able to understand, will not be able to understand, I understand that my audience is there, if they can understand.  You write in the comment section that what I have told will help you understand. So I will tell you a little more on this, but I am definitely going to tell you that this is a concept too, it is a concept, it is like this, but the pain is more.  It is not worth it. If you have to take pain from relationships and set them up for that, please take pain from your parents, take pain from your wife, headache from your husband, take pain from your brother, because that pain is still there.  Still some will batter you because he can't run away from you long term and if he is giving you pain then you can continue that period and relationship will continue with friends there is nothing you take money from your brother ₹5 salvation  And don't think that he can't run away from him that you are not my brother, try this with friends and see what happens, okay, that's why I am explaining that energy is less today, don't do this in friendship networking. Don't call it friendship to take benefit from each other. Be very clear in your mind that yes, this is my associate, this is my business associate, I have some work to do, come on, like, of course, we have kept pure well wisher beneficial and beneficial for years. Well wisher and acquaintance, do n't put these words in friendship, you are right, don't put these things, there are many words different from friendship, it is very-very overrated, it is strategic partnership in relationship, we call it brother, many people call it friends, you are my brother.  Is it a brother or sister that your mother has given birth to or is it a sister that you wish your mother had given birth to? Okay, don't put those relationships down.  Just because friends, do you have to move up or do you have to do it, blood relations are very important, they are more important, unfortunately, if many suits are going on in someone's family life, then this thing is also needed for the pressure cooker to whistle but you  Can't exist audience, can't exist people, can't and should not lose there life in friends, reverse simple reason is that friendship can end with one hit, nothing else can end.  In such a situation, I, as an investor, do not invest in such a thing, which means that it is okay if the program ends after a while because no other relationship is broken. I hope you guys can understand this in a larger way and I am trying to crush someone's beat system.  Even if you have done something and it has pain, then you will get positive way. I want your problems, they are coming to me very genuinely. People are wasting a lot of time in the pursuit of friendship, so much to do in life, okay.  Hai And Vic And Collectively Add Uday Together If You Like What Is An You Like And Times Eminem Dost 10 Min And Dost Still Not Being A In Some Form Of Not Touch Without Calling Meter's Friendship Then Thank You