Hello friends, today's topic will be why one should not eat ready food. The audience is middle class. Address them. This is a very deep topic. Women also have to see it. It is a business opportunity. Middle class has to see it. It is very simple to forward it to your children. I am not going to tell you like you are thinking, good, good, clean, no, good, I will tell you all the patterns, you will also see the class, you will also see what is happening in India, micro economics, you will see the microwave, you will see it in every way and it is very important that  Earlier, if someone just boarded the bus and said, ' Hey, this is good for the economy, what are you doing, you are kicking the stomach of the poor, after eating this food, please eat the whole food, then whatever you want to write, isn't it Rolling?  One has to write big messages, those who do not write big messages, it becomes clear that the person has not watched the entire video, that too is a fact, okay, so you watch it completely, the subject is that in big cities as well as in small ones.  Do not eat full meal. I will differentiate it a little from the street food as it is given a romantic shape and tell you the reasons. You must have seen there are hundreds of YouTube channels of food bloggers, that is this ready food, this ready food is that ready ka.  Food, I am telling you by holding them, I am not kicking them in the stomach, I am addressing a particular class of them, which is my audience, the middle class, the person driving a rickshaw, doing labor, who is completely  Day reduces 12 14 18 hours, even a stone will save him, I am not talking about him, if you are such a person, then eat something, you can play a lot, I am not talking for those, I am not even talking for those who live in a room.  I keep knowing that he has a toilet because what is the harm to him? What is wrong? Talking about him, the one who does not have a choice will eat and should eat, but brother of the factories, you all watch that video. Hygiene is this.  Extremely bad, no thing can be cleaned with water, it is okay, which authority is it, the Food Standards Authority of India, it has no criteria, in the name of taste, you are eating chemicals, MSC works, you are eating dirty oil, this is what you are doing when you are 20.  You are doing this less, you are doing it in teams, it is okay to send your children too, you are taking a loan from your body, you should think that from the future income, if you are taking a loan from the bank today, then it will be less.  If you are buying food for less than ₹ 100, then anyway you can't get omelette, even ready food is so expensive, ready food is no longer cheap, if you actually go and see it in the country, it would be great, would n't it be when bloggers show that yes, this is very good.  Non is very tasty, Omelet, its etc Tikki, if Amul's Dal is there, then everything will become tasty, add it to anything, you add it to anything as per nine calories but grams, I am also going to give the solution.  Do n't think that I will go away crying, I will tell you exactly what should be done if this should not be done, if you don't watch till the end of the video, because just by discussing the problem, you are also giving the meaning solution, no cleanliness at all, what food, what things.  There is a discussion about the food that is served in it, what is its issue, but the things in which the food is served, we can see that it is made of aluminum and what kind of stuff is there, it is okay, poly propelin and the glass is like this. They are all low, very unhin Hindi Bhai Yash, he will give him the same thing in the rate, he cannot give you the facility of a fine dining restaurant, whenever you are eating food like this, you are automatically keeping him at the same level.  There should be a comfort in eating food, which can never be found ready because you cannot sit. Secondly, there is dust and dirt, everything is going on, there are animals, there is a dirty drain behind, there is dirty oil and the person who is cooking is also visible.  there are few people  You will get distracted but you have to tell things to someone. Friend, tell me one thing. Where does the ready person go to the washroom? He must be there for four-five-six-eight hours continuously. It is called nature, where does he wash? Just think, now people are debating on this too.  Will you do it? What is the guarantee in your hotel? What is the guarantee? There is no guarantee anywhere. Man Lee. It is clean inside. I am from this place. There is one thing which can be very bad. In some form, I am from five.  There can be a mess in a star hotel too, but with my own eyes I can see what I am talking about. He is cleaning it again and again with the same cloth. He may be taking utensils, who else can give him poison, Rakhi should also be given to the tea vendors.  There is a very romantic fight, there is stress, whatever you are putting inside, brother, it is the same program, what has to be done, I will also tell you that first, let us set this thing, you can see what is being eaten, how is the plate, how is it being washed. What is ₹100 doing? This is pav bhaji.  Now better than this, you will say again, this is promoting junk food, this is also this, so eat the rust of the British, at least it is clean, the seating area inside is clean and at least it is visible too.  Those who are making it clean inside, although in the war, that one is not advocating for food, but you see like there are some brands, if you take their names then they will say that you have typed from them but as if you know. Haldiram Om Sweets of Bikaner, these or those are of this type, it means that I am not promoting them in part, they are not of that type, I am like the name is A, so I am telling you, brother, it is still a bit of collection, I am calling them a little battery as well.  I am fine but there is a difference in the price but there is no such difference in price, I am trying to say that eat while sitting, at least eat peacefully, eat this ready food on the go, this is not good for health.  Do you want an alternative choice? There is a huge business opportunity for women here because there is always a women's hygiene factory, she cannot do any wrong. If she is born a woman, then she cannot do as much wrong as a man does. Her sense of duty is absolutely professional.  There are monitors, CCTVs are installed, that pen is kept here, keep the glass pen in hand, some four people are going to watch, the hotel management is the supervisor, they are there, only then their system gets fixed. And put this and do this, hey, if you are of that age, you will not have any problem, your digestive power will do it, but brother, you who sit in one mimosa are out, okay, tell me one thing, Maggi will also cost you ₹ 60.  Do you want to eat something from a stall outside, make it at home, friend, make arrangements somewhere in the kitchen, make tea, eat conflict, drink milk and gradually it tastes tasty, I am telling you people in a practical way.  When anyone wants to buy a vegetable from outside or wants to buy it for himself, then he buys a cabbage, a little potato, a little bean, a ladyfinger, whatever item he wants to buy, seeing that it is not a street, I do n't know from where he gets it.  He is giving you a thing worth 70-80 ₹ 100, he has to grease it with all the spices and ghee oil, the actual nutrition in it is zero, it is better than this, if you are listening to me like you, boy. Even girls are listening these days, no one knows much about cooking, they cannot cook like mommy does. If you steam the vegetables and put Amul butter on it, add a little chat masala or normal red chilli powder and normal cheese.  Their taste will be very good, I am telling you this small thing in a practical way, I do n't even like bread, very high quality multigrain bread, I see it here, you want it, you get made bread, you get two bread pieces. Putting egg 120 rupees 130 Dhaba's mayonnaise in dirty news, anyway I am from, should not eat, should not eat even the good one, but this is a dirty one, dirty sauce of that party, by doing this, adding go chips in it, and that.  People are eating all that. Hey brother, you will get a lot of multigrain bread of the highest quality 60 70 6570 8075 in your home. Got Puri bread, isn't it so big, it can be jugaad all day long. Take good quality jam. I have to. Children who are 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 18 years old, studying outside or eating all these places, feel hungry again and again.  -This thing is not made often, I know this thing is good and the big man does it, go and get the laddus, winter is coming, mummy, there is such a big box, eat it as per your hunger and drink good milk from somewhere.  He says something after heating it in his house, 160 means two breads, there is something in it, he beats his ass while standing, hey brother, how many people have you made here, just think in 160, if two boys stay here, then the whole day I am giving you solutions here.  I am giving practical to the people and when you do this with your hands then eating food with your hands is the best actually because you have washed your hands, how to wash them, what is the status, you know the fun of it is different.  And I am very happy and with love and affection I want to tell all the children that please start making this little by little, friend, just like you make little by little, keep your toaster, he also wants to send it like this, which is being done by Tantra Ready.  What is that ready guy, what do you say, he has come from hotel management, he is such a boy and I have one more problem, please tell me, is my problem right or wrong, don't class me up, but I am telling you. Momos become meat, the girl with momos will marry him, he comes on a motorcycle, how much money do you earn, the one with moves, a good punch, so many, he says, I am 30-40, that means I am working somewhere, so all of them are demeaning, they are from somewhere.  Our brother is not poor by Rs 1.5 lakh, he is less by Rs 1.5 lakh, he is giving more trouble, you people will say that the economy will get bad, hey the economy is bad then take liquor, take cigarettes, even with that the economy seems better. And eat all the dirt, go to the hospital, the economy of the hospital is also good, then the medical insurance is also good, but I am saying this, the economy is not debated like this, if you are happy, your stomach is happy, your family is happy, your life span will be longer, your productivity will increase more.  You will be happy and this will also lead to GDP growth. Girls who are fighting these wars these days, no one will say now I am a doctor, this has a direct relation with the fact that the child will not be born, you people will say no, they did not study them.  Scientific man, are you a doctor? Can you be a woman? She is not a doctor. Brother, what kind of research is being done. And because the research that is done is done in foreign countries and there is not much done, this is also a fact.  Indian doctors and Indian medical science don't do it anyway, but any doctor who is a huge audience of mine, if it has anything to do with it then tell me friend, it must have something to do with it. Last time I made a video, many doctors had written in it that whatever you are saying.  hee Absolutely right so I am asking all these doctors, nine is it a good thing, what happens to the colon, what happens to your gut health, what happens to everything, 25 year old children, 24 year old, 22 year old piles, these are the diseases which happen in middle age or old age.  It comes later when the actual digestive health becomes better and the adopted type of thing is coming at this time. Where are you saving everything? Even if you have to eat out, eat the ₹400, ₹500 thing, don't eat the ₹100-150 thing, it will cost you ₹250 extra. I am not saying that it is absolutely great, but you will earn a lot from this.  If you eat outside even for 20 days, it will cost you Rs 50 thousand. If you are taking a salary of Rs 80 thousand, then you can't earn more money. You can go with your fruits. Yes, there is alternative health, you become an editor with them, you chatter like this, Momos are the most rubbish, you find someone who is superior in dining, the ingredients inside are not being mixed, they pick rubbish like cabbage and serve it and add such dirty chutney and  They put it fast and people go away laughing at it, tell me, after watching this video, how many of you will see this food, it is a food, in the old times there was Kachori somewhere.  There is a chart somewhere, she is running smoothly, that is a different thing, we have to see who she is, the name is clear and if you go once or twice a month then it is okay, I am not asking her to go to that level.  Well, just like someone is famous in Varanasi, someone is famous in Agra, someone is famous in Mathura, in the same way, they all show the old ones, their system is different and you will see that proper shop and hygiene there, I am a ready person.  Against Chowmin Chowmin is Chowmin, where is that cabbage coming from, that oil is visible, it is smelling and I know for sure that it is useless but there is no one to tell it to the children because it is just that and I am saying this brother, it is not even cheap. Either this happens, we are absolutely poor and we are getting this absolutely free and we know it is dirty, but hey brother, check the rate, you can get your money at 110th of the cost of what you are spending here.  You can make the same thing at home, however, how much will you eat at home because if it is one then it is of war because you should come to eat rice and make your normal sandwich, you should come to normal Maggi and keep it with your turmeric food, keep bed fruits.  Whatever vegetables I told you about, take good vegetables like paneer etc. from a good place and eat them comfortably like boiled type and have the same Amul in it, whatever taste is coming, what is that fat?  Put your fat in front of you, put paper on it, take some glitter, black pepper etc., whatever kind of thing it is and thanks to you, you too will be fine and eat your stable food and if you want to eat like that then Brother, I openly tell North Indians that every second or third day they will go anywhere and find a clean place. I agree, but brother, it is worth it because when that disease comes, what is the cost of kidney? What is the cost of your liver? Do you get coldra? You got typhoid. Due to typhoid, your body is exhausted. Study and travel are the reasons for travelling. You can become this and become this and cannot become that. How friend, tell me the thing, many people will say to me, no, I cannot afford it.  You can do it, brother, at what cost, see, I am telling you with an example, if you are sick, your earning potential, productivity does not travel due to illness, how much money you become a man in a day, if you are sick.  So if you can prevent ₹ 500 then you will accept that at least it is small, it means that if there are some students too, then it will cost them too. Ok, there is the cost of education too, some can make it in life, if not, then don't do all this, many parents know this.  Not only this, they don't even ask what their children are eating and drinking, they send them to college, they send them to PG, it is posted somewhere, send them a video, send them an alternative, give them a choice, first of all, send them after packing back a lot so that Children are also staying away, go in a month and this one is made of dry fruits and the one she makes, ladies, keep different types of food for your children so that whenever needed, they can eat theirs. Child Mukherjee is studying.  I am feeling hungry in the city, I am eating inside instead of going out, what does it mean to have something in my house, eat yours, I will start making some more and this one I am making is of very good quality multigrain because I know it.  knows how to knead and make bread and that  The children will not know what I am doing, so I do this and that, there is nothing involved in that too. We make parathas, do it yourself, we can do all the work, when the child who is not educated can do it, there is nothing and by doing it like this, he has achieved something with his hands.  -He is doing something, where did he learn from, what course did he do, then why can't you learn, two-three charges are being made, someone knows something, someone knows something, you make it by doing duty, friend.  I'll make it, I'll make it today  You people get rid of stress not only in making but also in entertainment, time also passes and best of all you have control. When you make slowly, you will gain speed but if it is like mom's then give 20 minutes time.  I am there, she will put chaddha there, she will give rice here, she will give chaddha here, gundegi comes from gundegi, then if she is making something, she will cut salad, she will do it like this, in 20 minutes, she will do chutney, papad, pickle, curd or raita, put one vegetable and roti and  Put a little desi ghee on it and a nice hot 20 price in a minute. If you ask someone to make it these days, they can't even make a sandwich in this minute, then they go out and stand there eating like this. Hey, only when you make it, the speed will be there.  If you learn to drive in the beginning then what is the point? If you don't learn to drive then what song can you listen to? One should not talk on the phone but one can talk to the passenger anyway. All the tension is there for him. By doing this When you go to drive, the gear changes, you talk, you look left and right, thoughts come, you listen to songs, you even talk, you feel comfortable, neither did you go nor did you go home.  Ask your mother and all these friends, read this, read this, daughter, love, read this, son, read this, after doing this, you are getting 30-40 jobs and are smelling bad, so you cannot leave the job and stay at home.  I don't know about any woman's whereabouts about my child, okay, let me tell you one more thing, these three lakh people are eating too fast, this should also be told, I will also tell you that if they don't spend money then they would have eaten, then the way the country is going forward, there will be trouble in it.  There is a big reason why a man knows zero and a woman knows a little, she does not want to make it, saying that she eats heavily, give a lot of importance to this thing, please spread the video, this is an honorarium, it takes effort to bring topics related to the society. How do you guys like the effect? Please tell because spread awareness and only then it will happen. You all know it is useless, so why are you eating it? No, he is also eating, this one is also eating, all by confirmation is not right, the creator is not right, making.  The person's hygiene is not good, no one is keeping him free from infection, nothing is happening to him, there is no testing, there is no accounting, that is, you mean Gari, when he has been eating filth for 7-8 years, isn't it 20?  From 27 to 28, your program is set very strong and no one will promote it on YouTube. Hospital people will also have fun. Medical insurance people will also have fun. Do n't you give it to the public? What do they say, economy and then cigarettes are also very good.  The government gets a lot of tobacco and tax, then if that government does something good for you people, then you don't even need a cigarette every day because there is a text box on cigarette, it is like liquor, the highest tax is on liquor.  If something else has to happen, that is, whenever a liquor taxi runs in the country, it is okay, this is not a logic because drinking and consuming one thing also has a lot of impact on productivity, okay, somewhere the government will have to monitor this. Ready Business  If anyone comes and installs it anywhere then it should definitely be built in front of the schools. It should definitely be built in front of the schools and colleges so that our children will not eat dirt. There should be a proper canteen there. Proper hygiene should be maintained there.  There should be the duty of school management or college management and now see, when the country was poor, these things did not happen then, now we have to change, if you watch all my videos, they are for the change that is happening in our times the thought process.  That was fine for a time, now it is 2023, it has been 75 years of independence, now we have to change at all levels and if we have to question everything and collect information about everything, then just  Because it was going on min date earlier, it will continue like this in future also, so please share this video, thank you.