Hello friends, in the React Reaction series, I have brought a very interesting video named y1 Price of real estate in terms and cities in India are high and women have any scam. I will tell you three takeoffs, so till the end you will stay connected to the real estate seller.  We always send a play list without telling any story, we don't verify that thing that much and the reason behind that is that the date given for the kidnapping seems very soft and correct, so one listen is enough.  It is being told a lot these days that whenever something goes up, sorry automatically comes in it. Our job is to see through those stories, only then our investment in real estate will always be right, hence this  Video: If you guys have understood then my efforts are left to explain it very well, we will chat completely but if you guys have understood this video then there will be a very good tester in your life, your understanding will become very good so stay connected.  There are many people in real estate that I want a bulk pack in India, the total area of ​​the world is two percent and it folds 18 percent of the population, so here the wrist will always be there. It sounds like a lot, but this is the front.  If we test this thing a little more because I do research, do all the work like paper multiply divide calculator, then today I want to hospitalize you on one side about this fact that I want to send this video to all of you who are doing such things.  to the goal post  Plot Chapters are 20 Km away from the city 30 Km away Use Which Km away Jewar Airport If there is an airport in front of Jawan Airport then take this because there is a line of 2 hours 1864 It is not a problem, buy a plot, take this away, many people will laugh at you Listen to this pimple of mine and this is data only. Ad When all such people send messages on WhatsApp, please forward them. Okay, the total population of India is close to fifty crores. If I knit.  Also four Indian husband wife two children divide 4 and tell them a family wants to ask for family lessons as well as financial perspective on top of that demand for silver and give them thousand whole grid failure thousand spirit areas to live too much  Is comfortable and tell them that all the Indians will stay on the ground floor only, divide all the families in this way, 33 crore families will go, then 35 crore families will stay in the thousand feet area, they will stay on the ground floor only, then this  We are adding and secondly we will work in Indian Chance and field. Must be spoon, check, college, office space, confectionary shop, silence, whatever. Charts feet area for two people is too much to work. Tell me how much time.  How many people are working in the railway station, how much work is done, but two people have been given 400 feet area, where if we measure the miss portal area and divide it by 27 lakh square meters of India, then the area does not even come to one percent.  percent  It also doesn't come when the whole house will be in the ground floor and a person will get to work at 200 feet, between two 4 shops, I have done it, so it is 1% of the area, so what story is this telling, okay, there is forest on 23 st, there are mountains and rivers.  Everything offered will be settled by less than one percent and that too when it is not hoisted in 2500 and then it remains on the ground floor, then this creation is also very special, there is something else behind it, touch this issue, the number of things goes higher.  And if you understand the reaction then you will know where to go and what to take. If someone explains things openly like this then he is a very bad person because he knows everything in real estate and also knows the commercial. Plots will also come, flights will also come, affordable housing will come, tricks will come, rackets will come, illegal colonies will come to the legals, queens will come, everything is real estate, shops have real estate, society shops are real estate, your schools and stay hotels limited. Everything is related, so real estate is a big thing in itself for the first time, then by doing related test, subway, you know that all this is a wrong thing and I will also tell you a cup and example, you should share with people on the exam, Australia is the country of Australia now.  I am a little proud that the population of the country is less than Delhi-NCR and compared to our country which is not a small country, it has been increased by 3.3 inches. Australia is 2100 meters, so by three points the country's population has increased three times. In 65 areas including Delhi-NCR, their population is at 95 cents. These were the final matches in Sydney, Canberra, Adelaide, Perth. These are the cities where we live while sleeping. Had to ask the rates of these cities. Institute is giving competition to Mumbai and in terms of rates, everything is the same.  Are any 2BHKs giving any competition inside the city? Otherwise, comment 10. Specially. Here I am yours. This city is small and everyone lives there. It is such a big country.  If you travel five kilometers away, apply the school's formula and in this way, if you move even a little to the city by two-three kilometers, then the area will double, if you apply this contra voucher, then search for it, that's all, so we  Recommend, okay, dynamics of that denominator, statistics alone do not work, you have to understand that there is a reason, the reason why you come back to India, you are talking about this training in India, give examples at 14 places which Delhi Delhi Second Kidneys Third Drama Fourth Greater Noida 4 Greater Noida has the best infrastructure, if I go then it looks good, everything becomes clear, mostly Greater Noida is West, that Noida is third class third, this is Gurgaon, second is cut cloth, now this is Gurgaon and every.  4th 's disease has turned into big illegal querying, he knows all this, how is Delhi, everyone is fine in peace  Aurangzeb Road and he was not talking about Lutyens Delhi, which is VAT surgery for the rest of his life, he calls us on the second number, puts us on the third number and on the fourth number is Greater Noida, so what is the reason, then the reason is this job. Opportunities and Economics You can't deny even a single drop of things; instead of a sub-standard Android cot, it costs Rs 2.25 crores in Delhi and both the same very good things can be bought in Gurgaon for Rs 2.25 crores. Do it and is there anything to offer in Greater Noida, okay if it is fatty then where are you going to keep putting the money, so like if you live in Greater Noida, then you will see it only there, I wish to see that there is no oil in the forests, people who  Live, you have to go for someone, there is old age population, there is retired population, everyone is mostly like that, here money is not earned nor fun, WhatsApp was started in India to live together, Ashiana Housing, some people  Had started that in order to remain an old age person, he was able to record that in India, all the old age people remain sour because they too, in our old age, we youngsters, these grandchildren, god of friendship, that every person needs promotion. Ronak Bhai keeps suffering, there are people who will understand it basically, neither tell you the wonders of your investment and living in real estate, I tell my husband, you are fine, I am from the place before that. What I want to tell you is that you should live in a big city. You should live in a small city. You live in a big city. People in a big city say yes, there is pollution. I like small cities. Pollution will reduce in big cities only in the next five years.  This is the discipline, in small cities it is Vikram Ad Tempo and the auto rickshaws that run, it cannot be controlled on the screen, politics will not be as free will because it will be vote bank politics, in big cities the politicians themselves have been prime in Delhi. Minister, President, all MPs, Supreme Court Justices, we are the people, so they have free authorities and it is important to take part of them also, it would be something great, so it is happening, Kundli-Manesar-Palwal has come out, everyone gives up before this, FreeCharge this thing.  That one's lip is cracked, that one goes to Chhattisgarhi, it has not been running for 10 years, water and petrol car has not been running for 15 years, all the roles are elements and there is no meat but in two cords. ₹ 2000 is being spent, people have to stay here, then when they go to the back side where there are Sir Sir people and 70 different OK, then before doing this you have to do this, I laugh again OK, then you will have to do 20 and the display goes on.  So whatever it may be, and sometimes here and there, after a lot of thinking from the monks, only then a city becomes a great city. We will discuss the real estate of Mumbai later. Tech Sources. Let me tell you that the first test is the amazing state. Aspirations and purses are left highest, this is Armaan Shaikh. If we call our divine Mumbai the city of dreams, then the relation with everyone is that he goes to his best where the people are the most expressive. We don't have to do anything, you have to stay in the city for two-four days. Just people who meet them and see them, how can you get to know from the expert, you will get to know where the cold people are sitting, you people are sitting, they are sitting, there is something else to be done that when enough is enough, then that place where enough is enough.  people with  Everyone Stays Download Aspirations have to be checked, the phone is there to meet each other and enjoy, it tells related, so one thing is less than the other thing, the time for the same apartment is getting smaller, the rates are increasing, so if you live in a big city  If you reset an apartment in India that it is expensive and seems small, then every year the apartment will get smaller and the rate will keep increasing, then will you ever find happiness again in that city or you people, remember this.  Having more  Third last match Mumbai then I will do all this digging separately because on one side they are brother of couples and on one side Mumbai is Joru's brother Joru's brother Cyrillic that I am doing Mumbai was given to someone in dowry so on that if I am in the video  If you want me to be on the Mumbai list, Akhilesh, I need to take it from you, I would be interested and from my audio, I am not from Mumbai, but if you want me to make a video in Mumbai, then do write to me in the comment.  is that it  Neta Mumbai Real Estate, then you will understand what are the reasons for this 10 2013 near Mumbai and why it is so high, then tell me how did you like this video, subscribe the channel or share it with your friends. Thank you.