That Hello friends, today's topic is that why children did not want to get married, that the children of today are youngsters, they are in Twenty-20, so here I have told the topic but I will tell you the reality, it is not the boys, it is only girls, listen to the boys.  The boy wants to get married but it is not happening because that is a different matter, that will be the subject of a different topic as to why it is not happening because of the demand of the girl's parents, what is the demand of the girl or theirs?  So here, if you have a daughter or you are also a boy, then you should know what is the issue of girls, why girls do not want to get married, no one in the society is making this topic, someone has to come and make it, I am making it a little.  You may also get distracted after hearing the answer. People may be uncomfortable. Chilli is fine but the answer is this. Aayi Manoj Singh Schedule Smarak Lakhs Shivling Also Peeth Show and Laut Main Ke Samay I Got Some Cases Where Medical Store Means That My  Daughter Is Twenty20 That When Want To Marry In Noida That's So Many Like This Okay So I'm Going To Discuss It You Listen Carefully Effect Golden Want To Marry His Daughter Turn On To Merit Direct Indication According To Marriage People Tolerate This Women are not ready to do special effect girl, have never seen her mother, happy marriage in childhood, on every festival, these women are elderly women or were I, whose daughters are not allowed to celebrate.  She is trying to accept, she has been crying all her life, it could be that her mother-in-law has troubled her, it could be that her husband may not be understanding, society may be like that, she may be able to sleep tears of joy, she may be doing a job.  Wanted, had to do, maybe 1.5 crore results, no that lady has to replicate and what messaging of every past, etc debit the changes videos very important  Mohankot children even in this application to the boys, children are studying from their stomach, if they do not see anything like this, there will be fights, sometimes there are small scuffles between husbands and wives and there is also abuse, everyone knows but if  There is only negativity in suspended basis, so humans will always avoid trauma situation is the effect. The second thing is that girls of today who are doing jobs. And she is doing utensils, she will come to see that our mother is seed from the roof of our father's comics loop and have a choice, a novice has a choice, why send a man to me, many girls in their life call me Vaseline  When I talk now special diet operator women and I am just telling me on the reasons in my I love my house, we will move forward only if this pic video becomes hit a little bit and subscribe automatically the audience called him. Tell someone next that if it is so, what should we talk about now and record it, then it will definitely be done but today we will try to fight the problem and do you believe that most of your girls, most of them, many girls, meaning those who are among the first 100 If one person used to say that I should not get married, then 20 out of 600 are saying so. Now I am saying Amar Singh 's formation number but one is the same percentage which was there earlier many years ago. Increase continues, marriages are happening because of different factors, believe it, it is understandable, it is understandable, but I don't want to do that, I don't want to do, I don't want to do, okay, let's show that, I don't want to do, I do n't want to do, I don't want to do that and Show me the alarm. The period of the game was going on. Seven-eight years of the game are going by. It could have been a century in the fast office. I have to tell the girls that the husbands of today are not such that they will tear your book. This means that maybe we will not be allowed to do something, maybe my mother was not allowed to do it, so you have to keep your peers in front and then move towards the solution. Video Today I want to click on the problem that the problem is that women have to be told that this was the economic slavery that led to this compulsion because my mother sometimes felt happy in my marriage or my mother did not.  My Grandmother had something superior to do or did not want to do it, the ego did not want to go and because my father always does what ladies have to do, it is a whining game and the children are also its witnesses, even today it never happens, what have I done?  After getting married, he faces the same problems, his job also gets affected, his responsibilities increase, but normally man is not less likely to commit crime, even a man will be demanding. Man will milk 50.  Rude but he does n't look helpless as much as he looks like a lady, so that's why the man still wants to get married. Okay son, still let's go. I feel intrigued. I girls do n't have that factor, so please tell me if this is a problem or not.  No, if you do this then it is not like that, I am imaginary, I am having dreams only in my circle, I can see all this, rest of you, I do not have any problem, there is nothing like that, all girls are very very  Happy Added Soon To Get Married 2334 Only And Aisa Hai To Write That Or Aap Is U Se Tak Problem Adjust Please Write Problem Exists When The Solution Will Also Come I Will Quote Submissions And Videos Very Best And Very Clarity Giving Tube Channel Name  You people will get clarity and these girls also have to be sent, this is not the reason because sleepers are changing.  Life Ka Vote Syllabus Your Mother Experienced At Least Not Insist With This Hits And Flops I Am Ending This Video Fourth Girls Ok That's Why This Thing Don't Make Decisions Based On Real Review Driving Depend On The Past And But Your Mother But You Will  Even in travel, there is a big oath to do something else in life but times have changed so don't take decision making in just 10 products.  Your mother was not happy or something, don't message the girls, don't do this, but this is a problem, if you people write about this, then I will discuss this topic and tell it very well, so the request is to the audience from the party, please comment.  Whatever is my request, whoever is watching the video, please comment on anything, good or bad, please do comment on agree or disagree, okay soft, next hour I will come.  Then my motivation also increases in it, it fills me a little moral. Elva Edison Word Motivation Thank you very much