Hello friends, today's topic is going to be very interesting, you may not know this reason which I am going to tell you that why the builders take the exam of Gurgaon market and tell that they charge a rate of Rs 12000 to 12.50000 plus GST and after that this cream.  On which he says whether it will cost ₹ 93 or not, those who will have to pay Zee, have you ever thought that why do you make it 12,300 rupees and 9.30 rupees?  Idiot, we know that there is a deposit account but if you are not attracted by this thing then this is such a simple answer, this water pot is just a discount, everyone thinks that even children have a problem, you saw that you have meetings but why is it marketing? Why is it like this, what is the result, what is the benefit of such marketing, when if they have to take ₹ 100 from you and return ₹ 1520 to P, then why is it the showroom rate as soon as they tell you, why is there any benefit to them? Understand, it is a very deep matter and you will understand because I give consultation from both the sides. I am like PK ji. Who is PKG? You should know. Write in the comment section below. If the one who sits in the front gets consultation, then he will get the benefit and for the rest of the people.  Even if you tell me the syllabus, it is difficult to explain. It is easy for the bull to run away. I am coming to explain. How many people will be able to understand? Please write in the comment section. If you have understood, then write. If you enjoyed it, then write. Anchor can earn income by doing just that. Hey Ji Shankar bhai sa increase anchor, hides it, send message, ok concept is very good, Google will give you information tomorrow, till you don't learn the tips, till then it adjusts the concept, how will you know that and from real life example.  By connecting the dots, how will it be served in the plate? You know there is potato, you know there are peas, how to make your quarter vegetable, liquid one, dry one, okay, a potato is one such thing.  I do n't know how many vegetables can be made, it is okay to know about every typing test different, so just getting information is not enough, then you need a teacher and a guru, read Google, you have already done it, whatever you type, you will know.  Haldighati Battle Peak Zone Shooting 376 Maharana Pratap Akbar will be out on the answer, why did it become active, what was the truth, if he ran away then it would have been included, isn't it okay to build up the story from him, so now this  You listen to me, what do people do, they gave a rate of Rs 12,300, now there is a flurry of discounts on it, and actually, those who bought it in the beginning, it was fine for Rs 940 and after that they got some discount, one more thing was removed.  So the nightie became double, then we will remove something, then 10322 When I did complete research on this, talked to these people, what is it about me that I have the data and this is a mental models which  I say, I keep all these things and connect the dots and it turns out that it is a very good thing. What is this that whenever a customer buys at any rate, he will always feel the discount and he will not feel that the rate has increased. I will give you a classic example.  If I tell you, it's like a shirt and it's this condition, we are ₹ 4000 and a half, okay, so if I tell you this shirt is for ₹ 4 and a half and today you are getting it for ₹ 3000, then you Took 3000 rupees, it's okay if you left after hearing the rate of 3000 rupees and when you come again, it's okay, now you are getting the rate of 35 rupees, then you will definitely pay it, but this is the rate of 3 rupees, the person who came to give the money, in which you understand.  Quantity please check Ajay, did anyone know that the shirt is available in the market at around 4.30, then a man came to Jatin, he got a discount of 15 rupees and went away. When the man came at 35, he did not know that  I have spent ₹ 500, he still feels that I am getting a discount of thousand rupees, I have made it my favorite, the one with Rs 4,4000 is also feeling that I should add a discount of 500 rupees, he doesn't know that it was at three rupees, now it is at three and a half rupees.  It has become four and then gradually it will be taken to four and a half, after that the goods will be sold in large quantities. You see this, make things fun, so what is happening, then brother, you sell new flats without samples.  If you have given a sample flat, if you have not made the flat, then brother, payment is priority, payment is the discount, then these people, all this is a lie from my side, the net result is likes and love from them, because when you forgot the market, then from their team in Karachi.  Our brother, I am someone's team and I am telling you how to do human psychology. Now after I tell you, after crossing it, it will take 6-7 minutes, but with this you have to do this, which according to me is absolutely right, this is a liquid marketing and sales. According to demand-supply, things are going on free, British and Jaipur people hear that their rate is Rs 12000, brother, if the goods of Vidya Expressway are not sold till Golf Course Extension, then even sweets are sold there, so that is half of this Rs 12000. Their rates also increased so when everyone's rates increased then theirs also increased so 30 is not clear from this point left Safar and Sisters and Keep Sitting in Six This  Will fall, will crush the economy, then will be increased. Interest rates will increase in June. I am telling you today, they will increase. Write it down. According to me, home loans should have been increased in April. Look at the inflation, read the highest in June.  Likely the chances will increase, if not then it will increase, but if it increases then there will be no home market in it, the builder's co-stop construction will increase, the rates will increase further, now many people think that this supply of builders is too much.  The goods will not be sold and now we will reduce the cost, now we will be helpless due to which whenever there is a rally in the stock market, it will crush you then and now it will crush and whenever there is a crush, if you see the problem of the stock market, then we will wait.  Let's do and will happen and will happen Question is this Yes at some point of time This route is absolutely clutch Okay Units are available everywhere Some special six to nine months Mike Question is that video  You check the date, it is okay that you will not get the goods from the builder, it will not return the time which very few people had seen long ago 2010 11, it happened at a very low level, this scandal happened at a big level, then others WhatsApp, these things are plants  Did it in 2009 3 4 5 6 that the files will be uploaded friend that there will be a project plan, the goods will not be received from the builder, under-right, you understand that he is a god, hunter rights, rights under-right  Word Underwriting Business Will Start Date Speculative Gy Space Tradeoff Bomb Mature Yes We Will Be Riching Quietly Sitting in 600 Train According to Me Right Now Will Be Riching 7080 After That When No Negative Man Is Going to Speak Bad About Real Estate Then the danger increases, as long as I talk and listen to 10 people in the market and six people meet me, five people are there, everything is just air, everything is useless, I lie like this.  I feel very happy Kushwaha, the juice, lemon juice, ends when there is no high weight left, absolutely sugarcane falls, he goes as long as he is there, as long as people are there, all this is nonsense because he is a fickle man of juice, when he comes, he was in the market.  The last man who has just smelled the cheese all the time, you are dirty, everyone is a thief, what he was saying is that when he invests money, the party will be classed as getting over India still from the IC 671 till his  While bringing Biwi Scorpio video, I had made a video of live stock market for you, I will keep bringing it. Let the platinum people know, you will also know accordingly and option to take number 66. How did you like this video? Do like, share, subscribe the channel. Thank you