Hello friends, this habit will never make you completely confident in life, this is the topic, which habits will we discuss, now I am going to tell you okay and why it is like this and what we have to do instead, I will tell you because of giving clarity.  There is less time to give youth on clarity, there is a lot of clarity, you people are getting very good comments, thank you for that. If you are watching this ahead and have not yet explored the channel.  If so then please subscribe, there is great content. Go to the playlist and watch the old videos. Let's start with what is this habit that you have, it will never let you be confident with anyone. Let's discuss it a little. Whenever there is time for decision making in life.  The decision comes at any time whether to take a job or to do anything, whether to get married, whether to buy a house, whether to invest, whether to get a job from this city, hold it in another city, this job, should I change many lives?  When such decisions come to me, then as soon as this anxiety occurs on the executive, if it is okay in our life, then we run to someone, friend, I have thought this is right, will this restaurant learn whenever you repeat it too much in life  Now I will not be able to be confident in life, then you will get a little confidence that yes, I am doing right, I have asked my sister, I have asked my brother, I have asked my father, I have asked my friend, I have asked this, I have asked her. Whenever you feel anxious, what information do you need for decision making, learn it, fix your decision making process, make it robust and turn on those decisions and also turn on their sequence. Yes, something is wrong. Yes power is in short term but your learning will be like this because you will take decisions and your confidence level will increase. Crying happens the most in life when You took the decision on the recommendation of someone else who was not involved in the thing and was not even an expert and you did not turn on professional help in making people take decisions I don't take it but I gave the perspective give less that this is what is happening.  There is loud thinking but in that I have to make confirmation by them without any process. I have to tell them about your thought process. Keep this information with you.  Take it and now take the knowledge inside it, take the wisdom and post it extra and you arrive at your decision. You have come to the end of date decision because ultimately your screen is in the game ultimately you are going to face the consequences. Fencing consequences.  Of decisions imposed on you by Adarsh ​​and his forced knowledge because you are more confident than him and a looser type.  I don't get the feeling that if something happens on my decision then still the man is very late to him but does not do it to others and never likes it because in what mode is the next man, does he have any expertise? Yes, yes, he will take it and tell her.  I know that if he says honey, he will ask a thousand more questions. If not, then this is what I want. Cases like this come to me brother, I have kept this in my heart, I have kept this property for investment, there is an understanding here, I like the layout, I like the rate.  There is a treatment plant behind it, there is a dirty drain, you have no idea about other things, the cremation ground is touching, but you are foxy here, those three things are there, you want Sunny, you yes but Ravana wants the girl, he has liked you, six people are seeing red flakes.  You see, you do n't want this because you have a dimple on your left cheek, you are so impressed by its appearance, you do n't want to see anything else and you are teaching this insurance to the world, saying it is okay, isn't it good?  It is going well, it will be fine, you will never be able to have confidence in life, you will never be able to become confident, why do you become confident, my life is my life, my decisions, it is very easy to speak English, it is also very easy to put it on the status, I wish it can be done by writing.  Me Life Me Decision is informing your decisions. If you are asking 50 people how much power you have in decision making, then remove the status 50.  You are asking people that it will be fine, it will be fine, it will be good, it will not be bad, it will not become like this, it will not happen like this, it will not happen like this, this is the biggest disease, decision in the decision making process, some template is there that you can check with. This is the thing in the part of Sambdi Questlet that I am thinking, this part is ok, decision is a big think, people take their decision and go to someone, what is their process, they give him the decision.  Any date of this is what I don't date one over consultation I do because this mother of yours is doing this, how did he arrive, on what assumption did he do that, if all are questionable then he will not do the workout and then say yes, I will take the job.  If I take it, then take that job, take this car, if I buy a car then I will buy it, what do you want in a car, seeker safety, you want speed, you want comfort, you want a couple, what do you want, brother, that sir.  The thing will be, when you have to take the decision of the car, then if your decision is that I should get one liter per 24 km and I should get the speed like this and the same comfort, then have it, don't get it, the decision itself is fine.  Neither the car nor the vehicle is fine, so how does a man know, this car is fine, I told you that the auto car is fine, so now its rating regarding safety and security is less than other vehicles, but brother,  A man is driving a scooter, is he safe while sitting in an auto or not? The rating of the auto is as per your wish. I am telling you on the basis of example, the rating of the auto is as per your wish. How many stars are there in the safety features as per your wish, some may be less, some may be more.  Brothers and sisters, if scooter is safe then it means it is right, who is taking the decision, so every person will ask while walking, hey brother, if you can buy a good car, only with lion bags and everything. And then if you are buying that then give the decision then do not do the research in isolation because the person from whom you are buying should be an expert and they should take the money and brainstorm only then there is some free reinsurance, ₹ 10000 taken by people will not be less and a  If you are less of an expert, then you can become an expert. By taking membership of this channel, I make you the same expert. I myself am that expert in different fields. If you want consultation. My fee is very high but if you want to learn about consultation and want to take a long journey, then by taking membership of the channel, you can gradually learn everything through these tablets. People have clarity everywhere, this is what I have said.  I told that the disease is a fairy disease, a disease that cannot be cured, so I told this to my subscribers, about 140 crore people are watching this video, so 10 20 30 40 50 thousand people will watch it.  After that they came to know but what about the rest, they don't have to do it after learning so you can help in decision making today n consultant me knowing which this but telling dem ki bhaiya you have tu on the decision where you help you  Don't say decision is right or wrong decision has to be taken We can help you in the decision process I hope you understood this video, you liked it Do not say  Krishan, it does n't matter that you ate the vegetable, how are you liking this peacock, give 10 people how are you liking, the same bitter gourd devotees like the prepared vegetable and if no one else likes it, then you brother, make it well, make it well, make it well.  It depends on who it is, brother, I don't eat brinjal bharat, I like it very much.