Hello friends, the data of Happiness Index has come and India's rank is seventh and tenth from the bottom. There is a way to spoil it, no, we are very good, that means Pakistan is also 30 places above, look at the condition of Sri Lanka, it is above.  If Nepal is also on top and Bangladesh is also on top, then we will discuss it. It is very important because I am talking about things on the channel. Happiness is one of them. It is okay to make people happy. Why is it our doctor? Why are we not happy? Some of its criteria. Like our GDP per capita is decent, all these countries are very good to name a few, GDP per capita is fine, life expediency is also not bad for us but there are some aspects like story, gratitude, charity and some other aspects where we are weak.  So, keeping in mind the question of this report and making this report just a talking point that yes, this is fine, while leaving this aside, I would like to tell that according to my research and my opinion, in our country  Happiness, which is less, is much bigger than social freedom. The topic is an index of who has how much social freedom. We do not have democracy within our homes, although we are the biggest democracy in the world, but how much democracy is there in our homes?  Tell me, we will discuss with him if there are some things that we as citizens should start doing in the future, so that we are generally happy, Jain means we do not have to wait for the report, look at the report card, we do buffalo in the report card.  Will take but us Indians ahead, you tell us how happy we are 24 things have to be done immediately which I think is the reason for this The constant that we have to keep engaged is that of politics and religion, while some citizens should not make any difference, go to hell with any political one  I can vote for the Legislative Assembly and if you want to vote for the Lok Sabha, then keep it in your mother's name and give it to him. Keep it on Twitter every day for 5 years. My one is good, this is good, this is very good, this is like this, this is like this.  Finland, which is the happiest country among the rest of the countries, all those other countries too are democracies and have daily discussions, have daily elections, do less, just leave it, what it is doing with such a majority, if we collect a clear majority in the government.  This has been going on for the last 10 years, earlier when this coalition government was running, in 96 they used to say that it was a coalition government, now it will run for 11 months, 10 months, then you will understand.  I used to think that now there is a threat to the country, there is a threat to the country, anything Naira, the foreign reserve of the country, which is a relief at the time, the economy is going well, then why are you crying, because what is the reason, why are the individuals not paying attention to themselves?  You are not growing, what are you doing, there is a miss match in individual aspiration, but that mismatch is because you are not paying attention to yourself, you are busy with children, making money on dream11, this IPL will go now.  To annihilate them in April, when they ate some of their happiness, they will come back after watching IPL, now India and Australia are sledging each other and everyone is winning and patriotism is happening to the country, all will play sour, what will be your benefit. Watch  Content spend your time with people and the content which is trying to add value to you also, if there is some zen happening in it then it is a good thing but some zen is happening in yours when someone is playing cricket. He is busy with movie stars, you are busy with politics, discussion of politics, discussion of religion, whoever has religion, say brother, this is my best and do the best for your sister, just adopt it, is there any need to promote it to others?  Do you need to forcefully create noise? All the politicians are servants, no, everyone says no, we are servants, neither are we from servants, nor are we from servants, i.e. service providers. Yes, servants are imposed on servants. Do you fight on this matter?  That Bharatiya Mittal is good or Mukesh Ambani is good, that is, why did you name both of them? Hey, one is Airtel, one is Jio, they are running them, right, this is Jio service provider, one is Airtel, brother, if you like Airtel, take its scheme.  It's good, brother, go here, go to someone else's, brother, go there. In airlines, do you even know the owners, in whose airline you like your experience, travel in that one, if you do n't fight over it, then there is another one.  It is said that one treats one's political party like this and says vote for me, I will give you a chance to serve, so you have to serve, give service to others, give a chance to someone, why are you pampering the servant as to which service is better?  There is no letter in this, we will give a chance to serve only this person, this is the constant fight, this is the cause of sorrow, over and above religion, and what has been done, which is the latest political dispensation, they have made it 24*7 because  They are hardworking, militant, they are correcting their religion. Politicians, especially, have turned it into a special party 24 hours a day by discussing about us, how was the country earlier, how has it become now, what is happening, this is happening and someone posted on Twitter.  Somebody is lying here, someone is lying here, why brother, you do whatever you have to do, your hand is doing very well, okay, we will give you your report card. Constant, change the narrative every two days, every three days. Holding on to the narrative is their religion.  They are doing theirs, but yours, this is your religion, this is your duty, it is your duty to look at your life and grow yourself, we are not able to see that growth of ours, what is the second thing, spirituality, these are the different debates going on about everything.  So there are all the shops like John's, there are all the shops of spirituality also, there is Baba here, there is Acharya here, there is Guruji here, there is someone here with whom you can do whatever you think, you have to fight whether Haldiram's problem or  The one from Bikaner, take whatever you like. Brother, take whatever you like. After all, there is no fight, you will eat only Haldiram's food. From today onwards, only the conscious will be awakened, the ghosts will not be awakened, the one who has no place, awaken whoever has to do, do whatever you want to do, talk about the individual.  Do talk about family, my mine, when I come and create content, I come at the individual and at the family level, if you are happy at the individual level and at the family level.  You are happy with your parents, the relationship between husband, wife and siblings and the relationship between parents and children are fine. I am not talking about very good things. I am fine, then happiness will start coming a little, things will start getting better in life when this  The last unit is this picture, Rakhi is inside, after that the child is busy with the mobile phone, the mother is busy listening to the sermon, father is fine in listening to his story, the husband is crying about his job and promotion, Sir, such a raita is spread in the society and you yourself.  please check  Lo, in which country infrastructure has passed us by, where health has passed us by, health facilities have passed us by, life expectations have passed us by, where GDP per capita has passed us by us, we have gone to Burundi, we are one number below Burundi, look at the condition of Burundi, what does it mean?  Yes, we are ahead in that, no, no, why this whole report, when the report suits us for doing business, when we jump a notch in this off business doing, then we become very happy if the report suits us.  There must be a country in which the report doesn't suit you, then tell me no, this is just useless interest, no mother, if it's right, then see it yourself, don't kill the report, see it yourself, the country where such a bad situation exists is from there.  The average citizen becomes focused on himself, what is happening to us, a lot of things are going right in the country, hence we have a lot of time to discuss and this is what is there in democracy, right, in democracy you have a person to fight every debate.  that is right  This is a very good thing but it does not mean that you should pass in every debate just because you have more rights, you understand that I am not of the opinion that the rights should be reduced, one should not give opinion, this is also democracy but it should not mean this.  It is important because to keep it in everyone, but in doing so, you waste a lot of your life force which is an energy and that energy was your good power and butter power and you are able to level up in life. Pay  You could have gone and done a lot of work but you would not have been able to do that, that is why this is the biggest reason for our country coming at the rank of 136 because what matters is the individual, there is no fox, what matters is somebody else, there is fox.  It is happening and everyone is taking away your time. I hope you understand this basic difference and if you like it then please like and share. Thank you [Music]