Hello friends, typical Indian mindset which prevents you from becoming wealthy and rich, we will discuss it, this topic will be an excellent topic, why did it get triggered because WhatsApp forwards are for show, there is a small video in it, it was of some person, he painted a small story, okay And I narrate the story to him in 30 seconds to 1 minute and on the basis of this I would like to tell you, okay, why are you so set in your mind, you are asking questions from my middle class audience.  Have to remove it, it was something like he is addressing an audience like I am addressing you, okay brothers and sisters, your great grandfather used to ride a bicycle, your grandfather used to ride a scooter, your father rides a car and if you ride a BMW.  If you are walking then will your children walk again? Because the brilliance and ability is less heart ship. So when the heart ship was very much then it kept on growing like this, kept on growing, from bicycle to scooter to scooter to normal car, normal car. Now, if it falls here again, there is no need for you to save money, there is no need to give it to children, there is no need to do anything like this, they will also start their business from there, if you give them Pak Pak, then  If they get spoiled then clapping audience like this is fun, but after listening to the middle class, a very ridiculous old time dialogue comes to the ears which is never applicable and I have also heard it from the mouth of Amitabh Bachchan ji, it is right Amitabh Bachchan ji.  Have heard from the mouth of the note that the date has been flown, told him the story that Poo Kaput wala, you have heard it by other people, yes yes yes, see what he is doing in real life, what are he doing in real life, which one is Saput Kapoor?  Whatever it is, what are you doing? What am I not targeting, Amitabh ji? What am I targeting? This is the middle class mind set which the rich have given to the middles. I call it Illuminati, which is a powerful group which wants to  Don't open anyone's eyes, that is the biggest disaffection set. Those who get rich quickly, they start their children from where they are ending. This is a middle class stove, which if it sits from here to here, will also harm its children.  She will start from scratch, son, you also start like this, then you will know that in coming from here to here, you will know only then that middle class has come here again from here, now they are children, they are coming from here to here.  They are fish people, they roam around with their phones, iPhone type terrorists with four-five months' salary, if you are roaming around with your phone or your phone is so expensive, then how will you have any desire to do a job for the middle class.  You will have to help your next generation and give a higher platform to the lower class. If you give the same platform to your children, there is such a big lower class standing on the dog, then your children will be last and only the notes will become last.  Everyone will also go because at this stage they do not have the ball in the fire. If you are sitting here, then if you show this thing to your child, then it will be like the fire of the cylinder, still it seems that it is being fired from within today and not to achieve anything further.  If he has to do it here, does he even think there is any benefit in reaching here again, where Papa ji's program has ended, I will reach there, this is something the middle class needs, you know, please do not start from scratch again and the parents who understand this thing.  And their parents are helping their children and applying their mind, even today their children are getting chances of success because when you have competition in India, then they are ahead in the team and that child is standing there.  If it happens, then he is not an only child, there is a team behind him, just like if a player goes to the Olympics, then you have a player, be it a wrestler, be it a javelin thrower or whatever be the emotion, behind him is his coach, behind him is his training, behind him is his team.  that's his country  There is an organization from which it is taken out, whether it is wrestling, weight lifting, table tennis, tennis or badminton, what is that color, it is the head itself which is tested, whatever it is, everything is tested too.  They are coming from which system, but the system is also the same, so today you who are very poor children, whether you are rich or poor or middle class, they will be taken out, but they are only one, two, three percent of the rest of every small thing.  would have made a difference If you improve every small thing, let me give you an example. England's cycling team was very bad in 2011-12. Before the Olympics, one of their coaches who came improved every small thing, like the seat.  He is what he was, he is wearing his pants, they are tight on the thigh, the gram is cold, he buttered it, buttered every small thing, two-four percent improvement everywhere.  Because by improving by 24% everywhere, there is a lot of collective improvement and he performed very well, he is a very good example and other wise his cycling did not bring anything but blast, if we look at his performance for 8-10 years then it is very good like this.  Middle class parents have to step up, now they should not be left to struggle like this, now I tell this class to your lower class, every time I tell them.  Let the classist do it, take care of it, this is lazy middle class, whenever you give exit to the middle class parents, then I do n't need to do anything, it was just a gift to the parents, dam de best education was the best education, it is not existing in this country.  And it is taking note of your kids where else this message is please understand middle class parents, it is like this that if you go to Bombay then the man will tell you something to do.  Dhan Dhan Kapoor son's accumulation of wealth, then this is this politician in real life, the politician is promoting his children, the film star is promoting his child, the businessman is promoting his child, you see Mukesh Ambani, you see Amitabh Bachchan.  Look at Adani, look at them, take the names of these politicians, look at them, keep them as your own, they are secretaries, all the public that is there is fine, everyone is doing it to everyone, that is.  Among the politicians, if any person is the minister of the project at this level, then he will start the election from the word municipality itself or he will start from Kaa Yaar Maa or Sarpanch of the village, first he will start from five and then else Pant will become Sarpanch and then his.  After that, son, you come to the city, you become a counselor in the city, then after becoming a counselor, will you do like this or will it remain the same? Many people start MPC, do you know or someone from Maa?  When one starts, one does not go below that level because then what is the use of one's life in one's own life? The middle class has not understood this thing for so many years. The middle class gets an escape. There is no power in the father's power to keep the job.  Apart from this, friend, we have taught and written, you know that your love is less, you know that your love is less, then don't interfere in his marriage too, when he becomes something after getting a job, then don't interfere when half the people give up, children.  But brother we did  If you have done it, then when you see that it is a syndrome, then let him see everything after that, then which marriage to do, how to stay in the marriage, where to stay, what to eat, what to wear, there sir is the interference of middle class parents.  We will tell you everything. If you get success, then we have made it and if not, we have taught you. What is this? In success, you become a father and in failure, you say, 'Yeh toh mandir ka bachcha', meaning, it is found outside, the story is in the video like it is shown in old Hindi films.  the story of india  left you have you on your children in a way on their failures and success in a way especially d failures are clear they are also part of Be it a manual rickshaw or a manual rickshaw, first a pusher, then a walking one, now he has come on an electrical rickshaw, now his child, if the story is not set further, then he will be on an electrical rickshaw.  It will start from here that even the lower class people don't speak, go, go for the same thing which I used to do 20 years ago, neither does the lower class speak to their children like this nor the rich class, of course they say, why do the middle class speak like this?  It has come out ok and it is like this, you tell me if I am telling you wrong then I hope I have done some hair order thinking but you guys are understanding the thing I am sorry, you are mistakenly understanding the story.  To So you will have to work hard, you will have to do it from the beginning, we also did it, why do we have to do it from the beginning, the same cup-telling thoughts of the government, when the officers in the group, do not put your children, friend, do not put them, then in 20 years you will fall where you are.  Those who will reach there, leave that job for someone else, your child from some family is not getting selected anyway because there is so much crowd there, you have actually reached here and you are telling the child no, then you If you have become a very strong singer and have very good contacts and your child also knows how to sing, then you will not have to struggle again to get the producers' numbers.  Sir, listen to my song sir or in any mode, look at my portfolio sir, your father will sing it tomorrow, my child is this song, I will get it done in my next picture, I am taking so much money from you, I will take less from you. Give a break to your son and daughter, there are few such things, there is nothing to do, it should not be like this everywhere, one also wants to do like this, but he takes the hi model ground, he himself has reached here, look at your realization that where you have reached, first thing.  Only such things should be done which can be continued in the future. Those who are engaged in this Mansabdari system which was there in the time of Akbar, do you know the Mansabdari system, where anything, he just took the women's wife, then he was late, then the emperor would have given it to someone else.  There were all those horses and that system and whatever was earned was lost, so the next generation did not get anything. The system itself was like this, the world used to give to whom to give further. You are engaged in such mansabdari jobs that in your 30-35 years.  There is no use of getting rubbed, tell me which are such jobs. If it is a government job then the saree is like this. You are the Cabinet Secretary of India who is retired. Your son or daughter cannot take a government job because of that. Don't do anything.  Whatever they can do, they will have to do it themselves, but only if you are a chartered accountant, a lawyer, an architect, a doctor, anything, a businessman, have your own business, an actor, a politician, anything, anything, what am I?  There is also a YouTuber on YouTube who is sitting on 10 subscribers after getting 10, his children and there are many other YouTubers who promoted their family and they also did well. After one stage, the child 's  The talent is there, the quality of the content is the same, but that push starts, doesn't it? Give it the advantage, please take the advantage, whatever you have, give it to you, you should not feel shy in coming and telling your subscribers that this is the channel to watch, brother.  It is good that he has few subscribers, Barh Jain, if you like to see something, then people will watch it. Brother in law has no shame in this date, this is the D message, the middle class does not know, is this?  It is a great pleasure to listen to us, yes, for how long will we care for the children, as long as we have life, but we have sugar in our lives, your children are your life, what are the things in your life, people neither have teeth, nor come, nor are they eaten, nor are they able to move around.  During the day, people forward this ridiculous WhatsApp on their mobiles, half of the elders do this among themselves, those who do not respect their parents, they themselves are forwarding it to their children, so it is understandable that you yourself are not doing it. Do you mean which one is this from above?  You will be cursed, we have brought you up, it is the middle class that is suffering from this syndrome, the lower class does not call its children, we must have called you dress first, children were born, we ate something, you ate something, we wore something, you wore something, we breathed, you breathed ok.  We protested ourselves, so I also protested, even the rich do like this, I do n't know why we did something like this and gave the invitation, no one is telling about gate toxicity, but I will tell you one thing and leave a hint.  I will give more content on this topic in future too. 20 to 30 years ago, we used to curse those people a lot when they used to put restraining orders on their parents and used to live a little apart from their parents and when they used to say something like this, we used to say, look at their values.  This time was like this, Pato, human behavior is of a development, this time was big judgments ahead, but Indian, we are lagging behind by 20-30 years, this is the country, now these problems are coming to us.  Are the values ​​getting spoiled here? Am I spoiling the values ​​in the middle of the video? My whole channel is a commentary on family, I am family mother, that milkman is this Korean sahib, it is ok for every man to be a roadman, this is Nitin Gadkari, I am family mother of India, I am family.  I am a child myself, here I am telling you the record process of 1857, which is rocking you with the story and it is deliberately based on the story of Raita and B in the Indian middle class family.  The boys are going by systematically so that they keep disappearing from there. One father is in Delhi, one son is in Bengaluru, the other son is in Pune or Hyderabad or the daughter is living in four places, three places each, from where.  Where will there be growth by shedding assets, you can flood further, he is taking his car, he is owning his flat, he is passing by, this is what he is getting, yes brother, it is like this, you are born to beat the jobs of the rich, just by.  Pass bar class jo hai na de bill by pass this middle class stage as they say na that love hota that caterpillar hota kya butterfly bunti hai sab ka ek woh hota na ki se stage to stage aaye aaye on stage aaye on stage again  Then what is happening on the stage, no, it is not fancy in this decade and India Border Economy is happening in the next 2 years, 5 years and 10 years too, but what I am saying is that the middle class needs you to change this mind set.  It is keeping dem pur is de message par capita wala which I made for the middle class in the beginning you know, after that it became a sensation on YouTube, everyone made it in sub creator, big, small, long and everyone has seen it but the original is original, many of them are.  But my subscribers too are not very less, not much, off course, but there are not very few, so many people went to their comment area and took it to Guruji's place there.  I am original, I am so original on this that they will even go to copy because the story of the entire book is mine, read one chapter of mine or it will not be less than that, which of your links will you not be able to do? My understanding of this is very good.  And my videos will keep coming, how do you think, tell me the biggest thing, if your parents are telling you this, show them the video, if they are leaving your hand or not, you also do it, who did it for us, who did it for you, no one did it for you.  Your parents will be forced to tell me, you must be poor, you are not poor, what will the poor do with the picture, then we too will not do it, then no one will do it, don't give us any escape, if you don't want to do it then tell me because we don't want to do it because I am your wife.  I don't like your behaviour, son, I get irritated with your wife. Father-in-law said that we have nothing to do with it and we have an insecure life and we have to live like this and we don't have to pay attention to you because all your things are not in your control.  If you had agreed, you would have agreed with your daughter-in-law, that's why I don't want to do anything to you. Tell me the truth, what are you saying in such a roundabout way? You will tell the truth, you have nothing to do with us, we have to enjoy our life, we have done enough, we had this much status, now we are selfish. We don't want to do yours, don't take the exit route because that's not logical. If you are on genuine, genuine relationships are, genuine is everything, then let that genuineness flow in it again and again. Hi this.  It will not be good to give this video clapping to the middle class because it is bitterness, isn't it, this one is full of bitterness, when it becomes so famous, the name will be eaten a little, it will be eaten, if the laddus of the name will not be eaten, then the other laddus will be eaten, this one will be heard and eaten.  Will go because it doesn't suit but it is true, it is not true as it is said, it is bitter, it happens generally, why friend, why make my child struggle from where I have to struggle, then what is the meaning of my struggle? Nothing is easy, Dhirubhai Ambani did something to Mukesh Ambani ji and he made him so advanced, he did not say that if I get Pak, I will be spoiled, see Mukesh Ambani 's children, one day, see them also doing like this.  This is the middle class, which is just waiting for others to deteriorate so that they don't have to suffer. No, just look at it, it is relief only till three or more generations, after that, it's like this, brother, quietly Shayari 30  The generation people are also doing less right. Grandfather had opened a shop in Chandni Chowk in 1890. Now it is running quietly in the sixth generation of 20-20. The middle class finds it very good to see this failure. Look, this happened with Sameer's child. Look, when he did this to him, he did not turn out to be useless because his child was rich. Those who are not as rich as you, their children also turn out to be useless. There can be many reasons for this, but many of you do not take the escape route to the middle class so quickly.  Okay, if people find that someone in the class has scolded someone in the class, then I request the parents with folded hands that you should have scolded them so that you don't do such things, okay, I will not say this at all. No, no, forgive me, no, no, you must feel big, if your heart does not beat for your children and you want to start them from scratch, then I will come again and again and make you suffer, okay, you are mine.  no matter how much  Do not watch the video, you will get the video in the middle of the forward and you will have to watch and listen with hatred because many things happen when a song starts playing like this, then you are saved everywhere, that and this song will play. Okay, and whoever likes it, play the song because someone has to play it. If we want to save India and move ahead, this has been our strength. We cannot go in this American way and in all these ways. This is the stress that we have.  but we are no less Weakness is never going to go away from us, whatever is ours, whatever is worth Rs. 10,000 or less is ours, it is our parents' heart that beats, that is why we will remain children, till today, that day, you eliminate the element of heartbeat, no, why do you need a heartbeat, children?  So they are dirty, yes children are dirty but the parents are good, so show your good self, no, why do you call dirty children children, talk to them politely, only then you will do something for them. You are told that father has become father, God is with God, father world, why did he not have mother God, while mother is also a very big thing, you know, she is the one who gives birth, father is there only because father will vote for poison, drink poison, drink poison.  Ka Neelkanth 's story, I sometimes listen to it in astrology, I understand, it gives relief, you can take membership. If you want to understand things in details and in depth, because there will be people who will reject and go away, but who will get the taste or not? Tell me, friend.  What is father, father, new house in astrology, new house in astrology, Guru 's religion, father's, this is the father, the child is ill-mannered and the father, still, as long as there is life, audio service, me, son, me, daughter, only then have you become a father, otherwise we, everyone, you, you roam around a lot.  There is no need to do more or less for you, it is a biological condition, it is a sperm, it is a required relief and there are millions of men roaming around, so there is nothing in you becoming a father, you have the power to become a father and if you are not becoming a father then  That's why people move forward Chetan Buddhi, you keep coming and going to the country, you are not getting the love from the story because the father element has ended biologically, you have left him. The role of the father is very big. The father is the Guru, the father is the religion. Ninth House is a big thing in astrology. Consider the father, the poor are playing it.  I am not able to understand what is the problem in the middle class, okay, you will have to show some strength, you are okay, children are the way they are, they belong to you, the production factory, sometimes the machine which makes the product, sometimes blames the product.  You have the power to do so, otherwise in the default setting, why would your own blood say anything against you? You have to understand this. If you want to understand this in more depth, if you want to understand it in a fun way, then you can take platinum membership. Thank you very much.