Hello friends, this is a very interesting topic. It is an excellent topic for the middle class. You all are appreciating it. Today 's topic is either he has gone to the village or she has gone to the village. You will get to learn a lot. I am expressing the pain of the middle class and one more.  I am showing the mirror, I am having a lot of fun, so the topic is, he has gone to the village, she has gone to the village, who is she and what do we have to learn from this because this is happening a lot in the month of June, if it is happening to you then ID.  I have to do this  Not that only I can see this thing, it could be your maid, it could be you have a carpenter, it could be that the less you have, the less it means the broom, utensils and these things which are not done while sitting in the office, it is less.  The businessmen have gone on leave and big people are waiting, the businessmen are also waiting and madam is also waiting a lot and it is happening a lot that you are my debt, this debt has to be paid and you big women are worried, you middle class people are waiting for them.  Kashish, well, this is a caste, the month is 2 months, it is 15 days, the dead month has come, we have come in 2 months, this luxury is not with the middle class, you cannot drive the bus like this in your job, we are going to your village by bus.  Things are going, they will come and they will get 100% sir, when they come, they will get the job, same madam, if they don't get it, then someone else will get it by paying ₹ 1000 more, then the same thing is working, this is the same with this note. Middle class, this is the topic and analysis you have, leave your job, you know, I don't feel like this again, I do n't feel so stressed, and in this dress, these people are not under stress, you see, you enjoyed this topic, you didn't enjoy it before.  So tell me, it is interesting that what are we doing, what is our need which is not their need, middle class and lower class need it, so you see this, we have to keep the middle class pretentious, it is very pretentious.  You will see that the middle class is very happy by force, it is said that B positive smile is achieved, you will not see the lower class wasting energy, they will not smile forcefully, their face will be such when there is genuine happiness and which will always help them in earning money or earning money.  Had there been any conversation or story, we would have laughed or if there was something personal about her, she is beautiful by force, you look nice, you make you fool nice, we will not laugh, take the saree with your expense and go to class, such an expensive picture.  They will not see, they will not eat Domino's pizza, they will get money, they will not send their children to big schools, they will not wear big clothes, they will not keep a big TV, they will not keep a big house, and no maid keeps a maid in her house, she does the work herself.  If yes, then this is why they are free and you are not free because of this, food in India, I would admit right now, is not very expensive, the government is giving a lot of things for two, three, five rupees, everywhere. The question is, how do you manage your expenses?  If you have a plate and how much slavery you do with it, then the next show off is you should know that you cannot go to the village like them, you cannot go to the village like them, you do not have the courage to know the village and the day you get that courage, then you are something.  Tree you do things and jobs and projects and be in d gee economy when you can actually live like this I went with my mouth raised I have to go with my parents mummy said I am not feeling well I said yaad a I am going to the village, this courage will have to come in the middle class, late when I was an employer, organization journey, no one travels in actual, he is doing it in actual, there is only a tree that does not have even a few lives, there is no relief, there is no relief.  That also goes up to one level, otherwise trees would be lost in the entire space. Till now, the responsibility for the growth of everything in the old company is not yours, it is just spreading raita.  It's like this, even if the company ends, the caste within the government job is such that you don't know if you will go on leave, then what will happen, this is just the condition of him, I talk to people and tell them that D moment gives his left kidney, then it means that  How to give leave, that's why kidney is given, but the cost of D bus, people laughed, I am telling the truth even on my video, there is no message, Dr. is not doing comedy here, even though it seems like a serious matter, it is a matter of pain that leave is you.  How do you take away what is now in June?  As the month is coming, you will go for 3 days and 4 days. Story: You will go to the mountains, you will get stuck in the traffic there, it is okay and everyone will be reaching there, Sari Middle, your Nainital will be met from here, everything will be happening on time, after that you will come back on Sunday and then again on Monday.  You will go to the job, no break, nothing, there you will feel cold, cold and there too, you will take 3 days leave, 4 days leave, you will not take photos everywhere, you have to do it quickly, meaning the health of your body and soul.  You have to do it like this, is n't it better that you relax a little? Jain, when was the last time when you did not reduce one month? Do you know the peace of it? It is 1 month. So, in English, people started speaking all the articles as sabbatical. Pronunciation. This right is separate year, 2 years, according to me, 1 month is 1 month, don't relax, even on day off, it makes noises tomorrow, so I will make this one for you today.  I am going to tell people one thing, with just a little secret, become less clever and less afraid, who cannot fire you, I am telling you the inside story, your bus can misbehave with you, I cannot fire you, I this  Many people say that you, my friend, you have already finished Chhath at home, why do you have to sit wearing it now, I am not wearing a court on this because he is too ill-mannered, I am in a chiller environment, it is okay and so on.  I am relieved in my childhood, I go and take this interview, these jobs are all very less, we know how much is the cost of getting a new employee training and we are the calculating caste, if we read the rungs of any bus, the higher up will fire you. Even a bus has its own poles, there is an owner above the real owner, there is someone there, and at the top there is a lion holder who is thinking that he is the sole owner of the company, he also has a lion holder, so there is no one else.  It will turn out that you do n't be so afraid, don't send so much torture, tell him, it's a holiday, I need company, I am not asking for yours, it is required, tell me why do I need a date, this is not of your concern, force me to insure the mother, give pain in the stomach, wife and child.  I have to spoil my health, this note is my reason, it is my holiday and I am not oil, how can I speak like this, I can speak with my mouth, no, then what will happen, I am afraid, what is the thing I belong to, I will not be fired from his job.  I do n't have the capacity to judge how many were fired and how many were not, then he will not appraise me, he will do good to me, he will do this to me, he will do that to me, your life is still going on like this, at least make it work, otherwise it's mine.  Salary will not increase, reduce expenses, do side business, Vibhishan, get a job, those who are getting this increase, appraisals are good, are more happy, do this like a song, enter it again and again and then juice  It is not from but it is thrown away, hold on tight and sometimes when the situation is bad, help the bus and when you have time, do not take the right which is your leave, further if you want the video, on Saturday Sunday, if you are worried.  If yes, then how do you have to reduce it? If you are an employee, if you are six, then please tell me, I will make a video of this thing that you will just call me tomorrow and ask why you did not pick up the phone and tell anyone else the emergency number in your house. dad's  I have given it to father, tell me tomorrow, where is your son, why is he not ghosting you? If you want to learn this, do something without leaving your job, then it is okay for you to tell me. So, if you want to learn all these things, then go to the information group below.  If you want to subscribe, then I will tell you a small thing like I want to tell you that you have to give 3 months notice or two months notice, it is not necessary to give any notice. Some?  Will not do the same, does not put his 2 months' litigation cost for one month's salary, only no other area article, no one can rock you and on going, a butter think but that is the thing, keep it all so brother, it is the most office office person.  We should be afraid of the police, we should follow the system of our country, we should not be so afraid of Boson too, you follow all those things correctly, you live your life in a well-designed manner in your job at zero.  Too  In fear you keep raising from time to time that if I am fired from some job, then why would I be fired for that, then what will happen to me, will I become like this, how much will I become like this, I do n't know but if it happens then I will not be like this.  If it happens, I will always keep myself like this, you understand my point, disease is the thief of everything, so it should be treated, not allowed to be treated, it should be left, then you should understand that this is something in a pragmatic way, my all.  Dear parents, what will happen like this, how will it happen in job, there is a very big reason behind fear, that reason. If you want to know, there is only one reason, there is only one reason that when you are afraid and if that thing is that reason in your life then go.  So what is your fear, what is that gas, then write if you want that in the next video, I have made it like this, do n't leave the clip on the hanger and in the next episode, that Karan is the reason behind the fear of the middle class. one reason and that  If Karan is not yours, then you go into life with such strength and bat with front foot and you are also not afraid, then please write a comment, I will make a video, thank you very much, share the match, subscribe, like, do both these things.  Band Kari, then you people do less and there is another effort from me that if you can increase the subscribers in your friend circle then it will be even better. Brother, seeing this thing, I did not enjoy it, I did not enjoy it, I did not get discussion.  Discuss your groups, family groups, friends groups, I am like an anchor that I have left the topic of discussion. Discuss what is your own take because what are you afraid of? People are talking, everyone's thought is Rakhi, he has just left it.  No one should say, it is okay, it is okay, you are the one who is the Indian, as you have said, we had got independence otherwise the British should have left us so soon, story, story, there will be some sour uproar, otherwise these people will not give freedom, they torture like this.  Always remain so, you have to be in a subtle way, like this Bosmo has to make a face, you can also make a face, do n't smile, never smile, just make a good morning video, I will tell you the trick very well. You have got very good training from me on survival. Those who are working after taking training from me are happy in the corporate. I am not of this rating, this is my voice, I am satisfied with 23. The file is the worst.  It happens but mine is going well, the rest is also not good, my wife is also happy, she is also doing something, I am also helping in that, I am also spending time with the children and I am very happy in life, I have got stability from you.  After joining, if you want to join, you can also take membership. You can take platinum membership of the channel. But understand it better, Balai Jati is happiness course, something came from my happiness course, Vishwa Everybody sold.  You can also take Tech and C Platinum Membership by downloading my app and purchasing it directly from there. Platinum Vetiver Way You Fool is Comfortable I Think Happiness Course. Those who have taken it please write in the comment field to get freedom from all the things. You got the template there.  If you have it or not, please let me know. Thank you very much. Match.