Hello friends, this video is specifically made for ladies, email women, but you are a man, definitely watch it because if you have a daughter, your wife or your future wife, then it is applicable for everybody in this society, the topic is fine, basically this definition of success is fine, month, women, listen.  So please tell me whether it is so or not, it is not that I have come up with anything, Hello friends, I make my teacher like this, I want to be corrected, I want to be corrected, I say  I am here, come check, check my paper, I am sharing the knowledge, you check it, analyze it, 28 year old girls, 22 year old, 21 year old, 25, 26 year old, 27, 28 year old girl who is listening.  This is nonsense, she can't comment, she can open her mind with an open heart, a 42 year old has the right to speak about pregnancy because I am targeting her.  I am saying that brother, this is about success, is it yours or not, you can speak nonsense, they all have it, everyone else will have to listen, this is the right definition of success, they have grown up with them, they take bath, wash, eat and drink and go to the college police.  My husband is gone, he is busy with his things, I have time to look at my body, I am not getting enough of it. Apart from my children, I have a personal life. 23 24 25 26 28 Am mother of kids.  Who are like 15 16 17 18 years old 40 years old baby and sense of fulfillment hai padha diye banaye dikha dikha kuch ho gaya apna rahe 11th ke bachcha mummy ne latkta baba and this lady ise not ritu tu anything aapke main aaj definition I want to tell all our girls from pages 22, 24 and 27 that the settlement word is caught, the second word is caught, this is the system. Who said this, who is asking to do a job? Well, some people are wearing glasses and wearing a white shirt. What color is this jacket? Well, a person who cannot do good for himself cannot do good for others, hey, you are actually confused.  And people say Buddha but that too has to be heard. Look what trolling people have to listen to. I am an astrologer. Saturn does not sit after blackening the hair. The white hair of knowledge has turned white. It is the program of those who do art. [MUSIC] [MUSIC] I have already given it and you guys can join in. If I do it in the future, I will give the history. Okay, change the definition of the need to settle. Settling is now a thing happening in this marriage, you guys.  Tell me in anger and say that you are doing this, this is animality, this is marriage, this is the pleasure of giving, you have said enough, it is time for me, you say, I have 40 lakhs sitting here and they have kept this sour dish and someone like this will come to the wedding or else.  Cutiepai will come to tell me something else about the marriage and also the marriage. Every time he comes, what are these youngsters these days? Tell them that the marriage we have done is dirty, you are making life very sexy for me, son, go ahead, it is very good, I like it.  We will love you, this sir is very good, Guruji is very good, Acharya ji is very good, everyone has kept the name and number on their own, so something will be made of that also, okay, you tell me, otherwise the parents will say like this.  Rakhi is like this, I am also telling you about the generation, so this confusion is going around, this is the new generation, this is never seen in the old generation and now Baba, what are all the others, this is God, do something else, get that in life too.  Tell me ok ladies who are married, do you see about life please comments will also come, I have two or three friends of girls these days, I feel that at least among my subscribers there are 30.  40 women, friend, tell me this otherwise she is having a child at 38, a child is being born at 39, she is having an old age child, 41 year old woman, I am addressing you, see, the one with gynecology and the one with biology are as late as the chest.  I do n't know where and how late babies appear in so many states, what tests are done and those who have had late pregnancy, please tell me what? What are the complications, what are the extra tests, what are the precautions, what can happen, I don't want to do all that in terms, then it will become more technical but I have to tell only briefly because such thing happens at home, right here science teacher.  And I did not become a biology teacher, but I am telling you that early pregnancy is all scientific till the age of 22 years, 25 years, 30, 27, 28, 30. Comfortable for body recuperation and raising a child. Ladies ' energy in their strength becomes low. People are the same in the default setting. Now they have to give energy to a new life force. If you have a child then you have to create it above. Not only this, you will get irritable and many women who 30 31 32 have committed the first murder, that we are complete, now there is no marriage, so this is the one who is going to tell because someone  He is going to tell you that you will get married soon, you will get only one person in a thousand, otherwise there is no number, then it is possible that I will get married today and will not have any unplanned child in the future. If physical God forbid, if I have a child, then it is a different matter. Adarsh, this is also a fact, okay, so what will you do, you became a mother at 24 years, 25 years, 26 years, now the child is also 15 years old, take the child along with him, he is also jumping, till 32 years there is a job.  What are you doing in a job? 30000 is very less and if it is lost, then how much are you doing if your husband leaves your job, will you get that ultimatum, you will get married, you will get married, then after that that job will also go because now that job is gone.  I was going to have a child at the age of 35. So did you take me from 22 to 35? Have you prepared for the job? To settle down; To settle down; Definition of to settle down; People are looking to change partners these days. Maybe they want to change the wife and husband. Jobs don't change. The attrition rate seems to be a big thing. If you get a job and earn money, you can do it anywhere, India, you are in other western countries like we wished for a minimum amount of money there.  Their minimum wage rate is 8-10 dollars, whatever you guys see, tell me who is a foreigner, who is not a foreigner. NRIs are listening. It is not difficult for me to earn that much money. Took baby, cheated, did this, took the money, went to the library, sat here for 4 hours, spent money at the petrol pump, can you reduce the money, same will happen in India [Music]