Hello friends, work life balance, this topic is a new and excellent perspective that you may not have heard of and it will definitely give you validation. So stay connected with this video till the end. Those who do not subscribe, please subscribe so that you can forward such.  You are watching and those who like the video don't forget to like it. If you ask less then people give less too. If you like it then press like. If you like it by force then it is okay then work life balance, many books, many videos, many things.  It is not practically possible, I will not have to do it, people say that it is work life balance, women are taught a lot of English, men are still taught less, it is okay and they are taught more, so I am a little different on this.  I am telling you today's day, uff visual like in the middle times or in these sentences, there used to be fights, there were [ __ ], there was addiction, men used to die, they used to bite each other and there were a lot of boys.  So relatively in Twenty20 world it's related spoon supply is fine but at work place is welcome at work's to-do list so this is to give time energy and focus three things you have to give you want promotion in your job to meet target to increase salary Even if it is okay to have a job, you will have to pay attention to these things. You will have to put in physical effort, you will have to put in mental effort, you will have to focus, you will have to give time, right? This will be a problem, you will see that someone's life was completely and very well, he will later explain anything to Surya, his family man and the thing is that he gave hundred percent to his work and if you also give eighty percent then  Also, you are far behind them because the merit list is very tight, that is, if you give 95a then you are far behind the hierarchical organizations, both government and corporate.  Also, where everyone cannot become everything, that you cannot become the Cabinet Secretary, which is the top position, almost Nigerians that where that thing is at the level of what is the boss, then not everyone can become even the top notch, it is okay that he is not like that.  It's okay and the job is based on the fact that everyone is at your level only, this mummy P level is not able to go even on that level, okay many people can't go, so you have to see that those people who are constantly pushing.  There itself  Going up and their rest is a compromise. It is not possible that there are 500 things in your life, job is late work, tickets, three, family, late days, relationship, relative, health, mental health, relaxation, vacation, paying attention to children, paying attention to your spirituality.  Even Religion Practicing Kasam Rail Engine Some Top Activity Spiritual Activities These types of different activities help in improving your health.  Related, there are many of these eggs, all of them do not fit in 24 hours, and a boy, yes, it is fine, but if you are working on Sunday also, then some of your work will travel and that will work on Sunday and Saturday also.  If he is doing it for the organization, for the corporate, for that company, then that single person is very good, now you are struggling with such a situation of life, let's check hand in it, you will find in which the marriage is late.  The one who gets married and has children looks good. The one who did not have children or had one instead of two, then you feel that he is going ahead in life because whatever things you achieve in the job.  That time table is not visible that brother, what is his post, how much is his salary, how does he wear clothes, what kind of car, these things are changeable when you are working in a relationship, which is the cost and works of marriage on a relationship, then it is not known in it.  husband and They don't know about the relationship with the wife, my relationship is getting better, it is so bad that I can't give such a number out of 100, do you think that I am giving time to my wife, how is it that you don't feel any benefit? What does this wife mean, it is okay, the wife is also the parents of a husband and wife, and time is passing and the parents are also getting old, the wife has her own security, which is period.  When the time comes, who does not get tension, your personal happiness is your own, spirituality, hobbies and your health, there is a child sitting inside you, you have to take care of him also, at a very deep level in the subconscious of your body, you have a child who is a great one.  You can be happy playing the role of a bald woman worth Rs. but thousands of rupees cannot be spent on it or it is not taken care of or you are not given any attention or you are stuck somewhere else with money, who needs time to go to a place of peace and meditate with his family.  Is it possible to enjoy sitting peacefully in the mountains or at any place like this, but you are not getting time for it? You get this time, he used to get three days to four days, till date I have been seen taking leave of 15 days.  The cost of commuting becomes more visible when it is heavy and the type is not without much difficulty in the cost of living there, flight tickets and commuting taxis are developed, even if people go for more than three-four days, they immediately come back after taking photos because Ultimately I see that the focus is on work because work is something, it is cost merit list, appraisal is done quarterly, half yearly, if you are early then do not lag behind in the race, made it very good night, you are atty percent in everything. So you can have very good quality of life and happy life but yes, your promotion there also happened at 2 labels less in a year, you who were with you, who did everything like this here.  You are two levels lower than me. It is okay that any man can give everything in a relationship and if money is not less then there is no value in the relationship, so it is not that you sit in front of your parents every day and experiment with your wife's feet. When are you coming?  You are feeding the food, you have performed the Aarti, but the whole time you have seen our Banoti, he is not going to ask anything, but even there you have seen him coming a little or about yourself, have you created your own zone that is between 12:30 to 2 o'clock.  Astrologer  This is my light's comfort, this is my expense, water, I am 15 or I am a golfer, this is not mine, friend, I will do this, three to four of these, you have made your activities, this is not the balance, I don't want to tell you, don't see the balance because it will keep changing and Everest  Will be in balance fixed constantly. When you check balance constantly and do it consciously, let me tell you with a great example that the space increases a lot for  Example: Let me tell you to walk from here to here and show me the normal top 10 steps. I will check whether something is fresh or not. I keep this book on my head. Now this one's balance should not fall or that in an older time. I don't know yet.  Now in the village, water is used to calm down the pot and it will spill quickly, but she used to balance the pot while carrying it, so if you have kept a pot, then press it so that the pot does not fall.  If you keep it then your stress increases. What are you doing? You are trying to balance it. Whenever you try to balance something in life, whether you have balanced it or not, it will increase the fresh force of Western media and whatever these people create.  By writing all these videos and books, they forcefully stress you, not only do you have to balance, but you have to taste where you can get it here today, you got that opportunity, understand this, but it rained Israeli and it is raining, build your body, this is your question No.  You are saying that I have to balance work life, it means it is raining, the weather is feeling romantic, pretending to have a stomach ache in the office, go home ahead and tell your wife that it is a good time, I will make you tea, I am not sure who you made me real.  Work life balance has to be done, I am a little away from work, which is why this is not to be done, this is yours to keep, you have taken life out of one day, okay okay, there was a song, tell me which one, what is this, at this age, life has to be taken out of life.  Remove some age and then submit it.  If I remember the songs then I will tell you, it is okay because videos are not made to impress you, they are made to help you, if they are made to impress then that music and that song by cut copy pasting is also fine.  Because my job is to make the intelligent person understand, okay then to make the intellectual understand or to make you a big intellectual or if you are small then to make the small one bigger, okay then we have to pull the life from sleepless day to day to that life which is there in the morning.  Waking up in the middle of sleeping time has to be pulled, has to do anything in it, has to play pranks in the office or was there and now people will not teach things like this, somewhere he remained sitting till o'clock just sitting because there will be promotion but the body of machines will get money, get money.  What will happen in it, it is decided that ₹100 will go to the chairman, if it increases by ₹100, then it is ok, you will get 70.60, you will not buy anything from it, or you will have to pay GST, you will go to eat, you will go to watch a movie, you will buy a car, or you will have to pay for clothes.  So work for this, this much money can be earned elsewhere by investing, doing some more work, getting your wife to work, seeing some business ideas of your wife, then money is important, don't search, don't search, this hard work of money in job, now people will say, this is it.  If you have a job or profession, then there is money. Initially, if it is a government job, then there will be three percent increment. Then, 14 toes were unappreciated for me. I don't want cigarette power. Many people take everything from their job. I have seen that you want to have social relations only with employed people, only then do you want to meet them in private, even after seeing them for 8 hours, you want to meet them only because you have not expanded your circle, only who knows the cooling of the workplace.  Do you know what different things you will get to know? Time is limited, you have work life balance, you are partying with the same, that is, what do you do on Friday in the office? I see that when I go to the villagers for research, banana fiber etc., everything is done by doing everything.  The team will sleep and then the boss will read some English there, he will have some cards and then he will make you drink a lot of alcohol, this is his motivation and here you will pass the time by doing this and you will listen to him talking nonsense. For the first whole week, he did it in the office and then you guys talked to each other.  You played in the present tense, you saw a lot of each other's face, after that on Friday you go and drink a lot of alcohol, after going to us, your Saturday is also over, life is fine because hangover, you ate too much in your stomach.  I have acidity, I was getting it for free at many places because I had taken a lot. Boss also gets cards. Do you know he knows all the sugar? Or sometimes people do the pulling themselves. Is it okay, I will also give you 2000 water.  Will also give and many times this oath, be it office, party etc., this meaning is to see each other, the balance of the balance sheet is real. Now after doing all this work, then watch the video of work life balance and then read the book, all work life balance will be done and  like this  Remember this is working. Being with your boss in any setting is working. Remember this. Being with your college people, with people you see in the office, will remember the year. This is not life. People consider it to be live. This is not life.  Life is personal growth, personal people, different agenda in which your company, your institution, your office, your department, you have nothing to do with those people because if you want to get rid of them because one day they will crush you.  If you want to get rid of them, you will have to keep the time between them - 40 hours, 45 hours, half an hour. You will have to give it in writing for the week because they cannot give awards. Apart from that, don't give even an hour, but people give it.  I am thinking that I will keep hanging out in front of Bigg Boss. If I mix up the Friday party, I will get angry and my promotion will not come. There can be huge possibilities of learning and networking because of this, to do something and find peace.  It is okay to live a relaxed life but it is missed. Just imagine sitting with your boss on Friday, you could have watched a good movie with your wife, you could have eaten food, you could have cooked something yourself, you could have eaten outside.  There were some other possibilities and by wasting them, you made your stomach such an acid card that on Saturday you were no longer able to get up, nor were you able to walk, nor were you able to eat. Now on Saturday, what kind of voting have you done for your family, what a terrible shooting you have put yourself through.  Mind  I am not doing this, you are drinking coffee at 11:00, do you like these practical things, you write your speed in the comment section, it is okay to write, so if I because my name is a person who stands for practical knowledge, which does not work in life.  He is unemployed, there is a lot of information which he is providing, it is not of any use, that thing which is real in your life, what is my work, to awaken your light through videos because my main work is astrology, okay and This is what people are doing, thinking of it, I don't know, it is another kind of work that I will tell your future, your future can see this file, there is no need to tell anyone what you are doing today, your tomorrow's future, what you will do tomorrow sleeps above.  Okay, you don't do exercise, you eat too much food, your future will be worse if you eat wrong food, there is no need to go to an astrologer, you don't ask your wife, you do n't ask about your relationship, you don't give time at home, it is going to get bad, you need to go to this kind of person.  If not then this is the boss In the sycophancy of the chart, you cigarette personal cost find boston responsive definitely feels good, go and press its feet in practice, it will feel good, no one will refuse, okay, so if it wants to give you feelings, then I have kept my pass for those feelings. Keep your parents, keep your children, caste, even when the message, work life balance, balance will come automatically, don't see kit stones, go for rent, don't go for abuse, then you  Even if I give you the posted scales and here I give you one of two kg and here I give you one for adding potatoes, I will keep getting it and the stress is that I should balance it, I never tried to balance it, I just did not have it.  Go with the flow and try to focus on this fight this site will attract which side effect office space steal as much time as you can mentally because that's why I want to make more videos like that Yes, but they will start making profit from Illumina because as many systems have been built over the years, their power is such that if anyone speaks against their systems, then the very systems which were created to be exploited will be torn apart, you understand.  A system has been created to make it clear to them, if someone else is coming and giving it to them, then the system will be made so lovely, these people will create a ruckus, these people are smart, this is friends, this and this are friends because  There is brain in this too and there is brain in this too, so both of them always respect each other and it is possible that whatever he is, he may have been this sometimes, now he can avenge the defeat of his friend, okay, you understand.  So we are very hot, very side and this is the percentage, what is happening, sitting, meeting, sleeping, how to keep them death cheap, motivation to keep these fools in that, divide divide, motivation does not always use the truth of the torch. In full motivation class, I will ask how much water do I have, otherwise will I get water or will I get full positivity? Thank you all, subscribe. If you like it, please comment. Thank you.