Hello friends, welcome to money mind-set series video number-12. You can watch 11 old videos which you have not seen. My request is that children of 14 to 25 years of age should also watch this series because money is being spent in schools.  And what is not taught and explained in colleges, I will not discuss about what is the use of what is explained and taught, but you can watch this series to grow your children and subscribe to channel 21. To see the lesson, today's topic is one, we are on fast, there is a lot of literature on security, pension security, videos and the entire social media and your print media and the second one is the media which is engaged, buy mutual fund shares, insurance sure that you have to be immanently secure.  You must have heard the term, it should be polite, secure, there should be an emergency fund of 6 months, it should be like this, it should be like that, the world discussed about it, you people also took part in many discussions.  You might have heard this or that, but today I want to understand one thing and tell you all, which I don't think anyone has explained so far about the importance of seating Jeet Vansh security in this one more minute, just like a child needs 33 numbers, 100.  Out of these, the target is very small, that I will do something good beyond this, the selection is made of freedom and English, I will also use my quantity, that I am just the next one, without social security, ninety percent of the people go through their entire life. Pension Freedom Way Do You Know Longer, very few people go to the award for money, but I am going to discuss about that too, I say to follow or go in that direction, it is not necessary to get too excited, that is the time, trying to tell all.  The moment of your case is that you think that we will earn money for 50, 55, 60 years and after that we will not be able to earn and this is the target. Many people have made it a match of T20 or ODI.  There are fifty overs, so many runs have to be scored, the rate is like this, we will bowl like this again, the returns will be like this, if you had bowled so many years ago, if you had bowled now, you would have got this much, you need this much on retirement because the expenses in them should be maintained like this, my friends.  But the money is not being spent, because these people have uploaded some friends, don't tell me that they are spending 50 lakhs on their daughter's wedding, they are typing like this and the expenses of such expenses, they have made it live and other things cannot be defined.  I am saying that it is foolish to live life like this because your concentration is going on those things every day, a little conductor to attract attention, stay connected with meditation, understand what to say, attention is being attracted all around, some acid classes.  I am saying, brother, take this, this much will go, so much will be needed, inflation etc., all the sun is being told, I want you to run or bat like Virender Sehwag, you only have to donate a minute. You are painting such a picture that you can't get any height in your life. You keep working when you are free from your sins. On the other side of the field, this one above will take you till now, no one snatches your bat.  Ca n't people will take China in 1350 In childhood China together China made powder before its Meaning flower as we say in Haryana, it is the state of milk and curd content, so if I go towards the appendix, I want this much for children, on retirement it will be 28,000 per month and this will be 15,000 for me, you don't think like this.  Do that when you are a team only to get 33 marks then it is certain that there will be a pen in the paper, you have to understand this, try to get marks, go towards 9095, good syllabus.  Understand, go towards Vindhya Region Tour 10, this is what you have to do, selection security is a very low level thing, it is something like I will not die of hunger when food security is below national security, food security is that food is available intact.  Okay, so there are many people who have crossed Indians, I am special by the mercy of God, then national security is very less, it was my minimum to tell you, please join.  Stay in this series, in the Money Marksheet series, I will take different contacts of different things which will open your mind, so the words are good beam a quick reaction, so those who are connected with me, I will support them differently on the ground of best creation.  I am taking you so that if you get stuck at one place, then it is not enough to be stuck, I will lose my salary for six months, this will be the case, this is all I have to do, or this is the end of it, this reason is only mine.  Old age will just get cut by this, it will not cut you. If it is cut then it is a very good thing if it is not cut, then learn this constant of others, attract the lion in life for the belt because in life, the same is the Aarti of Lord Lakshmi ji, everything is possible.  The mind does not get worried, due to which now everything becomes possible in life due to the power of Lakshmi and money. The mind does not get worried. How many more months, Mother, you too can do this. You all know these two lines of Hindu Lions, remember them well, that is why I am telling you about its power.  I know and want to take you people to the ground, how did you like this video, write in the comment section, National Security Vindhyachal at both the times, now in this what will hurt you know one in this world, can we be going to words crushed definition  Security is take care of yourself to preserve take care of yourself thank you