Hello friends, I had already told you that I have a great way to make you a consultant and one of the biggest terms in convincing a consultant is how to study, because ultimately cases will also come to you, situations will also come, okay, so how will you learn through study.  gets the most of different types of things, so today's study will be about a working wife staying with loss, this is quite a template, many people  If you are also a Gurjar then what will be the benefit of this? How does this study keep your wife from doing less? Or you are a housewife but you have gained knowledge and can give it to someone else. Another thing is that maybe you are a Gurjar because of this, maybe you have a breath which  The daughter-in-law is roaring with it, maybe you are this daughter-in-law, maybe you are the husband whose wife is roaring with it and whoever identifies with it, clapping like this, doing MIG, thank you, doing trees of concentration.  I am telling the highlights, I am doing these things on the get pad, I should also tell, not on the people, first things of course, that I am full of 1 1/2 hours of concentration on the name and exact, if I do not do it then the letters get diluted a little.  But I am giving the general template and how to study, how to study, what is the study, you take any city, like cities are big cities etc., newly married, girl working. Which you all would like that your wife should do a job and earn money, this is your daughter-in-law's earning, because even nowadays there is an inflationary society, so now this couple is a relief with this couple, if they want to be called a couple, then the story of living together now will be known later.  She is a girl and is employed. Oh yes, it's okay, tell me. If you go to the job, she works from Monday to Friday. She is tired too, so now she has come home. Okay, so she is at home now. I asked the broom to sit in the utensil.  middle Everything is outsourced in the class houses, so now what is the function that is held on Saturday Sunday, this original, the elderly are retired, they have to pass the time like this and many times they are bored at home because it is kitty party type.  The system is that you will also go, this is what should happen in India, this is what coming and going, brother, meeting, burning, socializing, brother, there should be a meeting in the family, so she is coming like this with a trailer on Saturday Sunday, she has become Bhave Media.  Okay, and the daughter-in-law has to be shown, doesn't she do very little like this? Sushil also knows, it's not taking a tool of the lady. Okay, it's okay in the young couple head consultant, so they say, yaar, take us along too, don't agree.  They make faces and father is very domineering, the house is father's, it is okay and he says that now because of you, should we stop calling people, that is also a fact of the girl, it was her setup, she had friends of hers.  She had friends, her relationships with people, how many people are you feeling, are you the story, are you not the parents, what is happening to you, where can you give the freedom, why Jain is your relative's and they are your relatives, why Namaste?  Why should she do it and she won't even say 'Namaste'? What kind of etiquette is this? There are 3 bedrooms and she is sitting in one room watching her Netflix. Yes, she is watching. She has switched from Monday to Friday. She has to relax. Now she is husband and wife. He wants to run away. Okay, your maternal uncle is coming, your uncle is coming, father is coming, uncle is coming, they are your relatives, not yours, yes no, they are not getting along, we are not interested in meeting, nor are you interested in your buttons. No, you people, when the next generation can't sit and talk to their parents for 15 minutes, then how will they talk to their distant relatives of this generation, then they go to the cinema hall again and again, now let's go to the cinema hall. He said, ji, ba ji is coming, uncle ji is coming, uncle ji, whichever relative of yours is coming, okay, he is coming at 1:00 o'clock, he has gone, the Pathans will come after seeing the picture, then they will do the counting, then you know, they would have gone by then.  Come on, he is coming in the evening, what will you do now, then what will you do next fugitives, okay then there is only one cure for this, hydrogen, why do you live with your parents and why don't you live next door to your parents, to save rent.  If you have then you  You will have to face trouble in sleeper class, its ticket is expensive, you have no reason to spend money while staying in sleeper class and spoil its charm. Hey, you tell me, your father and mother's camera is this and your camera is this and this tax is inside the wall.  Okay and this distance is 10 m, so if you have taken any house within 10 m from your gate, the one on the upper side, the one on the back side, within the same 10-20 m, then what is the problem?  They will get it now, what do they talk about at night? Mom has lost it, she doesn't have to make roti at night because she does the roti for the son, then after crying, she has to make three for the daughter-in-law because the husband will make the same for her husband.  It is made for your husband, it is an old model, if there is a registry, if there is Rakhi, then the husband will eat from his wife's hand, then he will make his own too, then it will be made for his son, now how will he show it to the daughter-in-law, your life is the enemy, you should make your own eyes.  For him  You also have to make bread, so I said, when you live with your parents and you save on rent, then you taste the taste, when the house seems to be running automatically, which vegetables to bring, which milk to bring, which kitchen to look for, I want money from the video.  Sometimes I feel like I am a villain but I am anti-elderly among the people or I am anti-men or I am pro-women or whatever, it is not like that, I am not pro of anyone, I am a supporter of whatever is happening.  After watching the video he will know that this is true. Guruji is saying, okay, so I said, when you taste the taste of mother, then you do not have any problem with her, but you want that breath, set three meals a day, set mine, set everything, make life better and  Then when his payback time comes, he says, yes son, you used to get bread at that time, you don't have to worry at home, the electricity bill is gone, the plumber is living in a guest house, now what are you doing, what do you have to do, you just have to smile a little, come and give it to me. Sona apun ko me and mine  If she is in trouble then stay away, but why are you in trouble because you will have to pay 25-30 thousand rupees, she is a girl, how much is she earning, if it is 40-45, then the job costs 50,000 rupees for her living separately, then what is the use of her job.  It will be zero, this is the problem, this is the problem, my head is my tail, my style is not yours, there is no perspective in life, very clearly give head, you are the female.  By the way, running 3 lakhs, let's go, democracy should be there, this is the house you have bought yourself, you have suffered that, do that, here I do not tell this to the elders at all, this is the first video of mine, do n't be greedy, no, and husband, you are the one who got the bill and we are useless.  We will not spend money and will live with love and cook food together like we do these days. Sorry brother, in the beginning you will think that you are very smart and what mask are you wearing boys? That's when I said the word to him, I did this.  You had never spoken words to her before. You have made so many thousands of videos. Why did I say those words to her because you feel worthless? Don't do anything less than yourself and what mask are you wearing? How can I leave my parents to serve my parents? Hey!  What are you doing for you, you go to office in the morning, you don't cook food in the morning at home, neither do you make the bed, nor do you clean the toilet, nor do you cook the evening meal, you have no contribution, your parents have nothing and this is the least, whatever you do.  take mom sometime  Do it in 2 months. Have you ever made a mirror in a month, have you ever taken any medicine, which is a caste by phoning home. If you do n't know the story in big verses, then what are you doing to contribute? [Music] You become young.  Only the couple would be the villain, we are dear to each other, parents should also see how you are, tell them [music] That's why the famine has come, there are many breaths, the daughter-in-law is being enslaved, first the husband is doing it and then she has come from me. I need consultation, not gastrology, but first freedom, not people, tell her, go to the next house, take your own drink, make it, the child will take care of the grandson, the granddaughter will be taken care of, not the way to handle you, welcome, welcome, are very happy with me, Vativer, I am like them, they say, right, in the movies.  I opened my eyes while typing, my tears went on typing, something like a date happened with me, it is a very happy story, there was nothing wrong in it, it was good  So please understand that they will not survive without you, yours will also survive without them, so when you can't survive without them, then why are you a hero? You will do this much, wear nice clothes, tell her husband that you are fine.  Good clothes are successful and we have got this success in this. This template has been taught and explained to many people and they are enjoyed in their life so it is Hajj Daan Wonders on People. Now you will say, yes, you get paid for doing these things too.  Same should I be like you meet me and is it so easy to hear now but what will you do if you get K. Tell me, this must be happening with your own daughter, with your daughter-in-law in your in-laws house.  Must be happening around you, but you can explain it easily in this way, first understand your emotions, if your emotions you want everything from you, it is like this, the entire Christmas party is yours.  Yes, I want to enjoy yours, thank you.