That Hello friends, today's topic of parenting is very interesting. Children do not listen to us, what to do. Some of me are very happy to come to my different consultations in the webinar. So today make it an internship and here too I take the children late. 1718 16  The period from 17 18 years to 23 24 25 26 27 years, from higher education to finding a job, getting a job and getting married.  It's okay, after that, if I become a child at the age of 35, it would be a different matter, but I am having my period. 1727 Halka, you have to show the video to your children who are of this age, they have to understand it themselves [Music] Generation Judge says okay. Children born in 1968 Jhalawar are fine and first of all, if your children are not listening to you, then instead of finding fault in the children, first of all think why they can't listen to you, is n't it your point?  I have a feeling that maybe back in Lever Limited and what you are telling them, it is not striking them because today and there is going to be a deeper thing that the children see that they talk to the parents about marriage but always  She used to cry, she never looked happy for marriage and she was a girl and I saw her help, so she was a housewife and mother said that you should study and write, otherwise you will keep making bread in every way. Now the girl will get a job, now her culture is this.  It turns out that the economic  I have to become a slave to marry a man. Jai Ho. If I do this, then I need to get married so soon and my mother tells me to get married now, then she does not ask for help. 6 questions going on in the subconscious mind.  That's it, friend, you don't look happy to me, now you are telling me quickly that I mean, first of all, complain about your father for the whole life, fight for the whole life, do this for the whole life, I am not demeaning the mother, give an example.  I am fixated on this, the father of fathers. They were never happy in their job. They are struggling and crying. If it is going on then maybe the children say that by keeping them in the job, I will be on top because the children are monitoring your life when they see you.  That is, when children do not agree to your words, then you have to see that there is no difference between your actions and words. That is one of the country. If it is also related to actions and words, then you have to see what suits you.  Brave in the duel Sanskrit word Now if it looks like candy then it is very clear to them not to have any problem because they are so smart, now this generation is not well enough to earn bread, clothes and houses, it is the world champion and is troubling the hatred in the job. This was in our time, your father was very poor, so there is no compulsion, even today those whose father has compulsion, those children can throw tantrums whose parents have achieved military status, then this thing  But the parents should not feel sad, should not cry, should not get worried, that is the achievement that your child can wake up comfortably from sleep, there is not that much anxiety in his life and those people say that if he will not let me, then I have to give the initiative that our father has given us.  I myself had said that if you were in such a system where there was nothing, then your family has to come, I always provide one generation, the second generation takes me up, the third generation relaxes and enjoys.  Is there any one, you pick up the digestive, one of its kings has a hold on India in any history, people hold that one king folded the umpire, he kept on fighting and quarrelling, the other one suspended him a lot, the elder one will take hold till the third and fourth generation.  Jhala Test Monuments Making Art and Craft Dancing and singing I have fun SSC These patterns are seen, then if your child is busy in the usual work but wants to do something a little different, a little creative.  If you Israeli is a ready made model, if you don't want to follow the formula, then it is not a bad thing if he is taking drugs, wasting time, going to random friends, staying out at night, okay friend, he stays and  Sadness is applicable to both, it is okay for girls, still it is a little different for boys, you know, in our society, boys are given a lot of attention. Please specify, if your boy hangs out, then you have to question, now how is that? I will not sleep with you, I will. I am a boy  So you will have to listen, so now the police is facing this contradiction, first introspect yourself and then see that he is on the side of the rebel, he is feeling like this means he should not listen to you, are you telling him that from everywhere? Be it to the straight that today's meeting opportunity online dating daughter also don't know anything witch let's discuss which one what do you want to do or want to do a good product have you got what plot is purely I he my friend his friend when your  He has crores of rupees to invest his money and business is in his blood. If your son does n't have it then tell you. You were saying that I will do drama with him but I also have to give full equity, so you should discuss all these things. First of all, you have to always introspect yourself that why your children are not listening to you, the entire remote is yours, the remote is yours, the TV is its original, everything is the matter, now it is not working, that means the connection has been broken, then Gupta.  14 years old  At the age of 12, we feel that at the age of 18-19, the children do not listen to us. What are we making them listen to in the age of 11 to 15, what are we making them do? We do not analyze ourselves and the child is physically small and even smaller mentally.  He is not feeling well but he cannot stand and speak, so at the age of 19-20, he gets the courage and now he is speaking a lot at the age of 14.  He used to listen to me at that time, it was a compulsion, yes, this performance too, what payment did you make to him and what did he gain from it, he is always checking, he said that he is a son, some child asked someone in 1011 that we Requested Scientist Why do you do that with a different What happened in my life, you will know later Even the teacher says that your net is important Hey, I want to ask today 3540 It will be 45 years that you are not an engineer I am nothing but you, whatever you have read, I am totally infatuated with it, someone taught me something useful, someone who was born in Excel, someone taught me how to be happy, someone told me how to be proper, or how to make money from nothing, right?  There are some such things, you should do the work, you should not teach them in school, you should not show them in college, you should teach them after going to the job, now you are okay with it and still your wife comes, she is such that she doesn't come, then that mother-in-law and daughter-in-law of life.  When the married children go to that part, the children see that I will not listen to you because till date there has been no benefit in listening to me, this is a very big reason, whatever you tell the children, they have to see you, I have told my children.  There are 5 things to say to the person whether he got benefit or not. If there is benefit then he will improve and you will not improve. He said that you should open his demat account, explain to him about Sher and some money, he will see on his own.  If he sees something happening after that, then you get a bigger pension and now I also work for a while and I earn the money myself, I invest my money, you are giving him some special trouble, so tell me the practical things or the reason.  Judgmental all the time Monica Tu to kuch na karen Munna kuch se na upai Munna tu to kuch na karen paaye Hey ours it's like this What will he do Who will marry you Can't turn life around Then he comes upset Look, this is how it is for you  If you don't want to live with me, I will go to Australia and drive an Uber, I am fine, I will become a driver, I will tell you, I will drown, I will do anything, I will stay with you, this is happening with many parents right now, then it is okay to go abroad and do something Children lifted from our chest are a very lovely thing, I want to tell you that they are not extinguished, they are not like many parents, because they have so much candy in their life. In Paris, I heard it from the boss, it's okay, the boss tells it to you, the wife is telling it to you, this is the husband telling it to his wife.  narrating These two were narrated by their mother-in-law and father-in-law, so you have heard so much of the world that now you also want to narrate it, this child does not want to listen to anything of yours, so this is also a big pain friend, hey, at least listen to me and you for 15 years.  So I had been hearing it for 17 years, I was hearing it, hey, what has happened to being modern, now they say it to me as soon as I speak, and many others say it, now I feed on your crumbs, that is, the one who eats food, my money is gone, the increase in clothes is for me, so that is.  One  Sense of If you treat children like that, then somewhere or the other the children will stop listening and start indulging in the wrong path. Do not follow the children so much that if they are doing anything wrong, have wrong habits.  You are not achieving anything in life, I can't tell you that you can't run to the same station to take stock, I paid his tuition fee, increased it, wrote it down, now what else should I do, I do my job and no no, not like this.  can't run away  No one was planning to have 20 children, everyone should have two children, far away, don't run away with your responsibility feelings, if the child is sitting in front, then it should not be like that you are speaking and he has to listen to him and you are sharing knowledge and he is  Saying it's yours, it's yours and something else, ok, don't do it like this, instead of narrating to him, talk to him and listen to what is happening, brother, the scandal will be exposed, the father of the mother.  I have so many parent-teacher best friends that now they are among the rich families, even the middle class people come for consultation to listen to the children, why rapists are not wanted, the more they seem, the more disgusting they are, what to do, the lot of jobs.  Divorce is happening very rapidly. 15 years ago, you had thought that those who work today, I never thought that I can work in this way through this technology, what had you people thought?  There are many such jobs which are going to be created today, the child who is in seventh class is in eighth class, he will end up doing jobs which do not exist today, 10th Prepare Your Kids for Jobs for Students of Competition and there is an agreement with the Parliament about the sector.  If the industry will end further, then first of all you should describe your child as a happy and clear person who is connected with his feelings. Okay, so how did you like the video? Tell people. Thank you for sharing