Hello friends, Plant Series video number one is Deendayal Upadhyay Vivek Series, there is a series on Affordable Housing and the rest of my series are many related to marital jobs, so today I am starting a plot series because questions were coming on many plots also, so the syllabus is like this.  Teacher has to cover everything, teacher's job is to come at the right time and open the chapter, now there is a chapter on plants, only the plot will be discussed, there will be comparisons, I will tell it well in the first video.  If you guys like then the speed of second third floor fee will keep on increasing and their blood related things will be told on it, so today's Jo Mera Pehla I will discuss only two things on the device and their sub topics, you can buy their first two.  What is it and secondly the land is ours so we got some, I will discuss only on these two things, first of all you are the plant on the plot, can you buy it, can a 200 yard plot in Gurgaon at Mari location also cost Rs 2 crore in Delhi?  so we will discuss  Not only that, it is not only difficult but impossible to buy, okay, then we will discuss there, if we talk about the village only, then brother, if the thing with circle rate of Rs. 80 lakh is worth Rs. 2 crore, then how much will the speaker cost, how many will be worth Rs. 1.5 crore and how many will be Rs.  If you can tell this, please comment on the comment section and if you fix the race of Rs 1.5 crore then the loan people will give maximum Rs 10500000. If you are a salaried middle class person then no feedback. You will achieve, you tell me I am eating, you tell me when is it a loop or not, what is my pick of the sack, you are not my audience, so you people comment on me, I have clearly defined my audience, I have defined the middle class, the lower middle class. How much salary have I made till the upper video because brother you will come with stomach ache, but how will I get any benefit from the doctor, so I have a lot of paintings on astrology, marriage, family etc.  Add destruction to it, let the debate take place here, what I am telling about myself, I am telling for the unfree, salaried middle class, once this happens, father buys some daughter, this thing can happen to them too. They have not understood me and what is the ultimate benefit of taking a plot in life, which will increase, the rates of plots have increased, the rates of lotto have been high not many years ago and if they have increased, which I also know has to increase, then it is big in the past.  since year I had not made any videos since May-June and the juice ran out. If I started making the real ones in March, then tell me, those who have already started have their juice, then they planted it on the same tree to invest money or in someone else's house.  If we discuss about the second one, then the coat fulfills your end use requirement which is needed for living and you should buy it because if you buy it today, you will get it for this much, if you buy it after four years, it will be expensive, hence you should not buy it for that much today.  And having sold so much, I will become a Tagore, so it is for you to see whether the inflation rate will remain low, if you have taken it, then divert it in such a way that it will become yours and that thing, the salary will not increase that much, in the real estate cycle further, that  If you visit then you will talk about the plot that if we cannot buy maximum number of people then we have to discuss because if you can buy back then you have a lot of money and if you have a lot of money then you will play it on YouTube now. You can get a different platform form, you can do it in a different way, what condition should you take, you should definitely take it, if you have the capacity, you should definitely give it, but it should be taken thoughtfully, just like many people in Sector-89 were thinking before taking it.  Hey, you will never buy it at such a cheap rate, then other products have started coming there and you will buy it. When you go to buy, the rate is increasing. After buying, sell it. Tell me, is it not increased again and what is the bigger rate? But you can also send Taken 6 days ago The rate has increased Neither can the rate be increased by manipulating the transactions In the plot, whatever the four influencers of that area do on the basic basis, they can also be increased by doing circular trading among themselves that whenever the call is not completed, it is No, there is only one, there are a thousand plots, take a particular example of class 8th and it is launched and that too, listen carefully, the rate in Sector-2 in Rohtak will be 70.  If you are not able to get those results at Rs 80 thousand, then write in the comment. If I am telling you then because of being in Suncity, as you say, it is 1628 in Suncity, then if it is 5501 in Gurgaon, then take it, because if the rate in Rohtak would have been the rate in Rohtak. As far as Amit is concerned, you cannot speak about this location and I will tell you and explain that in Rohtak, you can take up to 150 in any small city, it can be any remaining city.  Yours is from the same tire 345 in the city of UP. Okay, let's learn this lesson, try to tell, you can listen carefully, there is less than the transaction. If you people invest money in the share market, then if there is one stop then its trading is less.  If the volume is less, then I can increase the Radha rate because there are less sellers and less buyers, so I thought of putting this border but it seems to be submitted but it seems to be submitted by hitting the upper circuit in Reliance and it is difficult for the company.  It is worth lakhs of crores, there is no indication of 20% of it, but the one that has been looted is worth Rs. 200 crores, whose trading is very less, the motor folds at 70% and the advice is to buy half to one percent hairs.  Those of you who go to the city will do it, I will tell you in a longer time, even if you do not take it in a lot of loss case, then I will tell the example in another way, I Rohtak got compensation because there is a lot of landscape. Havells was built because there is always a lag on time, so the villagers who were local were there to buy in the city and when he took withdrawal eyes, the market increased and in Rohtak, this and then off is made, right sir, you have built your plots near  If you remember hearing 50-55 thousand then you will not ask him to make a comeback, even send a message, whatever happens, he can show his attitude in Gurgaon because the market of Gurgaon is a mature market, the volume sleeps here.  Or let us pray for one person, five people cannot decide the entire quality market by insuring it, it is a different story as to which city you have to buy it and how to buy it, that is my own recipe. Once you start it, I will tell you about such products. You cannot teach the birth of a thing like this, you can tell a story from a particular micro market, from a particular city, that the line is raw material, it is very torn, the other products in it, land is also raw material, so now  In this, the price discovery will be of this increased rate because the buyer of Gurgaon today and in the coming time has specially said that he has the choice of many products, he has affordable housing, there is a plot of Deendayal Upadhyay, there are uploads of Deendayal Upadhyay which are far ahead in their own.  After doing this, a big product will be made and it will be ineffective, then after that there are ready to move in flats, boil non from old builders' flats, then new songs are being made.  In that too, there is recruitment, then there are builder floors which are being cut in the colonies, then there are the big giants who are building that product within their four walls, then when I separated them on the product of Gurgaon, I have come up with the fourth product.  The product in Rohtak is a not a good cutlet, the rest of the culture plot will be there only because the pendant is local money witch state 2,060 Aap SM Sahay, it has become so much, do it extra in Atom village. How much supply is there without taking, what is going to come, what is going to happen, what will be wrong and the most important things are you, you have taken the plot, now you will have to sell it because now it was taken from Jamuni Rahu, the curse of that excess product has made one in thousand autos.  I had taken it thinking that I am getting dry ginger and it will be affected and if I go to sell it then I do n't feel the crush of ₹ 15. How to and when further messages will come, when this thing will be ready, then this one which  Don't you have money, let's take this one and go, he will change it by drinking improve and then leave it like this because these SS also will have value, they will get better when you release them, then their rates will increase, so the daily point you will get is for the next four-five-six years. According to him, it is not according to today, that just now this pan was hot, I have left it, you are the judge, you have told me wrong, oh brother, you should not have touched it, nor has it cooled down, because of this survey.  Below you can see that the gas has been turned off. The pan is also hot. It is not yours. I make rotis on it. I cannot make rotis on it. The rotis that will be made are yours. The rate at which you will get the roti read withdrawal.  If you are getting these rotis cooked, it will become expensive. Remember to buy a lot of rotis and apply desi ghee in this roti and also keep it aside. For this good correction of pimples quickly, you have to visit the office of one.  The video is today, this device is a dynamic situation, it will change again in six-eight months, this video is posted every week, every 10-15 days, according to the current situation, it is being told that you have to see it when you return.  Second thing, we took the builder floor, we took it on the plot, the land is ours, this was the second topic of mine, the land is ours, so I want to do a space plane for some time, it is in our stomach that you have ever taken a plot of 30 inches.  Some grandfather and live in the same house, so what was it in the old tense, the plots, the land was somehow bought or the land was sold, less DLF and ne, see 325 in 1968, okay, I am crying, I am telling you the reason at that time.  The cost of making the machine was 12000 rupees, which means a plot of 500 yards was worth 15 rupees 100 and if a house with that clock was built on it, then it would have been fine at that time, the real estate was sweated last year.  If you follow for 20 years, then you will be called a teacher, is it a PhD or an electronic profession, whatever name you want to give, at that time the cost of construction was very high, so the man's land and the plot was also taken, it will be my land, you and I will discuss this in the meeting today.  I made something here, I made something here. Ladies used to think that children used to sleep here and men could fill everything. Talk about the city, not the village. It was like this in the city too, so they used to keep changing the rooms slowly, sometimes Pappu's.  When you get married, you get a room, then you start building a wedding hall, then you go to someone else's wedding and then an addition is made, then there will be children in the family, then some more additions, then that construction continues for 50, 60, 70 years.  And at that time it is very good to say that the land is ours, they cannot do any big work at night, similarly, in taking the help of other people, this proverb has entered into theirs, so now the proverb quote question that even you are not this relative. Today, the 263 yard Mudda plot that you bought fell on that paste in the base, behind the car, two bathrooms, two offices on the left, Lorva produce floor, three, four, one and on the big shaft, activity lip, Satyarth, after this, what will you make in it, the land is mine.  Now Shami, what will come out of me, will you add one more floor, the government will match the infrastructure to convince them, they have a meter road where they have friends, inside the green belt, Maa Sir will burst in the car.  The government has made changes in the picture, juice was coming out, this is to be made, G 24 has passed, now for the fifth time you can put it in the machine, so Holi it and in this, when you took the builder phone of 263 glass, then how much is your share of land.  A TV came, I was about 18 years old, you are the owner of a bench, you are at peace, a nice house is falling apart, who is there, you need to break it, will be promoted in all the tehsils, the house is good, good houses are being built, so when he  If you can't make much or break it, will you make it 885 and those flats that are being built, brothers and sisters, these are the people with y1 who are going to go together and as far as the land formula is to be set, these are clear thousand flights coming in 18 sectors. So here we are looking at your share, extra loot is also coming here at 2 o'clock, no, I don't care that when it will be broken, this is all the land, it will be divided among so many people, so this much is yours, so you have to think whether the land is ours or the land is not ours.  Is  No sky is ours, nothing is ours, all of us have to stay here, it is just our deeds and the blessings of the people. Okay, and that too does not stay with us. For how long, you have to see. Practically speaking, this is forward-looking, we will make the flight welcome easier with submit class stadium.  Easy pictures of the blitz which offers status and those products now when they come in position 2000 22 23 24 will look at the elements that this thing is fine  If it is being made well then blindly praise the plot just because you see the rate increasing. If the rate increases then I am not acting but is he now big on the same and should we take this selfie to increase the real estate rate? And if you have not yet bought a house, have not sent it for your child or do not want to buy it for another child, then you have not yet reached the investment page. This is the work of investment stage which requires 10  20 30 friend that he can play all the games, then you have to see that in the lottery, if he buys the raw material for the cloth, then I will make the rate of the cloth very expensive and the readymade will be bought with good app and better finish and  It is available at a cheap rate and if you cannot use the above and cannot use it on that post, then it will definitely stagnate, which is not rocket science, all you have to do is find out the rate.  What else is this, Ambani is back in this one, the thing due to which the tents increase is a surprise, it is hard, sustainable and will keep increasing, depending on only the best money, the color of generation, weapons in the country, but you have to see who you are, if you are Musaddilal. I am an office person, not you. It is not that you are stuck in a place where the area is not being developed. If you want to buy a flat, then buy it in DLF Phase-2. page-13, take it in your child, he is good, he can also become a builder, thanks, plot is not so easy to differentiate, where did I put point forward in the plots, how to enter it or what is the rate for rent in which city?  Is it a magic figure on which you have to take it or not? How is its calculation? I will tell you all in the next series. How did you like the corrupt opening of this one? If you liked the trailer, if you want more wishes then please comment in the comment section.  Don't write, make more, this is what you have to write, make more is religious in writing but writing is a big book, so if you write mzp in the comment section, I will give clarity in it that brother, it is like this, I am not denying it to every person. When the doctor also comes to us of 4th Same Elements, the doctor asks some questions, medicines are given according to the age, there is not a blanket solution for every person, a middle-class celebrity.  For Normal Oil, which is a party taking loan, nothing is possible in this segment, I have spread it because it gets 70% of the registered plot and after that it also builds a house, so most of the people are not even you.  The generation that is coming today is below 35 years of age and my target audience lives far away, that target audience is increasing, so I was making it for them, but as soon as I got a lot on my plate,  If there is something good or bad then I have started this special series so that I can see the flight in it and in every video and in this video too, Disclaimer Borgaon is not bad but it depends on Shambhu Yuvak. If you are watching ahead then please share it.  You can subscribe the channel thank you for your views