Hello Friends! Which kind of property It is going on and is sure to continue further. Expect different types of properties Will discuss a lot on real estate There will be an iconic video that will give clarity It will take a long time to see the whole thing wherever you live. Yes, this will be applicable to you in India. I am the one who will get clarity of Puri real estate. D Number Van Real Estate Clarity Giver In De country but in the eyes with a straight face The eyes show great confidence and I am speaking honestly, so listen carefully. It's okay, you guys will enjoy it. Sara will get to know about every type of property You will get a pet consultant to know the concept I am taking something out and giving it to you guys. Things Witch in Real Status Van of D I Do Most of My Subscribers Already Know about it please spread this video to get around so it can be discussed its going to be a nice long video First of all why should you complete this video? Why want clarity on real estate? It needs so much real estate because D HIGHEST TICKET ITEMS PERSON PURCHASES IN HIS Life is nothing above this if you Mukesh There is also Ambani ji who is worth lakhs of crores Even if there is a belt, their most purchased item higher value Three-four codes are their home even if it is a ship Talking about buying a personal account worth Rs 600 crores. I am in business, so something else is going on. Whether you are Mukesh Ambani or you You are musaddilal whether you are rich, poor or middle. Whatever the class, it is very important, isn't it? whether you study in a school or a college No, no PM studies in university. It means nothing This becomes very important because if You'll go again and again only you as weather You Need a Haircut and No Date is Not D Correct person because living depends on Saying yes and no, that's what you will say. Even if there are four hairs on the head, it will be called brother If you do it equally then understand it from an Clarity giver from consultant also ok Hey, you listen to this thing from me carefully It consists of a plot, house, flat and commercial Agriculture There is no clarity if someone speaks Greater Noida Amrapali JP so and so threatening If a flat thief is a builder then anyone is a thief. Will never buy flight in india They will not be sold, should not be bought anywhere But it doesn't happen that even if the lights are switched off, it will still be sold. If the land is so good then There is so much space to buy in Rajasthan I am not buying it which is very expensive, why not Why don't people buy agricultural land? Why should we not buy? Will discuss should buy it Commercials have different stories and give 6% She supports me so much, she gives me the first of all. Investment is not rear view driving How are the trends changing in the future? Let's discuss how things are changing So first we come India's favorite The land is ours, look at the plot brother. pakadunga every asset in theory Being an individual includes real estate within it. Different types both inside and on I will bat from the side like we play I will not follow this trick from there also. I will leave, I will leave from here too When are you an expert like I am? Proclaim you are an expert and how can you judge him? is done you become such that you are a What is said seems very logical but then again They give counters and that too is very logical. Then it seems to him also with more logic Let's beat something like my date And if you have an argument, I will give you an argument Dun, you give me a bigger argument and I Batting for you makes him big Argument is bigger than argument Against done and your Actual &amp; Experience &amp; Knowledge &amp; I will beat even that thing Brother, I have a bigger counter than you. It was not you who batted on my behalf and If you clean bowled that too then it's yours. This is how I am judged in this matter, I am judged Judge what I am saying I will tell you logically, start first Let's do everyone's favorite plot and I give you clear cut recommendations in every I will also tell you that you have to do this in Nashik. Yes, you are from Patna, I am from Jammu, I am from Kota. Be it from Delhi or be from a top metro city. You are from Rohtak, I am from Jind, why somewhere else? Lucknow I am also from Kanpur, you will find this less Anywhere Gujarat Maharashtra Bengal No matter who you are, this real estate guy will give you all At best this video will come first They say India Has Go Tu Percent of the World The area of ​​the world is 27 lakh kilometers You will see the area India's Population World's Population 18% of the Earth's population If you are holding then land here The value will always increase when the plot is sold. tell me the story ok If I impose a rule in India that everyone People will stay on the ground floor only and every Thousand square feet to the family Square feet is a lot but in terms of capita Saath Har Family of Four Will Stay in a Ground floor only and thousand square feet Will be their house where there will be space and there will be a plot Or wherever there will be a lot of thousand feet There is an online average, many people are also poor Four people is a lot in a thousand square feet is comfortable And the work space between two people It happens that it will be 400 square feet. Because there are only two places where land is retired. I am where I live, we are less than others let's do that school could be There can be factories, anything can happen And I would say ground floor there too. If it happens then no office will be on two floors All the offices will be on the ground floor And your house will be on the ground floor I don't want to tell my audience I am, you too don't do it, do yours If there are 35 crore families, then 35 crore people multiply by a thousand square feet About 120 gaziya 100 meter square is close to a meter Approximately you can divide 100 square meters by 35 Multiply by crore and you get the area. And all the children will also go to school. Old people who do not come to office also go to school. I don't go anywhere outside the office. Even if you send everyone out, divide it. Make 140 crores into a pair of 70 crores. Pairs of Ban Ke Between Dem 400 Square feet this inner space is there any of you who But the guy needs more than 200 square feet. Need 200 square in office space ft it like 20 by 10 room so ash So it doesn't matter to anyone that a person gets ₹20. If there is space for children to study in the class also You know, there are 30-40 kids in the room. I am so open about the size and I am also saying this to the ground floor as well You add both the areas when you add If you do, then the area of ​​India is brother and Sisters, not even 1% of that will come. Right now India is 100%, 2700000 kilometers Is We have forests, we have mountains, we have forests, we have forests. We have 23% forest and our rivers are also fine And our dessert is also our run off Kutch is also there, I have taken it, but I am from it. I need less than one percent space and I What did you say ground floor or everywhere else? Brother, the ground floor is two-three floors each. There is space only and in big cities it is 35 40 50 If the floor is 60 70 80 then this argument is It becomes a flat sound in India There is shortage of land. There is no land in India. There is no shortage, what is the shortage of land rates? Listen to what grows where land is cheap And where is Real Status Directly? Proportional to economic activity taking place wich is being generated to kind of mani Which is generated per square feet in Mumbai will differ from what is being generated And R and Munger and Etawah are in those districts. something else there If it is happening then real estate depends on it. Does another thing now comes flat and 30 years showing the look of a flat on a plot I got spoiled sippy is going papdi a Eight floors, six floors are going to collapse Take the useless plot, it was a handset Let us talk about investment in 2023 today you are sitting in anger He is not so important now What to do with this decision making? How to restructure or which new one? If you want to take it then now a little plot vs. There will be a house on the flat, see the plot and house There is a saying that latitude Longitude belongs to me in GPS You know a latitude of meaning Longitude is then if you take a plot If taken then one of its latitude and longitude If you have bought a free hole plot Even if you are from Noida, please stay in Noida. Going to do There is a round of lease renewal Wherever there is lease there is property Like Jaipur Rajasthan Greater Noida Subdad Live because they call me Indian 99 will also be completed someday How many years have passed 40 45 years Somewhere they are complete, give them some space too The difference is the free hold bill head date. Psychological further, that lease has to be given after 99. Jayee doesn't talk about it that much Because he doesn't even look above the flat We will talk about society land in the flat Whose is it? Will it break? What will happen when? All discussions will arise, take a breather Watch the video because there is clarity on everything Agricultural land will also increase Will also do commercials the way I do samjhaunga I will tell you connect dot someone won't you praise me again and again Cause the city needs a little stain Okay here in the comment section you have real State Info Group will also be available which you i can join real estate I also do education, this thing in it Let me tell you, it also does webinars under this. I am free, I am free, I am hungry too. If you want to learn it at that level then It's great that you join and very That's why it's important to learn this too. Let me take a minute and tell you the real statement. Why do you have to become a topper and this video You have to see and understand why in full Because every normal middle class person 25 years to 75 years to 50 years The one who turns 45 should be extra polite Take Rs 100 crore at today's rate Will be a witness to property transactions 100 crores Mine is one crore, I have been here for 50 years A witness means someone whom he can influence. Your father and mother can give you knowledge. property that will ever be sold or will sell Or will you ever inherit your property? Your children's property Your siblings Buy a property worth ₹700 Select trading is done on Trading You Can Have Rs 10 Lakh in Your Demat Account and in one year you can do trading For 10 crores also, now you understand my point. What is the training of share market now? I can do it like this today or tomorrow Sold for 10 lakhs, you can get the comfort of 10 crores Can do you know off course real Can't do that quickly in the estate but Still you can do 50 within 50 years Your nearest relative within a year If they have 7-8-10 properties then they will buy them. Will sell your own children Parents own loss, you own your brother-in-law If you know all these relatives, That means if you have knowledge then you can do a lot You will be in demand, you can influence You can use them as butter in many things. Your father will also benefit directly. Property should be restructured properly You are the direct beneficiary of it. It is very important to meet listen further What do you have in a flat in big cities? Can and should buy only flats Memon construction is a normal flat The old people say that 40 years last only 40 years. Fatehalu starts happening at the age of 22, 23 and 24. It would have happened and no one would own that property. The fact that people had to buy is the reason why of the house and became inclined towards the plot I was inclined towards the comfort of my own built house. It lasts for 75-80 years but sometimes what if It changes again and again, sometimes it becomes steel. Sometimes the design changes Many times that too has to be broken and rebuilt. Builder A goes to steel plus 4 is made So right now that thing is maturing and So man feels like make it his own way Make it as per your wish but you make it as per your wish The concept was gone because the big If every person in cities gets full juice The government said the song is loud four times Is Now you can visit 500 yards of this ground in Delhi You will not see this much gross when the floor is made. No one will do wastage and in Gurgaon won't do This is what is sold by the elderly Or the inheritance you get is all one and a half A built floor collapses and there is a basement in it. A state is being built and four floors are being built. If it is standard then there is no difference in it Now that's it, you can't say this, Ghar Koti I'm talking about big cities Now from the transactions of the plot Black economy is prominent in it There is a part due to which not every person New children who are coming now can buy special Those who have a job ₹10-20% down payment What is it, he doesn't take the rest of the loan Only those who can take it can take it from somewhere Is selling property or whose generation is D color is different you all know everything There is no need to discuss this much Buying a plot is good except bad. The most important thing should be whether you The biggest thing you can buy is Can you buy it if it is in white? Even if it is in full white, only 70% of the loan You get 80% at home and 85% at flat. You can also get it but you get Rs. 70 on the plot. If there is anything plot if I take it If it is worth crore then you will get only 70% if it is Rs 2 crore The entire registration is going on for Rs 2 crores. This is the transaction and its valuation too. If it is worth two crores then you will get one crore 40 lakhs. You will still get Rs 60 lakh from somewhere. You will have to bring what is difficult in itself But brothers and sisters, the registry is either It is worth ₹1 crore, you know the place, you also know the place. If we don't discuss it now then ₹1 If there is a crore registry then brother it will be 70 lakhs. You will get a loan of only ₹ 130, where will you get it from and if it is applicable? Take If you stay then take this financial Influencers will not tell whom they What knowledge do grassroots leaders like Who does not have the knowledge that the MP of Lok Sabha Elections are brought by the nominated ones who He comes from the house above, doesn't he? Let's talk and look intellectually There are many great sounding and good looking things. I understand something with the help of I am not telling you everything and what I am telling you I hope you guys understand. Please write in the comment section below. Plots should be purchased in small towns because There are no flats in small towns As long as there is a choice of plots from above and you If you can afford it, you should buy a plot and a bigger one. Builders are also bringing the same plotted thing Who are bringing your tires four tires into it Where are your plot people from in Mumbai? Even big film stars are there 360 Where are our Virat ji Anushka ji Is it from or your Shahid Kapoor and his wife? Have you bought it or has someone else bought it now Shahrukh Amitabh is a Khan and lives in Mannat Bachchan and Shahrukh Khan became Amitabh Bachchan You have to fold your bungalow in Mumbai For under him all these are as many as the rest. I am telling the name, I live in a flat and the flat is Do you also know that the oceans are worth 7-7-17 crores. There is a flat worth ₹ 1 lakh built in 1973 by the palace. Now there are lakhs of rupees per foot rate there. If the rate is the same as the flat then how can the flat be bad? Went The flat me section ones are good. Nice flats where you can and He is a good builder who can do flats. Floors are also coming with four floors each. There are those who are making good builders That story is also coming in big cities Play out is happening in other small towns Bhaiya is like Rohtak but Priya is city. Our original is fine there. Look what kind of guard people have kept like this They say Kothi lap di mari kothi outside is written Song On Theek Hai Daiya Sector Teen Chaar Jo is also their okay and there by doing like this and that It is not the case in Puri Kothi that he Four floors and three floors are made straight. No, the entire car will be parked inside the car The heart beats of the people of small towns Because the rate of land is low, the car It is standing inside, there is a torch on the side. And she left small things in places like this. is gross has sutalization and space But if a person from a big city goes and sees You look like this, you do it like that, you do it like that also maintain Those who make it like this in India, I am here Snow does not fall, you are copying this They are made from abroad because So that snow falls, we prop it here You can dry clothes by making a balcony and basking in the sun Can you keep the pots please? make it but that one is ours that we Babuji's house was built and that house broke down. Ultimately we have to sell our jobs. Where are the jobs to be found in big cities? If we are in India then we have to buy in big cities. Such investments should always be made in real estate also. Don't see, we have to see the necessity like this too. Brother, today my children don't need me. They will grow up tomorrow, they have to go and take for Example: People from Haryana are listening to it. can be app it is applicable for every state Capital and De Nest Commercial Center is very important New same and resident and that whole area hold Wherever there are jobs, you can buy wherever you are. You can buy some Nagpur if If you talk about Kerala then brother state Trivandrum is the capital, one of them Bangalore Mumbai Hyderabad If you South Indian if you are North Indian like you People have to see this and think like MP. An MP is from any district. Be it his district, he has some houses in his village. Where will he vote from? Then his Something will happen in the district headquarters Where there are less MPs then its state capital There will be some jugaad in Delhi too If there is Jugaad then it is Jugaad at four places. Ok you guys, depending on you I want to advise in the system, you should Also you have three don't put all it your Home Town Only Because You Love It's Easy You can't manage to be the biggest. Economic Center Around Your Place Which will be a big economic center like up Even within, if you look at 7-8 districts like If you start from Delhi then Ghaziabad One is a centre in itself and then Meerut is in its own Kanpur becomes a center in itself Agra is the center in itself, Lucknow is the center. If it is on this side and if you are in Bihar Even if we go, it's like Patna is a hotline. Yours should be within Supaul district. Sitting inside Motihari We are sitting in Darbhanga, no less than that You will have to go till Patna. Will have to take some finished pots and Those who have power are North Indian etc. So we have to have a footing in Delhi NCR also There will be many people who are government employees. Senior His Delhi posting becomes a part of his life. It is decided that if you take something on your time If you have taken it then you should stay inside your house. Adjustment depending on whose name in father mother your name its name Acharya recognizes that income tax is all legal. I can do that, you can enjoy yourself If nothing else, the children will come to study. Why inside a room in Mukherjee Nagar The child is in PG for such a reason This is the future, it is being told in seven cities I am in Delhi after becoming the top meter. You Pune Bengaluru Hyderabad and add one or two more Do it ok, 10 cities are very important Economic activity is very high Now let's move on to this, brother. When you can only buy a flat, let us buy it now. Ivan construction has become affordable Housing like in Gurgaon that too mymens Live 100 is being made from Mantri Cement Ownership of flat is going towards year It happens that in the society you One part is land transfer worth Rs. Big builders have to do this in many cases. If you don't do it, it doesn't mean it's your right. He does not have the right and he keeps the development with himself Let's take your share, the holding remains the same Never went to dolphins even after 100 150 years So he look at us now if you a min name You take it from and that company will not survive. If you don't know this then it's been 100 years now. Don't plan too legally. Can't do it if I take it in my company I am a builder, okay, but I am not 100% What claim will I make in a year, who will come? what are you claiming the war has taken everything You took mine, this is yours, it is physical It is not a part, it is flat, it is thick, it is If there is a society on five acres of land And there are 500 flats in it so 1/500 Your share of 5 acres is in it tomorrow If it goes into redelpment then its valuation Your ray will be adjusted accordingly and You will meet in both fairies You must have seen old Hindi movies in which The builder wants to break the mafia and he Do the four heroes have any friends or anyone else? He is a man and he says we will not break it. I will give you and our friends my memories are alive in the flat and then he would do Harris like this You must have seen the story in an old movie Plates are actually read in Mumbai Development na Mumbai has just seen DDA When the revolts will break out in K and Delhi Will go in and this society of Dwarka now Some 5-10 years will go into my development Then you will know exactly and in that If any builder comes and offers his offer. I wish I will make you 5 years in 5 years. I will give you rent, you will get two flats and one and a half Will I get it or you give me 20 lakhs Take the flat or I'll give it to you 30 lakh rupees, you give me a flat and Take the money, do it like this, the slow one will move on. The slow one runs but somewhere in it I I won't get anything if my house gets destroyed It was my home, so I didn't have to worry about it You don't need to do it for every state. Rules of Karnataka are different from Tamil Nadu Everyone's rules are different. Everyone's rules are different. Ru is in her own name and in the name of the builder. That society exists somewhere with rights. It is different for every state There are statuses where many lives are spread out. Goa has Portuguese law regarding the land It also seems okay, so that's why people are there Go fast because there is land ownership from which to take logistics It's like this inside, it's okay, but in general it's like it is Delhi you know ok don't know who what I met you because I met you, that's why I If I want to call periods like this The garbage is the property of yours while you are alive. He should be sold next in inheritance You don't want this generation to go to court. Look at these restrictions on assets I am in great destruction I will definitely teach you this in the info group judiyega they move ahead with the commercial What are the people talking about in the commercial? I am very attracted to a blanket right now I am making a statement pan India Applicable if you want to take it If you don't agree then it's your choice commercial real The stock market today Link to Futures and Options What features and options are played Do people make money in the stock market? yes earn money in it but most of the people Money is lifted in those wheels Took progress houses will tell Financial will tell you even half a percent of the money Will take less but Bhai Musaddi Lal Office Office please stay away because The landscape is changing because Commercial over in very big cities Supply is increasing and consumer behavior A lot of changes are happening, women first window shopping was fun Going out used to be an outing since when it Mobile phones have come since Kabir came. Netflix has come out since it came out People are now separated to pass time First the boy and girl go and do this Eating pizza while drinking coffee You used to feel love while going there at that place. Do you know dating and living in living these days? We are living together with our parents too. Do you know whether he should go there and meet us? Go there and now this friend lives with his friends. there was a lot of culture There must be money, the salary is not that much, isn't it? So many people, now he has his own house Had they done this, they would have been very rich. We are going very selectively. Are That's a limited one, if there's a million If there are footfalls then those lakhs are 10 lakhs Those lakhs, 1.25 lakhs and 1.5 lakhs are not happening. You are moving at speed and there you are. You are doing commercial standing and standing. If you are going to park it then it is not there It is being effective and people are being changed. The woman is working and comes home on Fridays It's as easy to open as it is She puts it, looks at the rate and weight, she knows that It will fit on time and it will fit easily. While shopping, she asked for a shirt for her child. Can ask for a toy, can ask for anything You can cut it, you can take it at home ho now you tell me to do some small shopping Who's going there and that's how I smart smart boys see girls and talk go inside and wear shoes buy online So these elders are crying that the shop is not running. This is such a pan India story going on now That local action opened mom store Musaddilal's people are moving a lot but What will you do with that 6% if you say If you are found anywhere then what capital is it brother? Appreciation is also happening, this also remains to be seen. Residential Real Estate Is Van Off To You D Safest Thing Because D Human Need You sleep at night and use the bathroom for Nahana Dhona In D Morning And Have Sam Kitchen you make sam tea water aate list this Artificial Intelligence can never eat This is also like change in any of your commercials. There are things in the thought process. There is a movie now like I am telling you commercial Tell me a few things about agriculture and warehouse very good video is going on please like me like share It's okay, now you watch one of the movies. The pattern you have seen is like Pathan movie It's a hit, okay, before that your top rank. avatar in the middle The movie that gives bigger life is where Some crackers are bursting, this one is jumping He is a big star and people are watching. All the rest are streaming on Netflix only. Now this movie was action hero Ayushmann Got beaten in Khurana's status but if you watch it on netflix i have netflix It's a very good movie, but it's true. I don't even want to go to the movie date hall. I will see ticket of 30400 500 600 pathan Ambulance at the mall 182400 ticket of Pathan on 25th January Eat popcorn ₹500 ₹600 Hey brother Consumer does not want to spend money today give fixed money but he is doing location A lot is changing in his mind. I am confused how long will this PVR last I am telling you the example strings. etc. This is a topic of discussion If four-five-six Hindi movies are released in a year What you will see in 2030 Last year there were maybe two mazes and Ek Ye Drishyam 2 Thi Do Aur Main Sab Ye Movie I follow because it makes me feel real I get content but I don't watch it all. I just follow who is doing what Because what are people thinking about this and Find out what's happening in the country Three-four films left for release Who is Rohit Shetty's husband from Sab Patti? Sea Circus had big pictures last year You know who you should see this year also If there are four-five hits then they will be four-five-six. There will be only as many hits and falls and that Footfalls are decreasing in banking which is very You occupy me space in you Tell me the last time you went to the bank. If you I am a youngster, look, many elders are leaving. I go to the bank twice a year. Will update my passport every now and then on FB Will get the photo taken sometimes? It's fun, isn't it? But once this generation it's inside the handle He who is father, what does he want to say? To mother that I am going away from you. Some will go there under the pretext of going to the bank. After eating chart pakoras, they will do anything Outside, it is not just this, all the banks Physical banks are running if bank in bank So only server is needed New Banking What you understand as new banking will now go ahead. What is all this UPA Paytm Paytm, all these are no less successful than them, who will be ahead he is going to the extra bank what will he do Brother, maybe someone has got involved in some scandal. It seems that some transaction has happened. Has something happened, Aadar Vice, everything is going online. Have you know and further if the bank HDFC Bank's valuation will increase due to Is ICICI Bank Is SBI Is Share IDFC Bank is in the market and it is the best bank of all. If market cap is man lo x then it is 2X will be 3X but there will be no physical space What I am saying is that if SBI You check SBI this bank is holding Give More Real Estate What It's Worth If If that bank closes and sells the real estate Sir, it is a fact that you will get four times the money And this thing is gradually coming to the mind of the government I too will end like Air India The program is set by SBI. He may not be saying but he is talking about real assets. If it has to happen then it will be commercial. It will be like if you first let the ATM run like this You tell me if you propose Indian economy. India's GDP is currently 3 trillion Whenever It Was Van Trillion What about 10-12-15 years ago? have multiplied and now from three to 10 trillion Panch Trillion will be made, then 10 will be made. Do we need more or fewer ATMs? ATMs are becoming less and less. no one is going to the ATM either Even ATMs are not going because whatever this is Demonetization activity took place and These last 5 years after Covid showed us Digitization of India is very big and UPI you know thaspin really a great Hit and going forward it's going too There are so many ways to transfer money All these people are sitting with the tax code of doing I bought this from the vegetable vendor and this I am watching it again and again because of this commercial. This is linked to real estate The tea vendor and the vegetable vendor say I will collect cash then I will go home so much I will take it and then take my current account. deposit in the bank the bank closes Yes, my shop is open till 8:00 pm. Would have done this TTTT on Google date Give this photo and that photo on the phone Show your commercial portfolio as an example. Tell me which listed player is India's top player Learn from him where he is selling commercials. Whatever it is, it's all commercial for his work. Goes on rent and lease, Amazon took it Google took it, it took it, it took it Took any when the builder knows mine The commercial is good, why will he sell it brother? 9% 10% 15% 20% which becomes their The thing which was released at the original rate or 20-30 years if you do its rental calculator Keep 25% 25% 30% retail leela today. There are so many rents in the market Commercial will not be bought by builder if it is low If there is commercial space then you can now Off plots and even after doing this sale because Brother people are made after commercial its this the money gets adjusted Concept like last show It happens in Hindi movies that 'Bhai bus tu' Give me thank you give me and Han Bhai Saheb It's done and if he gives 6 months' worth then 6 They will not come after a month. There are scams in this commercial is something van Pan India Bhavik Somewhere Nice Small Towns What is there in one of the very small towns? The mall will come, it will be a big hit, very good Will do it again and another one Will do it again and another one Now the story of the first one will go to his punch. If Ball and A go then this is also a concept Enjoy the commercial, eat, drink and have fun Do not buy because many people say many Now people will call me this as their business If I want to do it, I'll buy my own shop. many people ask me about anything I said I don't want to buy BSF light Because you bought a shop here I ran my business here, I got to know about it after six months whatever business you are doing here No, it's better to go here, now you have this shop. Now you have bought it, now you will buy the shop here too. You shifted here and it started doing well here. What about this shop? It's a fixed cost. Whenever you want to do business, you will have a shop. You don't need to buy it first Establish your business first and rent Keep giving, big businesses are running Connaught She has also been a prostitute inside the place for 100 years. I am fine and not itching. There is no point in buying if you have a business If you want to reduce it then definitely use lemon. You never know when your business will change. Come today. there was a computer shop in it Computer shop used to run furniture there The market used to run there, you know everything back then If it doesn't work then where will you change it now? Be an asset like debt you can always shift call someone's restaurant to eat someone wants to do medicine You don't want to open yours for Do you want to become a doctor? You want to open someone's, you open here Took and bought the chair and got it installed at your place Now you are getting real here friend For some reason football is not happening here now Found out that the one next door here is better own or have rented one If the rental is good then why buy? Don't buy, don't buy anything. Isn't that a commercial, just sit on it now Said the one who took three million in 2002 Hey, he is having fun in 2002 and 2003. Had taken residential, he is also enjoying My brother, that too in the coming time. For your child I see this I have a son and a daughter who are going to college. He is in 12th and will want a house in 345 years. There will be a wedding and dad is playing commercial What commercial happened to a father in a mall? Is your child getting any less? The child is living in PG, now he is nowhere How to buy a child for the child? And we don't know where it will remain If you live somewhere, you will pay rent somewhere. Take it to a big city and it will be heading. I am very detailed on this opportunity which is Sango Real Estate is also my discount channel So here he is the intellectual one. Video will be made but real time things will happen on it. is made if three-four cities Let's do it and move ahead with agriculture. And Warehouse And Then See Will Finish ok in the next 567 minutes People also talk a lot about agricultural land. Take agricultural land income is very good This is agricultural land I am telling you Never Buy Agri Culture and Most of You Are Milk Class Normal People Egiri Culture Land You Be Broad by a Different Kind of Give People If You're Not That Kind of People Don't buy I will explain Agriculture land, wherever you are, people are villages. They call it farm land, isn't it there? Are you a resident of your caste? Community is where I am supposed to belong. Jat community I am from Rohtak is ok I am comfortable in the village. No Dat I Belong To Dat Dat Area And i can buy ok I am not of the effect that there is law There is no law or there is no law in it It's not a practical matter, I will go now. I do so many consultations I know Brother, there is a flat worth ₹ 5 crore at one place and another I am getting a fort worth Rs 10 lakh instead. And I can buy 50 forts so what? Is a flat a good thing or a 50's a good thing? If he is a normal man then he will say 50 forts brother. Sir, no, this flat is a good thing. This punch will give higher rate ₹10 crore ₹20 50 crores will also see camelliers Watch the race in Mangalore or in Gurgaon. Real estate which I initially which left me in real knowledge Towards and I give them even without and Even the videos, who worked so hard and Show faith in real estate Infrastructure It's not the price, it's the land, it's the bridge from here. There is water connection, there is electricity, there is connection. There is a port next to it, there is a hospital here or It's a school, all kinds of people are on each other. The crowds are climbing in, they're leaving The value is increasing even though it is being provoked. You can do this if you don't have money in your life. If you earn then don't cry, simple thing here There is an example of 10 crores in 5 crores. If yes, then its cost is to live in the flat. How do diamonds and pearls stay together? by kinship, acquaintance and connection increase your value Rich Boys Club I am all these things that The concepts are there and it only takes half an hour. That's why I am saying real again and again to understand. If you come to estate info then this will come to me Will stay with me on weekends in future I will give you complete real estate education in this. I will make a video and not leave it. I will go today, I am in a mood, please answer. I gave away this because I got real estate I am the master of real estate and you are the master of real estate. I have become a master because of the expense above all this. No, I told you ₹100 crore You will witness the transaction in the next 40 In 50 years, any person who is less than 35 years old than me Next 40 years are going to be 35 years, 75 years. And the 25 year old will be 65 in the next 40 50 years. B Rs 200 crore of transactions Happening in your life Inside out this difference will become your mega In wealth creation or in going somewhere fancy ok this is very important Meaning of agricultural land by raising mouth like this There is no identity within agriculture if You do small agriculture, take it for punch. For two I will do many people there Yes, I will build my farm house. Where to go and stay in sexy handout There is neither Wi-Fi nor internet. And no no no no I am in the tube well nahaunga it's fun to listen to It feels good that many people in the village Five days are open, go and pay for 10 days. Have fun and go get one you need to buy for her. Nowhere are you okay with this fantasy? is when we're inside the middle forward and A little money is jumping our way If something is going on in our life then we Looks like we need all this in old age I am not telling you whether you will read it or not. will be required And time will not pass and you will go to such a place Neither will you live it for the rest of your life. Stay in the city, I'm joking right now, I'm talking to someone. It was happening, it was talking like this Private Too This Conversation It Was Not my opinion A 25-30 year old man was telling this story. Farm house father says son will do like this It's so early to get into town Will Again Take 7500 Really wanna go back to de village now I am telling you that there has not been much progress. I am and I am telling this openly because Kya na when it comes tu village and poor End farmer end all date [ __ ] big sexy kind want to talk to will always be a mass And this is the end, he and brother are left out, right? And to leave a lot of things behind ready this is a fact That's why he won't speak but I am here MP should not contest Sarpanch elections So leave it, I am telling you clearly. Maybe ask them Joe Han and Joe You say it's great, brother, go for 15 days. Cut it and show that it is not cut there and that You press certain kind of life buttons like this Water It has not been opened, it is not open, please check. Because this is my village and I also live in it. I understand as I go, that's why I'm saying this. I am not the one who was born to fly It's fine inside and we live in a flat. Are What you take for granted 2 days 4 days 5 The day is fine, it is good house house The people there also feel good for a few days The organization is ready to leave and come back. Talk like a down to earth leader. There is so much wheat in agricultural land Brother, this time the harvest will be done. It didn't go well this time, it happened this time That happened this time, this happened, you went. Manoj Kumar, does he want to do farming? Like the land of my country said, it spits out gold. Diamonds, it is not that easy, try it. That's just the thing that can cut anything. And take it like this, cut it like this, take it out there It is possible to reduce everything and see for yourself. It will not be of any use, what do you say, there is no name for it Try it, leave water in the field and see Lot of labor witch was from Bihar and Agriculture wala thing is reduced from up bihar because of this MNREGA Covid and Yogi ji is political Don't want to make a butt like yours There is a state, there is so much happening If the highway is being built there, then who will be there? Local labor says I have to work I stay in my village, my village Road is being built in front, I will stop here Why would I go there and work in the field? If someone shouts like that there, then here Pay labor is getting expensive. Labor is getting expensive. So isn't it possible that the one who is yours The production is increasing If you were getting the liver for ₹300 or that. It is ₹ 500 ₹ 700 so it is not like that That much wheat would have died if it had come out of the fort. Why should labor cost more and take more money? As for that, production has to be increased and its SP is also equally right, okay so much There is no benefit in taking agricultural land definitely looks sexy Those who understand the villages understand the fields as the barns. who knows what i can do There or you know brother road petrol to be produced somewhere And the inside information to be had is something like this If it is less then yes they can take it Yes, less will not do, we have to buy bigger things. So people are taking people are taking but Mostly audience whether you are mine or us This is normal, you know it. Last but no D is not for the people List Warehouse Again Looks Very This thing is slow, Amazon will take it will take on opinion hey change land to do it I get an investigation done, I don't pick it up and say anything You took something and warehouse it. If a fire breaks out anywhere, I set up a shed of three. This is G warehouse, those are fake warehouses That company which comes and takes the real one, isn't it? 50 things she sees from the road Where is the connectivity? Fire brigade will come. She will not come and Neeraj what is this point? what is the point this point is very is complicated and can happen wherever There is already a product A I was in discussion with someone Again rates ka lo or some ka lo physical one 20 lakh square feet will be acquired There will be more space and we will open it on that Correct So one man has a house of 20 square feet. Unit can take 1 unit we will call B square feet and its power is so much that you Buy it and you will get this much rent on it If there are methods and concepts then maybe you can take You can build and run a warehouse yourself. Do that only for big dicks You need mantra in the whole system If I want then he will go to Jhajjar side. Even if I talk about Haryana, Jhajjar side A lot is going on in Manesar side, some are legal. Some are like this, what else would a village be like? The ones that are there are illegal wherever they are. The villagers themselves open up opportunities for you. won't get it i want to say If there is gold and Maruti plant in Kharkhoda If it is there then it will boost the economy. If you get a local one then you will take the local one only. Will not let you take this D message from outside If Ramji comes to the temple in Ayodhya and But it made a difference to real estate and that Smart will think that something will happen there too There must have been some people who left and took the initial one Once that thing is discovered by a local man I don't let you enter there, brother, who are you? come on okay you will do this then from story place Out in the cities and you can see local politics Play Playing Around Mumbai from Classic Example Mumbai It Itself Was Not Un Great Place if you see 150 ahead of history something It was not even that fisherman who lived there like this. The British came and did some stories. 1857 started making some money till 195 19 10 he got better Outsiders built Mumbai in 100 years people on local marathi manosanam not Making It Against Anybody and Political Where is this next fun thing? This playing out in gurgaon d local Haryana wale will wale up let me be From Haryana I am coming from Gurgaon and telling my Friends and Relatives and Friends from Haryana, your brothers This is what is happening, then you stood in front that This is not ours nor anyone else's No one can take anything in India The whole country is ours from Jammu and Kashmir Till now you can take anything as per your wish, ok If yes then don't say first then in Rohtak Kothi Garh is in this sector and that 3 I moved to the four-storey building, now and then later. I will wake up from sleep and hit Gurgaon It didn't happen that you did this to Marwaron. Hey brother, do ours, do ours, do this, do that. There's no use in doing that, okay? No, brother, buy property inside the mountains. Don't take it by mistake, it's so cold Neither in HD nor in mutual funds. Put or buy some good stock and its Divide deal somewhere in a five star hotel Go and live in Nainital because of you. You in Mussoorie, you in Dehradun, you in Shimla Somewhere above and somewhere you also bought something like this Take the money that you and I will go here. It's a big lie about ownership, all go here Hai here @ kitna naam karte raho it's all About this experience that you enjoy How can you go to the same city again and again? Who will maintain that little boy again? Will you keep me again boy? You kept me there for years. I am going once or twice and then after that hour According to me, is this guy ever flirting with someone else? Sometimes the couple gets into trouble behind the scenes. If a major incident happens with you or Malik I am telling you practical things. It's not like this, it's my imagination, these people I have done consultation with I have bought Garh anywhere in Mukteshwar Some are being bought, some are being sold, some are being sold. I have accepted that we will stay here, it feels good Hey brother, you should visit Sikkim sometime Go down to the hills of Assam sometime Go to UTI in South Vali in Coorg Go to Kodaikanal and go to Mussoorie sometime. Do you ever go to Shimla? Why is there a need to buy? He has to keep the money somewhere and earn 10% from it. If the returns are less then take it with 10% returns In 15-20 days the land will become land and You are getting different varieties at one place Who can go again and again tell me can you Go Tu Mussoorie Every Year If you want to go to the hills then you say friend Last year it was gone, this year it was the first year. I am going to Shimla When milk is available in the market then buffalo People are not keeping it, if it's okay then take yours Because you don't be realiz it's very difficult It's okay to do all that, so don't buy. This acid so I cover everything I am summarizing the commercial B Warrior of If you are stuck then try this challenge Go out and see who doesn't buy the next banda. rahaverness is happening gurgaon wali's So now I have stopped making them. Spread so much awareness on this channel There is no C for commercial in Gurgaon. Everyone speaks from big and big on YouTube All these commercial commercials that have collapsed shop ahead shop this shop that shop After doing all this, he left YouTube and went away. Went Because how many times has he been consistent Which is my old view which has been there for two years I have been watching them for two and a half years and they know that I am I will also tell you when this will change. I will tell you it is not happening right now and it is happening. I am telling you, see what about cinema. Things are getting better so there are a lot of people waiting for food. Now even food has become lazy, friend. Zomatos takes cues from Swiggy and says What to know then that and food to find dining food worth six to seven thousand Want to have experience girlfriend boyfriend Family Happy Anniversary Happy Birthday Let's go out, we have to go like a normal person If I don't do it then it will cost ₹50. Tax parking fee for ₹100 then there park then go then eat a little Come then let's order it at home I gave him this thing to eat on time. The system of movie people is also ending. Sometimes the system of the bank is coming to an end This thing is also running out of shoes to buy. The system of purchasing slippers is coming to an end Systems are also being developed now that new systems Those who wear clothes also Clothes will come and there will be a place for changing. If there is any problem then exchange it there. Concepts are also coming to you there again Wherever you don't need to go sometimes Will you go to some mall and do some good work? Puri Air is in Congress Mall in Gurgaon. The condition is that I want you to go to me. Today all the flops opened in Gurgaon. I am telling this with a lot of responsibility And authority and knowledge who go in the sun I like to see the weather of India sometime. You will also see that it is very cold or rainy Is it hot or humid? Humidity is very high. It's so hot, Lalala, pleasant weather, it's a year There are 15 days in 365, so you have 350 days. Want control and comfortable environment Are Experience is not required in Gurgaon to the people moving around again and again There is export from the sun as well as from the cold Expose your hands to the heat too. If you enter the shop you will find it here But now people are not called people Children's play will become ice skating there. There may be a movie, there may be shopping, there may be shopping. Can there be food? Who can do parking? Visiting a mall again and again leads to one less thing. Then what else is there to reduce for the child? Do something like this which is a hit mall. Hit rahengi and there's enough tu caterpard Population like this four-five one here That now so many people from Delhi come among them. Whose commercial will run is 5% and these 500 options The example I gave is fine. So just by using this 5%, 95% will be sold. There is no probability of making money here For D Musaddilal Ho Will You Identify This 5% and this five percent This is also changing so the commercial enjoy eat use enjoy photo stretch food drink eat don't buy this d Message: If you want to do less business then again also Don't tell me how you liked the video. Punch six things were flat only in big cities There is an option to buy as per your capacity. buy from don't think van bhk comes take the van you come you take the tight short Three BHK comes three, take this and more. It would be nice, give me land and a plot. People don't know where the plot rates went. The plot of this something witch came full big cities In nobody's nafod and and if you have d Mani You Don't Have D Color Of D Combination Right D Color Combination Take Loan But D Loan Will Be Only Given For Unregistered property worth that much Pay hogi which you can afford if you get Loan But You Will Not Get Loan Registration He is not getting it, why would there be any rope? And Pay And You Don't Have This Potli Baba's Potli Baba's Potli Baba's, no? So this is everyone's problem now coming into this Many people oversimplify 15 This is a good video in minutes. It's bad and you show your 50 photos and People go here because of their The experience is that if you live in a flat If you survive then the flat is dirty for you if you If you become good at commercial then it's good for you. The commercial is very good, you seem to have fallen in love with it. Tu Go Today What Ise De Sein Rare A Chuka the type of construction has changed A lot of things have changed, ok the name is China Builders are the first property Dealer turned builder and the environment of corruption You know that one period in tha country It was 10 years old, many years ago, there was a lot of raita in it spread and the authorities in it were also not good The rules are not even right Kind of builders stock exchange their How much is your date? You can go and see everything if you have time. Change you have to change the time you do yes you can learn from it okay but You have too good brand Buy good stuff and now get real estate It's a bicycle, it's a frying pan, it's getting hot. Real is getting really hot It takes time for the state to warm up Trend Har also takes time to cool down Now I am touching 40 to 50% in the city. I calculate trends I do a lot of reports which big people make with their If you make a report and send it, now the data will come. The set is also I am very confident Any article related to gas land Children write general articles with This micro will do good or bad Important micro important location is Importent Layout is important immunity is Importent I will tell you again as I go. request from people going to do it yet There will be small expenses and there will be trees. There will be some free real estate opportunities You will get to know about these cities I am Bulls, I am giving you a summary right now. Let me tell you which of them You want to know about cities from I talk about the whole of India. Top I am police in three cities and that is Gurgaon. Pune Ahmedabad Very nice story play we are doing it out like we do in stock market Let's talk about putting these three in a league We want to buy a property in Delhi West. Delhiites from outside are not selling among themselves If I sell it then I will expand it to Delhi NCR Brother, we pack it loosely in NCR Ghaziabad also came, Faridabad also came Greater Noida is also gone Noida is also gone Noida extension also came and they found out No and even reached Meerut Meerut If we are in NCR then we should go and check the region. It is not the territory, so he Don't look like this hold the micro market Micro Market Micromax If you are in Bihar then you can do something in Patna. Yes, you can do something in Lucknow, you can do it in Jaipur. Bhopal State Capitals can do something very important U State Capitals Will Do Well State Capitals Are Not Going To Change Okay You are among the top 10 respected vices. If you can keep it then it's great, you are in Marathi. We are from Maharashtra, we are from Mumbai, not Mumbai. So Pune Pune Nitin some of her belt If you are from Vidarbha region then Nagpur Place South If you are Indian then Trivandrum Coaching If you are inside Karnataka then Bengaluru it Good Destination Bengaluru I am fourth I bring Hyderabad to number five On the fourth 5 minutes means either of Hyderabad Doing well is fine then call after that ok there is no speculation but The population there is always from the capital Delhi. Earlier it was the same, it was ok, Chennai is good again. Destination Visakhapatnam Again Good Story Playing out is fine with him in the middle. Politics once happened that government This was this but long term its clear Okay Saeed came again in Gujarat Ahmedabad Along with I Will to Surat L to Vadodara Ok Vadodara Dees Are Good In Rajasthan Jaipur is good and Kota is also good Punjab. I Will Tell Me My Beloved Mitras Punjab me again I will not want you to make it political B number van state for a very long time A person is called butt off late time are not doing well economically If you see, real estate is not People Are Doing Very Well Because of Nothing Coming tu punjab no investment are coming Tu Punjab for a very long time center Government in and government in the state Will be outside means he will be double engine it happens ok Don't talk nonsense, something is happening here Because he feels bad, I do too But whatever else Punjab is, your own Ludhiana. You see Ropar, you see your Bathinda Look at Farid Code Faridkot, this is not part A. anyone left Many are definitely going to Canada after leaving. People can become the source of agricultural land. Something is happening up and down but residential No one is coming from the industry. Businessman has not established anything there Would like to see her vegetation up if you I am in what has been submitted etc. Requesting all of you with this thing guys Very Noida and Greater Noida and Yamuna expressway wala please yourself Don't be influenced by your people. no one from outside Are you going please? Ayodhya Vrindavan is as religious as it is There is a tourist circuit and you will get good money here. Varanasi Products Different in Real Estate You can become kind of Dharamshala here You can build a guest house here can make PG or small fat Hotel Food Your Coming Restaurant Very Very But the Devil Will Do in the Coming Times Because Government will promote this thing a lot Do you know if that thing is safe? That physical footballs will increase here. Don't lose your Kashi in the future. Vishwanath sorry my Varanasi is gone Varanasi Ayodhya and Agra are ok Vrindavan Mathura Also ok let me tell you now I am sure there was no space on New Year's Eve. To set foot in a place like Mathura, I have received reports from many people I am connected with many people and many different things. I do it not only in real estate but man can talk about anything else but spirituality If he is in real estate then he can do that Why is it that everyone can talk there? Because what is happening there? kanpur meerut agra allahabad ok Allahabad ok prayagraj ok quality Are you up and you should have Interest and Knowledge and You Should Belong To You D Area Seventh population from I did it earlier friend, just give me the land. Percentage and population if we look at India If we look at the population calculations, then The population is 20% and the area is also very large. It is more but 20% is not very dense. Is too much Please go here and do that and generally I want to tell you that Your nearest urban center is also good If you do then your tehsil will be big. Small stone tehsil will become a small town it will become a small town That urbanization has to happen and we have to be like ourselves. Suppose urbanization is at 27 28 30% then if Urbanization one or two percent per year If it increases every year from a village in India If 2 crore people are coming to cities then this It is a very big figure and there in big cities So those who are being born remain born then this is taking place and Say in urbanization even a boy from home He goes out looking for a job. 1 Want a unit if 10 people are living in the village? There was only one house inside the house but If just one child dies, then urbanization He has diarrhea in the family; grandparents two-three Four aunts and uncles lived like that in a village. There is a child going to a unit Retirement has gone, you look at this and if he Three children of a family in three different cities Gone to Gurgaon One went to Noida, one went down to South. went to Ahmedabad, went to Pune and there he Now the same family needs three houses each. If you are watching in the coming times It's a living culture not to marry This couple should also say that they are going to get divorced. what are you doing now if a 27 year old 30 year old boy is not getting married If the girl is not getting married then go to a bigger city I am living in my village or small town If she is not living here then she is living somewhere. This boy is living in a separate unit. If he gets married, then maybe he will be a unit Want less and don't do the next my body Don't do it brother, real estate will only make you bad. And those who lived together will now gather together. If you are divorced, now you are ready to get divorced. Afterwards you won't even be together in divorce Will anyone get used to living in a two BHK? What if one child is born in three BHK? Brother, you need two units again? Divorce is ok, today the girl is also a man. Doesn't go and live with father and boys also no longer exists because the urban people now Just because of your kiss someone in Gurgaon Both husband and wife keep working. And now you understand that you are divorced. East and this R are not going to go right It's not going to come, right? She will stay here, she is divorced but now Now let them live here in the society flat. I need two flats, even if I want a small one There have been a Oh go oh go these are small for diversity It's for living, it's for bachelor Brother, this product is real estate. If our units are increasing then retirement is The kind will keep increasing, first the parents are one cheese and parents and children couple young couple kathe Used to be, you are no more, now the daughter-in-law wants something different. because daughter in law says We will live in one, then we have kids and then Your sister will come and my parents will come. can't no man today 20 sorry 2530 35 Don't give this answer of the year to your wife. Friend's wife says friend, if in a year 5 My father can't come in the day, can you? Parents live here for 365 days. I am not going to shave off my hair for five days Oh, he can't say, you go and meet him. Many times they also come and go for treatment Hari. Illness means you have to attend every function for five days. The girl's parents don't the girl know anymore? How could he stay in that house when there were 700 people living there? There is no physical space Will we be physical? Will we stay in a hotel? She says if you take our man then you also take BHK. Otherwise my parents will come, this is yours. stay we stay here your hair We meet each other every day, friend, a different person If you buy a unit then this trend is also going on a lot. It is inside the market Driving Off D Real Estate Time India Different play outs in end micro markets Journal culture is doing this inside Pune Is it the parents who say we are not together? Parents will live like in North India that we want you to stay in our shell But further un culture de parents in Pune Dameselves as per listing and D Thing is True and Gujarat and Ahmedabad and All they want is small units close together I have two rooms, yours and mine, my guest. If you come then I will come around you See you, I will have a nice lunch with you I will eat at home, my dinner is good, you eat it. Mom is unwell, I will buy bread. Send me mom's bread, send me HD. Give me some of your child's health. These are the grandparents who will go to the daughter-in-law. I have to go to work, no problem child. He will come to our house from school at 2:30 We will go for lunch and we will do it practically. There are many communities that I know where I have been, seen and see in touch Cities are doing this very well here Will pick up in Gurgaon Will do pickup in Rohtak, pickup everywhere How will you pick me up, just like me Will explain to you that brother it should remain like this We should live together and enjoy each other's happiness. There should be less suffering, together means doors. 50 meters apart 5 meters apart 100 Meter distance from society to tower floor What's the problem up and down? So This Is It Real Estate Will Pan Out The video is a bit long but please tell me. Please appreciate the video. Have you read the script after looking at it, am I waiting or If I have thought of something then because of so much content so much to bring so much to say so much to be When that's all you need, then that's all It turns out that you know it, so the content is fine. There is a lot of experience and a lot of The aim is to understand things easily Join the Info Group and stay connected How did you like the video please share with people Share it with everyone and the children who want to see it. Share registration with your father Assets are very important for the older generation. Settings on assets that are not paying anything and are Can G list I don't know and sometimes children If you were doing well then children and very suddenly Then their children are not doing well. He remembers his father's property I couldn't remember it on time because my I was eating well, now the child is taking good care of me It seems now that I am not getting my salary, friend insistual property until it's too late If it happens then this thing can also be done practically. I give knowledge to people in this part Off Paid Consultation But I'm Not Her Promoting My Pets I'm Promoting teaching group Charging So Much of Consultation and Teaching Van Person I Say's Let Me Teach Hundred and 200 people come very very nominal Rate and date my satisfaction level it And fulfillment levels are very high to Please spread this video around and Please write and comment what you should buy. And what else do you want to buy? I also do YouTube Live for my audience. I can do it when you want, you tell me 26 Sunday will not be possible in February because Some more old ones of mine but next to that you I want it sometime in the month of March Want you came on this once or twice a month plan youtube Such back-of-the-envelope of 40 to 50 cities I know envelope main speak Sorry ok if you know then you like me If you ask Dehradun then I will tell you Rajpura Road. I will tell you, I will tell you the head of the car. If you ask me about Jammu then send me the daughter in law I will tell you the area, I will also go to Pathankot now. Even if I take Ambala to roll number level If you ask, what happens in Defense Colony? What is happening in Mahesh Nagar? What to buy, what to do in Baldev Nagar What in Ambala Cantt and Ambala City? I will tell you the difference, you will ask in Panchkulam. So there I will tell you about the sector It's happening in the builder floor. Now the new government's ruling is still ahead Plus what is the result if you are not doing Halwa? Ask anywhere like stock market What is known is that of 5600 stocks. Only those with that much investment are known. If you are fat then people can ask me anywhere. You ask me if you agree with me without asking. Everyone asks Deepak and sorry if he is ok? If people ask, I will tell you everything there. Where to buy in Ranchi Want to buy in Jharkhand, buy like this, Raipur If I want to buy a new one in Raipur then it is You will get results sooner than 99 acres. You will get practical here You tell what happens in 99acres? Three BHK Gurgaon 85 lakhs, that's something It throws away the result and this is not there in the result. She speaks garbage, it's okay, she doesn't speak So I'll tell you that, okay, that algorithm. Let's go on I'm total on him So I don't want to lose my secret chat So I am going to tell you all the fillings, brother. You say city and as many cities as you have Jabalpur is on Indore but I am also of Indore. You guys have to approach, it's okay now Indore is again something which I want you oil Okay so I'll be covering a lot and give Even if I am not covering you, I am still covering you. Even if the city is taken I will give you templates I will give you those templates from which you can learn. Look at the valuations by putting in your city. will take price Have to do engineering, have to look ahead and that Dynamics Data and Population and Demography is very important simplicity You can see that people are coming to this city Leaving behind simple mathematics Simple things are becoming more and more like If subscriptions are increasing then so are the subscriptions. increase it i ask for very little These days you are on this channel anyway. But friend, increase it more and increase it with more force. If it's done then do more, okay then it's better It would seem that it would cost millions, wouldn't people say? hey hey he is so kind hearted then no less If you are talking then increase it friend, it's okay The people in my family who even Saw please share thank you