Hello friends, very important topic. Is your husband or wife very different from you? Is there no compatibility? Does he or she not think like you? I am a very popular marital consultant. I resolve a lot of problems and negotiate marriage as a professional. Fees are a little higher.  That's why I don't tell you, but I come and tell many things for free and give a new perspective and you have to understand, brothers and sisters, whoever is listening to me, if you have got married then it is going to be fun whether you If you have a husband, then it is okay. If you have a husband, then give it to your wife. If you have a wife, then give it to your husband so that you can enjoy it. So, we will take this. Husband Neha, husband Rohit and wife Neha, if it is okay then Rohit. Let's take the name of Neha's couple and explore many possibilities. Even if the video is a little long, watch and understand because one consultation will save you money and a smile will come on your face in your life.  I will try and understand that there are many viewpoints in life. It is okay to spend like traveling, wearing clothes, spending on food, it is okay to spend on house, buying property, talking about investment, it is okay to do a job. Everyone has their own belief system regarding children. When we get married, due to different social conditioning, the man and the woman, Rohit and Neha, are exactly the same and cannot think of anything. In some cases they think very similar, in some cases they do n't think exactly the same and in some cases the story is in the middle so try to understand carefully what the poet is trying to say. This is a slightly higher order video. It may seem a bit abstract but I am sorry.  We will watch with patience. We will watch only at 1x. We will not watch at 1.52 because then we will not understand. It will come out soon. It seems that I am speaking slowly but it will take a micro second for you to process. Let's look at the matter carefully. Two extremes.  Let's go, this is extreme, husband and wife get along very well, they think exactly alike and this is extreme, this one brother does not think alike at all, infact 180 degree extreme two out means that one will sleep in one day and one will sleep in the other.  Sleeping only at night means it is so extreme, believe it is okay, absolutely not, now there are some people in this too, there are some people in this too and there are some people in between too, okay so I am a very experienced marital  Consultant, now these are two extremes and the bandwidth of the extremes of each couple will also be different, but you can assume from the topic of discussion that there are two extreme sides, many do not agree that nothing works, nothing happens and in this world  Many people are afraid of getting divorced and it happens or there is unhappiness because it has reached this level. Many couples want to get married at the time of marriage and they want to be like this or close.  To this here, this one, I am questioning it, it is not good at all, I am not calling it great, you understand my point, I am not calling it very great, great, but I am questioning it here because these ones also travel.  You will say, Guru ji, how did this happen, okay, yes, I am, everything is good, the picture is good, she also likes the same, the favorite color of both is blue, the food is also like this, both of them like to drink, both of them like to travel, okay, both of them go to the mall.  good to go  It seems that both of them like to spend, everything likes this, everything is the same, there is no fight, there is no fight, everything is agreed, so what happens is the family is also a company, an entity, an institution, husband and wife.  And children later, if you agree to everything, then if the wife is fond of traveling a lot and the husband is also fond of traveling a lot, then there will be compromise on other things in life, from learning to upgrade to saving money.  There are many more aspects in moving up in the value chain, then you enjoyed a lot of fun but did not reach anywhere, then after a stage, when you compare with your peer group which may be siblings or colleagues. If you can then you will find that you are left behind, there was no one to interrupt that friend, don't move around so much, do n't roam around at all, never roam around, don't go anywhere, stay like a summer and always keep roaming around and keep roaming around. Stay and I am a traveler, it is okay to stay like this, these two are extremes, but if one person is a little like this and someone is a little like this, someone is in the middle and is from here, then sometimes it tightened its grip on it and sometimes it started rotating it. Have fun, one spends, one is very stingy, both are very stingy, then again they will not be able to live a good life, both are very stingy, they have a lot of money, there is no expenditure, there is no enjoyment in life, then children too are like this.  I did it and a frustration comes in being miserly, being miserly beyond a limit is a curse, just like spending too much money is also a curse, then there is no money left in it and there is no experience in being miserly, a little work should be done in between, that is why I am saying.  What is it like to have a spouse who agrees in everything or is the one who gives input? I will not make anything gender specific here, but as an example, if a woman is involved in many things.  If the husband wants to ask her anything, you can see the loud thing, you see the menu of Sanu, do this as per your wish, these are dumb women, such dumb women should be avoided in marriage, if I have a very good course on pre-marital consultation, you will get it in the comment section. Buy the one who will be getting married and do the same for others too because the reason is if you don't bring anything because sometimes what happens is I tell you something stupid.  Don't interrupt me in any stupid thing. Don't interrupt me in any stupid thing. Let's be independent. We have our own space. Yeh Yeh Yeh English has done such a thing these days. Don't check me in my crazy circle. I will not put you in your crazy circle and we will do this.  In English we will say we are giving each other space, we will end up in space, we will reach somewhere, no, nothing is going to happen in the real world, if the husband is drinking too much and his wife is not able to stop.  That relationship has to end and if the husband and wife spend a lot of money and the husband does not check, then there has to be some buddy to check you, the thought process of both should be the same all the time, then this should happen in their life because in my consultation.  Come, I am not shaming true couples, if this happens then don't take pride because you will need a mentor or guide for thinking loudly in every decision making, you will not have any check checking system of your own.  I have seen most of the couples who think very alike have the self-victim hood that it is us versus against the world. I have seen many people like this. Now I will go astrological, then that is the placement of Rahu and the Cancer sign and that.  Will come, I will not tell you, this is my astrology channel. If you want to learn astrology, it is simple astrology, please subscribe. But here I want to tell you that the thought process level is very high.  They become the same, it seems that this or this is the society, this is the family, this is the child with us, see this, your mother, your father, this, this, this, this is not with us, they give more to the siblings and do not give to us, self-victim hood comes.  Because the false narrative of a man is self-victim hood, he is not calling out his habit of beating himself up and any rational man, be it husband or wife, would say come on get up nonsense you.  You are not a baby, why do you keep crying like this, why do you keep crying, come on, let's go, earn money, work, open up your life, elevate yourself, whatever you do, as high as you want, it is okay, I will do it, I have seen a week husband, a week boy who  You are being brought up on the scraps of your parents and you will be brought up on the scraps of your parents, you will live at their house, you will live on their floor, you will eat their bread, you will earn less money, then brother they will torture you.  It's a natural thing, now you don't have the courage to leave, now the wife should explain that thing clearly that brother, this situation is happening, you go on earning money, no one earns more than you, your Neha will earn, you will earn the milk and live with self-respect.  Will take, she goes into that zone, what dirty parents of self-victim hood, yes, why is this happening with us, then why are you sitting there, then why are you sitting there because the thought process of both of them. Both are same, both are weak, every person is weak in some thing or the other, strong in some thing or the other, it is very important for husband and wife to be complementary, if just because you see a little different belief system, see your wife's thought process is different. Or don't panic about your husband because he doesn't think like me. It's a blessing. He doesn't think like you because if both of you think alike and your thinking turns out to be stupid, then his will also be stupid.  Will have to come, now two idiots have met, always have this doubt, never ever think that no, no, I am very intelligent, the rules of my life are all straight and many times, what will happen when life goes ahead, after 5, 10, 20 years of marriage, a pattern is formed for us.  Where the husband was right, where the wife was right, where the wife learned from the husband, where the husband learned from the wife and then they become each other's tuition teacher, Guruji, role model, mentor and that love grows.  Where there is awareness in marriages, now awareness will be raised through this video. Maybe you are the husband who is listening whose wife is very good but she just doesn't listen to you, everything does not work with your thought process, your thought process.  It is wrong because your thought process may have been given by your parents which is outdated. Many times there is a computer and we operate it with different software. Sometimes something is outdated.  It is bringing freshness, you are not able to process it because the software is sitting separately, it is possible that the other person is having an efficient software, it may be spoiled but if you husband and wife will give each other a chance to go wrong or their And then we will go on making a history by following the thought process that yes, we did this together and took the decision, yours was mine, sometimes yours was mine, sometimes mine was, how is the performance, in what respect, many times my husband.  It becomes like this that where the marriages go well, which is only at 20, why is it mostly discord because mostly I have seen that there are cross dynamics, my words will be obeyed, I am the husband, I bring the money, I will do the bullying, I am the man, in many cases. Women want complete control. For what ever reasons. It's okay without establishing who it is. It's like I will drive, I will drive, you will cause an accident. You may not have even seen his car. He is a good driver. Marriage is such a thing that both of them are driving. It is more than a car. You should look at marriage as if you are going in a boat and both are rowing. Do n't look at it as a car. Many people consider it as a car.  Looking at it like you want to hold the steering wheel asking whether the car is driven by your brother, as many people say after drinking alcohol, I don't have the capacity to drive from within, I am not going to drive, but your brother will drive, that is not to be done in marriage.  need to think about marriage  If you are in a boat with oars, if you paddle in opposite directions, the boat will not move. One will row to the left, one will row to the right, and it will not go anywhere. So we have to hit these sinks. We have to hit these sinks. Both have the capacity to row.  The whole cannot be the same, some can do more, some can do less, but you have to see once that it is happening in the right direction, this one is taking it right, that one is taking it a little.  You will have to detach and reduce your ego a little and stop complaining that my wife doesn't listen to me or my husband does n't listen to me because you have to see that there are power dynamics in the fact that he doesn't listen and you have the power in your words.  I do n't want to focus on this thing, I am an advisor to couples, the video is very cute, it is going very well, I am feeling very peaceful, as if I feel like creating the content myself, don't you tell me this thing, my consultation is done by telling this thing.  The shop is a little less because it is available for free because if you sort it out then a lot of troubles will end in your life. So if you are a woman or a man and you have a lot of complaints that your spouse talks about you.  If he or she doesn't agree, then instead of focusing on that, you have to see whether he or she would have got a better result if he or she had agreed with you. Is the result any worse in not agreeing and if that has happened, then you have to document it in your diary.  in your  Mind and write it down that if you did not listen to me, did it cause any loss or benefit to us? If it is beneficial then you can approach the wife end and the husband end. Darling, I was feeling that what I am thinking would have been better but man.  Things have not been spoiled by you either and I was not thinking that it will be so good that next time I will listen to you in this matter or you can say that friend, I will also listen to you a little.  I was completely thinking that there will be a failure and the son-in-law will be destroyed and I will come to you like this but I am pleasantly surprised that friend, I had not seen this angle. Now if you accept mine as this and we will tweak this situation. Take a little of yours and a little of mine. By doing this, brothers and sisters, our lives will run more and we will reach higher places. This is called marriage of intelligent people, not of fools. If I agree, many people sabotage me. I have said this.  I have seen in marriages that both wives and husbands take a decision, if you are speaking like this, if the wife is speaking like this, then I will not let this one get fixed, I could have contributed a little in this, I could have done something, I will do it in the opposite way so that  If he fails, this happens a lot in relationships, parents also do it, it is not only within marriage, parents also do this, it is called setting things up for failure, someone is a woman, wants to do a job, has a struggle in the office, this is  Do n't help her even a little, don't even keep your towel, you ca n't even leave your job, don't even take care of yourself, do n't hire a maid, keep teasing, keep being passive aggressive, this is how it happens, it's a lot of experience, brothers and sisters.  All these things are requested to you people, never go for a partner who says yes to everything, because there can be two reasons that he is dumb, he does not know, it is okay, I am saying this before marriage and  If you find something like this after marriage, do n't resolve, you know, encourage your partner to check you, be a monitor on your decisions, be your devil's advocate, have you thought about this, one thing is to scare, one thing is to check that.  You have thought that it can also happen like this, okay I am with you okay let's do it, there should always be this feeling in couples, let's do it this feeling should not happen yes you see what it means if  If something goes wrong, I will go crazy and create an orgy and if it goes well, then it's okay, it's done, I said what is it, so great, it's okay, this should not be the approach in life when there is a partnership, isn't marriage just a partnership?  If you have a partnership then its responsibility should be fulfilled and it is always bet I keep telling the couples, have some democracy, friend, there is no use in unilateral decision if you take a decision in which  It was a matter of enjoyment, like going to a restaurant. If your wife does n't like it, if she doesn't enjoy it, then your wife will make a face. Which food will you enjoy? Some times you will have to decide in advance.  The wife should say, "Come on, man, I don't know which sashi the husband is going to serve, I have not eaten raw rice with veg, I will eat it once, after that I will say, if I don't enjoy it, then the woman can say like this and  By the way, husband depends on the situation, sometimes there is so much fighting till the time of going for a trip, we are not able to decide whether we will go here or there, we are not able to decide, go somewhere, I want to tell the woman, get out of the house, there will be some benefit.  Go away, he is taking you, if he is not taking you here, then he is taking you there, Panda will miss you for a few days, if you don't want to go there, he is not comfortable, either there is an issue of money or some booking logistics people.  If there are 50 pieces, then you should tell the men, do it darling, you do the booking, we go where you say, okay, you do everything, live together in life, keep your opinion, live with love is actually not very difficult.  And Don't Celebrate You Know People Who Are Absolutely Agreeable Having a Agreeable Spouse Is Never a Joy Let Me Tell You I Love It  Under stress, husbands and wives have taken individual consultation and I asked what is the problem, the problem was that the husband does not fight, the wife does not fight, does not disagree, does not disagree in everything, what does this mean, what does this mean, it is not fun at all, that is, always.  That Performance Anxiety Just imagine there is a couple and only one man is taking all the decisions or only one woman is taking them and the other man is not saying anything, you see, you see what he is doing.  How much will his stress increase, man, in all things, take the same money, go and earn decisions, take that too, what will happen at home, take that somewhere, people have to step in, so I hope you understood the meaning of this video, you guys enjoyed it.  I liked this again on Sango Life Sutra, now on the political channel also, as they say, we had moved away, now this channel should also move forward because these videos affect the society a lot. There are many such videos on this channel which help the families.  Relationships are affecting marriage and I bring it in that way. I have many series of study playlists. You can watch them. You will get clarity on which aspect. Please write in the comment section. Thank you very much.  mech