Hello friends, Sucked Sugarcane and Scam in Indian Marriage Market is a very amazing video. It will impact the society a lot in a positive manner. You have to watch till the end. If you are married, then you have to have awareness. If your son and daughter are going to get married then you should know.  Specially those with daughters should know that this scam is being done by the boys. If it does not happen to you, if you ID then tell in the comment section what is this sucked sugarcane and who is the sugarcane here.  Boy, now what am I trying to tell you, the age of any boy who will get married will be 27, 28, 29, 30 years. Marriages are taking place in this period, it may be happening a little late, this is a general marriage, it will be his job, business, something or the other.  It would be okay for him to get a job as lucrative here as in IIT and with a higher salary like in IM because the girl's parents see this as very good, so this is the sugarcane, the parents have already taken a lot of loan in the name of that boy.  Have taken it and have put most of it in the property and the property is in the name of the boy. No, this is a scam. Most of all, you are getting married, you are not seeing the pay slip, you are asking for salary, you are not going to civil and checking how much is the loan.  By going to civil, all these things are beautifully explained in pre-marital consultation. My course is 777 rupees, you will get it in the comment section, so go there and take it because it is a two and a half hour workshop. The video cannot be made of two and a half hours. Bits. Things are explained in the end piece. Okay, so it is a girl's thing, I am telling it to the boys too, now the boys get angry many times, children, you should see that you are not becoming that sucked sugarcane.  Is it not in it that son, come, daughter, come, this is not daughter, son, come, I have just got a job, section 498, now you probably have section 86 in the new code, this one will look like this, if the property is taken, then do it like this.  They take the property in our name only, it is yours and you stay together, you are not able to live together because sometimes your husband enters into it and you cannot stay away from it, this is a very big thing, so today you have to live together.  If you are a girl in the society, then brother, you have to clear this thing openly, what do the boys also have to do to clarify, I will make a separate video here, I am a social observer, I am a marital consultant, I am a pro-beti, pro-beta, anti-beti, anti-beta feminist.  What else  There is MCP and all this, I am not brother Guruji, I am a kind of person, I see all the things in the society, these troubles happen in our society, later I come to know, it can also be called mis-representation of facts and it is more if the laws which have come in the new.  If we check in their language then there can be a lot of problem in it, I am also telling you this, so please you will have to clear this thing in your liabilities at the time of marriage, brother, where have you sworn and promised anything?  Has taken out a car on loan worth 7 8 10 12 lakhs, is being driven by his parents, still it is acceptable because it has not been booked for so many years and for so many years, but brother, if you are feeling very happy on a salary of 2 lakhs and  His 1 lakh 1.25 lakh is going to the child's son whom he is getting married to, so what will he do if he does n't go and eat, they will live together in the same house, then do you know what happens there, so it is better than that. Marry a guy with a salary of Rs. 1.25 lakhs. At least this guy is not worth Rs. 2 lakhs, he is worth less than Rs. 75000 because brother, a lot of tax is also deducted between the two, so keep this in mind and it sucked.  Sugarcane means, as much as he could suck, as much as the banks could give him as per the salary, he was sucked. How do you people like these videos? First of all, tell me, is this genuine in the society?  Do you highlight the problems that exist? Have you observed this? Has this happened to anyone in your relationship? Did this happen to you? Were you not thinking of doing this? Are you not the guy with whom this happened?  It is going to happen, the conversation is still going on, they are saying that yes yes, take this house here, you have to take this house like this, now you take a little loan, now take a little more, take a little more, take a little more, and he sucked that sugarcane. What in 25  If he gets a job for 22, 23, 24 for 29 years, then when he turns 28 or 29, he will suck even the savings of 4 or 6 years, your marriage is going on, give money to the boy, you should never give a single rupee to the boy in his marriage.  I am telling this to the boys, whose wishes have been fulfilled by the parents, that is their problem and it is their problem, tell me, I, then if I spend the money, then who will come where? Menu What will happen, I will decide. Do n't foolishly, boys are surrendering their future to things and having an unmarried, unhappy marital life. Expensive mean people like me talk like they are robbers after seeing the fees. I will save your marriage. You are not even such a big robber.  I am fine, the wedding fees are 50 60 70 lakhs, 50 60 70 lakhs, so middle class, middle class, this is middle class.  If a marriage worth Rs 7-8 lakhs is taking place, then it is a good marriage. Whether the person is lower class or middle class, otherwise there are so many unnecessary expenses in the weddings. Gold is also included in the expenses, lehenga is also available from both the sides.  I am talking about the expenses, the food, the stage, the expenses of all the mare, the expenses of this, the expenses of the band, everything and everything, giving a ring, mixing everything and putting it around the neck, this garland is the photographer only.  Nowadays, drone shots worth two to two and a half lakhs are being done from top to bottom. I add the expenses of pre-wedding shoot, post-wedding shoot and honeymoon in the wedding expenses, only then it will be done. Now now I feel that yes man, now at least I have to do it in 40.  It becomes difficult. 40 means expenses on both sides, both girls and boys, so brother, for the boys, you don't have to spend so much, even for the girls, it's okay, but definitely don't do it for the boy who is getting married.  Is No, tell him not to do it, don't do it to me, I will take such rounds, I will give the money to Pandit ji, okay, I will give it to Pandit ji, I ca n't do it without him, I will do it with the same customs and rituals, tell me about it, it is a program as per your wish, father and mother.  The desires of your heart will not match the desires of my future. Your parents married you by taking money. Just ask. If you will say yes, then tell me, your parents.  Don't be sly, please, okay, so whatever marriages take place, I am going to give full clarity to the society that whatever expenses have to be incurred in weddings, only the parents have to do it, not the children, and if you don't want to do it then  Brother, if you are poor or don't want to spend, then leave it to them and do whatever you want, then you can't become a hero, don't you understand, we will not be respected in the society, no respect, what will you do by being respected in the society, children?  There is respect in the eyes too, is n't there such a thing that the society asks, nowadays there is no such society, no one has time, nowadays everyone sends through Paytm, if they come, then this marriage will take place right now in the rains, my Anant  During Ambani ji's rains, perhaps half of the time, no one feels like coming and going, someone comes holding a ticket, someone comes earlier, they say that they have come 10 days earlier, they are sitting, mattresses are lying around, everyone is sleeping, music is playing.  having fun  Now no one has time, now there is no time, now marriage is a good thing, death is also there, no one has time for that till 13th and 17th, people have it, okay, let's finish it quickly and move on. Are The Realities Of Today's Times Good And Bad You Will Have To Accept Them This Is How It Is Avoid Sucked Sugar Sucked Sugars Are Circulating In The Market And  This sucked sugarcane itself will remain a mess and you will get trapped inside a mizy never ending mizy and then this huge rock of the society, the institution of marriage, has been shaken. This is a big reason for this, Acharya Prashant ji, this topic.  This topic will not be raised, only Guruji from Gurugram will raise it because I am sitting well inside the marriage market, I am waiting for consultation and what troubles are happening, this is happening.  I am telling this in different ways, my case studies are very famous, the playlist is full of them, going beyond them, suddenly one of my sister-in-law's Royal in Mica has become a super hit, meaning it was a good hit when it was released, but  Suddenly she has woken up, so if you haven't seen it, I will try to put her playlist in the comment section or description. See all those case studies. This too will go in the form of case study one day, but right now it is being shown to you like this.  Case  Studies are worth each case study is more than worth my consultation ok and that is also very hailey pride so that is the solution in itself the template is like take it for free ok don't forget that in any weekend and all the playlist  Watching it is equal to the time of one or two episodes of one of your web series, it is not such that it will take many hours but it is very interesting what happens inside the houses.  There are different different combinations and if you want any other scenario in that playlist then I will come up with it because my ears and eyes are not such issues which humans cannot create and are not capable of creating which I did not deal with.  So, this much experience is there, whatever it may be - brother's, sister's brother, brother's sister's husband, wife's mother-in-law, daughter-in-law, anyone's, it is okay to some extent and that much right now is my latest one.  I am promoting sister-in-law's role in MICA, so please see that also, Saas Bhau, what I bring is my specialty, it was never even Ekta Kapoor ji's, it was a serial, now it is gone, no one watches it, I bring reality.  I am coming for you people, it brings a smile on your face. Subscriber Info Group is a webinar group in the comment section. If you are not connected to me, there are many webinars on some groups where any good thing is explained and explained in one and a half to two hours. 7089 are free at 90, there are also paid ones at 10 and 20. Whoever has faith can do whatever he wants and can also take membership of the channel. There is a lot in the membership of the channel, there are amazing happiness courses, there is a lot, there is a Take a look, try it for a month or two, you will enjoy it and for that, get all access to all paid webinars free of cost and you will get to watch the old ones also and you will enjoy it a lot.  So please spread this thing, what did I tell you, sucked sugarcane, scam in the marriage market, don't fall for sucked sugarcane, have red flag, ask 00 thing, then ask 00 one thing, brother, whoever ask him, civil score.  What is it and how much is the loan against your pen? Are you sucking sugarcane? Guruji has come from Gurugram after watching the video, that is why I am asking about other wise.  We are not wise but we consider him as Guruji and follow all his advices, that is why we are asking, otherwise we should not have asked, ask like this, spread this video in the society, otherwise this pandemonium is in the form of a son of sucking sugarcane.  There are many sucked sugarcanes roaming in the market, I know it is right and many are married to sucked sugarcanes and there is only pain, only pain, only pain, not fun, but only pain, only pain.  Pain is pain, it is okay. Shubham Gaur says fun is fun, so pain is pain, so be very. You have a moral responsibility to share this video. The morality of sharing this video is such that in the society, neither the video nor the idea could be made.  We had it, now we have got the words, the idea has also come, so please share it like this on your family groups and on the groups of relatives.  This is a wrong thing in the society, it should not be done, but for your boys, it is not a SIP investment, they have to break their FD at the age of 25 to 27, it is okay, don't do this thing, it is okay, otherwise they will have a very unhappy life.  Clear in this is ok thank you very much