Hello friends, in the two lessons learnt for everybody, we will all learn two things from the two latches. You tell me, had you bought in these two latches? Recently, allotment has been done of two projects. Which projects of Gurgaon are you?  Tell me, one had 225 units and the other had around 1300 units. Both are superhit projects but what are the lessons learned? Did some people make mistakes? Those who got the option of choice in both these projects, they got any one and  They did not take this option, that is why I am telling you this first lesson because they did not like the unit, that is the biggest mistake that they made. Yes, I will tell you how and why you people did it, phase three of a project was its first launch  This launch happened at 6500 sometime, the second one happened at 83 something but I am telling you according to the super area per square feet and the current one happened between 11 11:30 12 so whatever happened earlier also  I had left it at Rs. 630 saying that this unit does not seem to be a good one to me, I just checked the rates, in one and a half years it has become Rs. 11-12,000 and today those who left it at Rs. 1112, that project, brother, there are still two phases left, it will come at Rs. 1314 and the last one after that  If it comes at 1617, is it a bad unit in your eyes? Could you have bought it for 11 or 11:30? Brothers and sisters, no, but I don't live here, I don't enjoy it. My wife refused, so what? The rate was increasing anyway.  After that we would have limited the exchange program, there are two types of people, I am trying to explain, the lesson learned, the same story played out on the other also people sat, luckily their priority number was there, such UI was given on time, everything was fine  I do n't like this one, oh I don't like it, a worst unit of a project and a best unit of a project, can there be a 100% difference between them in the coming time, can you tell me brothers and sisters, a  The unit is being sold for Rs 3 crore and the other similar unit, the so-called bad unit, is being sold for Rs 1.5 crore. This cannot happen. Even today, the difference will not be more than the difference in PLC, but it can definitely be in the absolute amount in percentage, brother.  If you had paid ₹ one lakh more for this unit, then even after 10 years you would have got ₹ one lakh more, but at that time, as a percentage, today it was probably at 7, 8, 10, at that time it was only at 3 per 2, and when it increases, this  I have made a lot of mistakes, it should not matter to the investor at all because just like some people like chana bhatura, some like dosa, some like pap chadi, what sin, I am saying papdi and chaat, okay, so every person can be found as a tenant  Everyone can be found, the sunlight comes less, it comes more, it is above, it is below, it is green facing, it is outside, Sanu, do you know the difference, half the people in India don't open their curtains, no matter where you live, even if they are sea facing, do not open them.  I am telling you with a practical example, half the people and half of them need it, so what I am trying to say is that you can get a tenant for each unit, if you are an investor and the choice is also yours, now I will tell you as an example, there was someone  Our customers are from Punjab, we wanted only lower floor, but were not getting lower floor, their turn came, even then they are getting on rent, they are not taking us on rent, we do n't like it, so we found out and asked them if they want to stay there, we don't want to stay there  You live in Firozpur in Punjab and you are from Punjab, very good and you like low floor, very good, then you do not want to live there. Do you think that in Gurgaon no one wants to live in a high rise on the high floor, then this high  Why are everyone building rises, take it, live in the rise, no, but we don't like it. Hey, you don't like it, but many people here like it. I like golgappas. I like these burger, veg burger, tikki ones, I don't like the potato ones.  But this means that if I have  I want to open a ready business, I want to open it somewhere, I want to open it somewhere in front of a college, I want to open it somewhere in the afternoon, those kids will eat snacks, who eats golgappas in the afternoon, okay, I cannot open golag, this is the thing that as an investor, you have to find out your  Choice P Now suppose I buy shares of ITC then do you do I need to be a smoker if I do n't smoke cigarettes I don't smoke cigarettes so can I not buy shares of ITC if I don't drink alcohol can I buy shares of United  I cannot buy shares of Burundi. I am not asking you to buy them. I am just telling you that maybe I get my house painted with Lex and I buy shares of Asian Paints. How does it make a difference? When will you think about that as an investor? This is the biggest first lesson which I keep telling people again and again as an example, if I myself like cars, let's cut Innova and it's okay, then can't I buy Dzire, even if I don't want to drive it as a taxi, I will not buy Dzire.  I do n't like it, you have to drive  No, the taxi runs very well because its maintenance is relatively low, the mileage is very high, servicing is also available because there is no need to travel in it, it has to be done from one place to another and the pricing per kilometer in it can be one Reduce the price by 2 rupees and the customer also benefits, you also benefit, it's all fun, so taking these practical examples, I am telling you people that a big mistake has been made here, which was missed because I don't like everything that you  I don't like it, it is like if the rate of gold is increasing, you don't like this set and you don't have any other set and the rate of gold is going to increase, then take it and exchange it later, brother, in buying another unit by selling your unit  There will be a brokerage of 1 per cent for selling one and 1 per cent for buying, so it is only 2 per cent, right? So if it is from Rs. 6500, as I told you, that product which was launched in Phases, which had 225 units, brother, the difference is only 2 per cent. You read it but the rate there is almost  If it has doubled or not then you tell me and we will keep moving forward, so if your so called unit was not that good, then you settled in the society, later groups are formed, someone or the other sells his  If you sell it, it becomes an equal deal, at least you took the ride, your money got spent at 20-30 rupees there and the rate has increased by 56,000 feet, that 6000 feet, brothers and sisters, if you multiply it by 1800 square feet, then it becomes 1 crore.  From where will you get 20 lakhs which you left for a small thing, to get 1 crore 20 lakhs more means you will have to earn 2 crores, the rest will go in taxes and out of that not even 20 is left, if you earn 00 then your savings will not be 0  Maybe 2030 goes in tax, out of the 70 that is left, see how much is the saving, so brother, the increase of one crore and a lakh or one crore and 10 lakh rupees is done by saving that, you will get the benefit of that.  It will take 1215 years this is when you earn a good amount of money so on a small thing that I am not liking this facing you have asked a question because once these tantrums happen in the beginning when the DTC bus comes  From Delhi to Chandigarh, when the man is sitting at the bus stand, he starts throwing a big tantrum, I want this seat, I want that seat, I want the front seat, I want this one, by the time we reach Karnal bypass, brother, if you are catching it from there, then you will find Jan  I would have gone and sat on that side, oh I got a seat, it doesn't make any difference, you can see in the bus, those who used to sit after making a lot of planning, I will sit here after making better planning, that's how it will be, then some uncle comes and sits like a Bhundha  I will tell you, we use a strange word here, it is called beedi beera and then you tell him that brother why are you smoking beedi, turn your face away and then start fighting with him  It is not allowed, you should teach him the law, smoking in public is not right  yes that is not right and everybody is looking at you with that detention this has happened to you brothers and sisters I am a practical example so you had done a lot of planning okay this one has been settled next that one later what will you do then  there are a lot of these tasks, okay so much, when the plane takes off, then all the seats become the same, before that the tantrums of this one, this one, that one, they reach on time, so whatever project you have, if  This theory which I am telling you, this first mistake is getting a bit long, I will tell you the second one as well, I am telling you this theory, you have to test it so what should you do, you go to any assisting project, in a normal middle class project, I will not tell you any  I will not tell you to go to Camellia where games of 100-10000 crores are played, those games are different, different formulas work there, I am telling you that too, but go to a normal project, any normal middle class project from where you can earn between 1.5 to 2.5 CR.  The old society is like a rock Pick up 50, it comes out, go to sector 56 in Gurgaon or any society there, you can go there and ask how much variation is there in the price and secondly in the rent, you will see that rent will vary on what work you have done in the apartment  How is the wood work, how is the furnishing, is it fully furnished, is it semi furnished, how is the cleanliness, how is the paint, how is the feel, rent will vary in that too, cross the limit, doti 4 5 000, doti 4 5 6000 depending on whether the rent is 40000 or 70000, bracket of 40 to 70000 Even in the rent of Rs. 4-5000, he can't pay more than that, that too when what have you done inside, make a difference, so it does make a difference, please do this due diligence, go to assisting societies and see how much difference is there And people have to wonder how much difference there was between the original and the upcoming products. Be smarter, the second thing that people made a mistake is that some people were lax and did not give the OI on time. If you have interest, then you will benefit only by giving the Expression of Interest on time. And even if you do not understand that money, then 5 lakh, 10 lakh, 15 lakh Rp one and a half, two, three months, cross the limit, now you will say three months can also be done, cross the limit, otherwise it will come within a month, earlier in Haryana there used to be Hooda draw plots for six months, for six months there was no draw, there used to be money and the draw  Even after this, it used to take a month or two for the money to come, so at that time the money would remain stuck for six to eight months, a lot of money used to be lost at that time as well, due to the inflation of that time, a lot of people used to lose money, so now  So you do not have any choice at all, this is the way it is going to be, so if a product is coming, you will never fully understand it when you are being told that you will have to take a broad decision that brother, in this budget  It is inside I don't know the rough exact rate, okay and  Like these two projects had come up, the second big project which had around 1314 units in Gurgaon real estate, even the layouts were revealed in the last two days, one and a half days ago and the IT layout was like a CBSE exam paper.  Meaning, it is opening and allotment is being done, I don't know how long ago it came, I mean, just like you kids get it these days to read the paper, I got it just like that because I know that it came on first day, first show, first off.  Was there okay first, I mean the line started from there like this so I was aware that friend this and that, I am telling you a tricky personal experience unit when there is something left of yours and you have to choose, man uses his brain friend  Which place is the most stressed about? I personally go through this stress when, bhai sahib, you sit at the table and everything is open, you can take whatever you want, meaning whatever you put your hands on is yours because you are number one, okay  There is more tension in it that which one should I take or this one  But this PLC is going too much, this one is there in it but everything is available, in fact when there is a choice, in my opinion, then decision making becomes better, when there are more choices, then I saw this problem in it.  Have you ever felt this, has it happened to you that you are getting everything, oh I am getting everything, I will buy it now, now I don't know how much the stuff will sell, it will sell quickly and that is after that you are like that it got sold well  All of it got sold out, completely sold out, this one also got sold out, then you are seeing the situation with your own eyes like a cricket match, after taking your unit, oh this one is gone, all of it, good, there is a lot of demand in it, good, good, the tower itself  It's out oh ho very good very good well the second one also aha ha ha ha after that the fun begins the fun isn't like I first invest in that project in which the whole world has taken everything now I have nothing at all but  Now I will invest for you. There is no builder who will buy the unit that you liked, sir. We still have it for you.  I have held it, you are the best person, we like you so much, respect you so much, no one can belong to anyone, you will decide later, when all the units are sold, then you will come to the end like Azim Shaan Shahenshah, come on now I I give money, it should not be like this, a leap of faith, one has to go through some stress factor in decision making, only then one can earn money, it is not like that you sit like a laat sahab and the price is also good, the unit is also good, decision making is also easy, the wife also likes it  The money came, the bank balance was also settled, everything does not happen like this, no matter how much property someone has bought, whatever it is, there is a little doubt and it remains like this always, many have more, many have less, here I have less. And teach people how to take all these decisions and how to go through those emotions, there are lots of emotions, 40-50 those counters are open, all the people are sitting, push hard, take this one like this, it is okay, let's hold on for 5 minutes.  I do not want to tell you to take it, it was released, within 5 minutes of its release someone else took it, now it is gone, now this is gone, now this is not there, now how to take such decision making, I teach these things in the comment section.  I will not give you the one at one rate so this is decision making that brother we have left the thing of 13000 square feet at the rate of something, now we will go to the next one which is probably of 15, so what is it like that, has there been an arrow in the pumpkin  That location must be very great, is the builder great, will anything change in any way, no, the only thing that happened is that you did not buy a good thing for one small reason, like I always say, any video and whatever else  YouTube tells the future ones to be better than the project that is going on now, I am saying it again and again that even the projects that are going on now are better than the previous ones, and the earlier ones were better than the previous ones, and these ones are better than the upcoming ones, and the upcoming ones are better than the upcoming ones.  If the one coming next is better than the one coming after him then I am telling you this clearly, I never say that no  The upcoming project is better than this, no, it is getting costly because whatever thing we call better, what ever this thing brother, you see what price you are paying for it, if something worth ₹1 is sold for ₹ 200 then it will be better but  You should look at the value for money, what was available for ₹1 and what is available for ₹200 now, so brother, is the thing worth ₹1 twice better than the thing worth ₹200 or even ₹1? Is it not so that  It is better than that at 20% but I have to pay 100% more price here people are not using their brain because it is very fast very fast this is like this so all the people who know about these two projects you will say  I do not even mention the names of the projects. My channel is for info investors. I am not coming here to share knowledge. There are 150 other channels to show and give side visits to the projects. Subscribe to them too. Learn A B C D Learn A for L Okay but if you want to learn the rest of these things then come to me Okay there learn Fur L B for Boy Okay so these were two projects which one of the two did you choose  I took the first one and both are excellent because many people kept comparing them for two months and I had said that there is no meaning in comparing between the two. In the first one, the allotment of 225 units got completed among 303 people. 600-700 applications were received but 225 units were settled out of 303 only. This means that the drop out rate remained at 78 only. 78% means that the selection rate was 75 which is a very high rate. Okay, I just received the data of the second one. No, but I will tell you the rough figure is that it has come out in smaller units, look if you are rejecting something because of the budget, then it is your compulsion whether your budget was for a 1 BHK or a small 3 BHK.  It was a BHK and that thing got gone and you did not throw any tantrums, there is no system for tantrums because you do not have any budget, if the one whose budget is between two to two and a half crores, now he is getting a thing worth 33 crores, then it is worth Rs. 2 crores.  The one with 2.5 crore can go up to 2.5 to 2.7, 2.8. It takes a lot of effort to go up to 32 from 2.5 crore. So the unit got rejected due to that reason. You have made another mistake in that, that if you had made a decision in the beginning and given the UI, something could have happened.  So it would have been better, so for them the lesson of the second mistake is learned and the brothers who have left out the things that were within their budget, they will have to realize a little loss, this is the video for that only, isn't it?  And it will not come, it will be expensive and even at that time there is no guarantee that you will get your dreams and the facing of the dreams which you think is very good, some tower will come in front of it, something else will come somewhere, if it is not there today then something else will come tomorrow  If there is a surprise, then decision making is not taken from him half the time  It is night; in winters more than half the time it is night; then in the morning we do not wake up with the sun; we do not go out as soon as we wake up. The most important thing in life is not what your flat is facing. The biggest reason for the happiness of life is that  It is that when you wake up in the morning, whose face do you see next to you? When you are sleeping at night, who is sleeping next to you? That person is your husband or wife. That is the quality of life. Face it, take it as you please.  If this is the conflict, the trouble, whoever the person is, then happiness cannot come in your life, so concentrate more on this, my relationship workshop was very cool, I am adding one in real estate right now, whoever could not attend it due to some reason Bhai, the recording is a super duper hit, like it happens many times in your performance, you feel that it is very good, so if anyone wants to take the recording through my app, then in WhatsApp2, you are for relationship, yes, so this relationship  It is because of this that you have rejected me. Does any man reject you alone? The wife says  Some dad and mummy say it, some one comes and says no, no, this doesn't look right, no, it is not good, oh sister, buy the suit, next time it will be available for Rs. 8000, some colour is what you are feeling, it's okay to your sister-in-law  Give her the suit, it will still be useful, otherwise you will have to buy a more expensive one for her, it is possible that she may like it, your sister-in-law may not like it, but it is possible that your sister-in-law may like it, okay, or your mother-in-law may like it, or your  If mummy likes it then take it, I am not able to find the suit again, I have to choose what I like, or you don't like it, I can agree, it happens many times that the color is not right, but the suit is good, yes the suit is good  Well, the rate is also fine and even if the rate will increase then you can decide later as per your choice, right now if you give it to someone it is possible that he may give you something later, so this investor man, he thinks in the same way and the end user  The end user also has to think that he has to buy something now, if he doesn't buy it then the rates will go up like this  If this is a message that Bhaiya you will not be able to take it, then please share it, like the channel, subscribe, thank you very much.