Hello friends, we will talk about two projects because many people are interested in them, what is their resale price, both the projects are facing each other, both the projects are of the same builder, the name is Godrej Air and the other project is Godrej Zenith.  This is a newly launched product. Close of one position has come, so first we will talk about Godre Ger. If you have bought it or you want to buy it, then the video will be very useful for you. Even if you have not bought it, then there is the general market trend and that thing.  will get  Godrej Air has a base rate of ₹ 1 per square feet and I am talking about this super area. I am talking about all inclusive. There is no GST and no need to do any legal charges and all that, whatever the rate is in the mature market.  It is said that there is an all inclusive rate in resale, there is nothing above that, now this is a base rate but some properties are even touching Rs 15000 in this because you understand that it is the fund of PLC. Having a margin of 000 is like paying 14000 at 7 and in the window of 6 to 7, there is price variation in the market depending on which tower is which floor, which is the facing and beyond that, how much PLC was given, where was the sunlight.  Where does the shadow come, you all know, there will be that much variation, so depending on your flat, if you want to sell in resale, then this ball is a Pak figure, not less than 14 at all.  And things even go up to 15. Now things are discussed on the spot. There is a ball park figure for the buyer as well. This project is a bang on multi utility corridor. It is already very wide if you want to actually feel how wide it is.  If it is built then the mall which has been announced by miracle, as it starts from there, it will be built as wide as you can see in front of it. It is already a very wide road, but it is as wide as it is.  It will become much bigger than that and you get to see how much width can be in the front of Elan Miracle. What is its other advantage? A Godrej I have already told you that the construction is very good, it has good construction and it is a very good product.  Its opposite is Godre Zenith which is a late launched product and Godre Zenith is a late launched product and currently the sellers are expecting it.  000 per square feet premium is 2000 especially on small units in 2 BHK and 2000 on small units of 3 BHK they are expecting and on bigger units the expectations are 1500 to 1800 so this is the expectation whatever price was there now.  Why am I not telling the exact price like Godrej Air, because here the matter still remains  By doing PLC, VLC and all this because he is not yet an investor in his mind, he is only demanding premium from his costing, it is okay, this product is not mature yet, so it is okay, that is why it is being talked about mostly.  The inventory was of PLC, non- PLC inventory according to me was only around 25-30, some of it was PLC, a little less was more, it was within such variety, so understand the matter that if Godrej is  There are 14 to 15 in which the position has to be taken quickly, all the money will be gone, so here the matter is comfortably between 1530 to 1630, depending on the opportunity, how much is the unit, if you talk about all inclusive rate, then it is almost this much and if there is any unit here. Small unit is available, if anyone is getting it then you can take it because what people have not seen here has understood because this product will be available in 6 years, you will get Zenith only in 2030.  The same is made at the same pace, is as dense and the same things have to be made, so now a lot of commercials have started being made around it, but all these commercials are like a belt, it starts with the announcement miracle, ' A will come again, new things are here'  Commercials are being launched, Godrej 's touching project, Zenith is a touching project, this is a commercial project, then the cyber hub to come is in sector 88 and 89.  The dividing road which goes ahead where there was a factory is now also being removed and joins Pataudi Road. It is a road of 1.25 kilometer and all the off-office and commercial areas will come on it, which is called Cyber ​​​​Hup 2. It may happen in the future. It took 3, 4, 6 years, heard some stories in 3, it started being built in 4, 5 years, then it is a global city and that too at a distance of just 4, 5, 6 minutes from this location, that too 10 years old, 10 years old  There is a Sutri program, that too, it is not like that something is coming the day after tomorrow, but these projects will do very well in this residential project because of such a location, such a big road, it is very rare. AIPL's commercial of residential project has come across the road. They have put a huge board wall within 10 acres, it is coming there and the touching side is coming to them, it is all commercial, so I think it will be good and you guys. Those who have bought it, the story is still far away. Now their payment of Rs. 30 will come in March and after this payment of Rs. 40, you will get time for the next payment, at least seven to eight months.  If anyone is ready to sell the Haj at Rs 2000, then you can reduce it as much as you can by bargaining, if you want then you can buy it because now no product is coming because whatever comes now is coming at Rs 22000.  Right there, I am not disclosing the name right now, Rare Vera will come from this location, just 40 seconds away or 30 seconds to 40 seconds by car, walk on foot, not even 5 minutes, okay, so 22000 to 2000 on this same road.  If the rate of square feet will come then where is 15 16 where is that of Air 1415 where is this 151 and where is 222 then there is a lot of difference ok and that is like  If it comes to 22, it will bounce another 1000 feet, so if it is 16, it will easily go towards 17, 173, because it will come and it will come in 22, it will come in 22000, it has to be taken, it is not to be taken, what to do when it  If the project comes, we will talk about it, but right now there is a chance of going up to Rs 161000 by the end of this year, if that project comes on 22nd, there is information like and  If instead of 22 it comes at 21, it will be a little less. If it comes at 20, it will be a little more but from 20, it is definitely going up. As far as I have heard, 22 has been heard and if 22 becomes 23, then brother, jump further.  If it comes, please keep coming such videos, write in the comment section. If you have purchased here, you can also take membership by pressing the join button. Thank you very much.