Hello friends, understand these two investors in the real estate market. There are two different types of investors. We also consider investors as one type. I will tell you how all the two types of investors are. Through this video, there is one investor who has got the money.  Either he has sold something of his from somewhere or he has got inheritance, which means he has got a lot of money, it is in the bank, the second investor is that it is 10 15 20 30 lakhs i.e.  10, 15, 20 is to be given and the rest will be taken as loan, both the investors are different, it is up to the investors to understand, it does not matter what kind of property you go for, it will make a difference, I would have told you what mistake the earlier investors are making.  I am here so that people do not commit such mistake in this market and burn their hands because many people are seen burning their hands. Someone got the money and made a fortune of Rs. 3 crores through lets. I am telling you these two things as an example.  CR can also be one CR, I tried to get hold of three CR and understand what is the mistake, this three CR money has come to this person, he can easily buy a property from it, any flat which is two and a half to three CR  Was he coming somewhere or looking for one property, he runs towards two properties in three CR whose total sum value is 56 CR and is under construction or in the same five CR property, he does not want to play games with CR.  I will give money from 40 to 50. The one who is playing at 30 is a khatron player, the one playing at 30 is a khatron player, the one at 50 is a player, that is fine but ideally the first investor who is playing  Those who are in this kind of category, you have to tell them that if you have to buy even two properties, then buy such a property which in total will cover your budget because it may be under construction for the next three to four years.  If I make another Rs 50-60 lakh of my own then don't over leverage thinking that I will take two and will make profit in one and from that profit then I will do the rest. Don't do like this, I have told you earlier also, tell me through the form of this video.  I am in the second category of investors, I would like them wherever payment plan games are coming in the market. If you are an investor and are not sitting with the entire money, then you can go for the payment plan one.  Wherever there is an easy payment plan, you have double leverage that your loan meter has not gone down, you have played the game at 203, you have played with it, you have not taken the loan, you have the capacity of the loan, here also I will not say about over leverage.  I will not say that no brother, it is a thing of ₹ 1, you are sitting with only ₹ rupees, you do not have the capacity of 70, you have the capacity of 70 to take a loan, but there is no need to take a loan, so this is advice for the  Second Investor: Which investor are you or in which category do you fall? One or two? Please tell me. I hope this short video would have been easy for you to understand and would have been beneficial. Do not over leverage. Do leverage but do not over leverage.  Is it a game of 200 or 3300 out of 50? Will it be better if you play only 50 out of 50 or hit the limit? You can go up to 60, 70. 20 Do it above 30, yes, okay, especially if you have got money in LSM and do not have much of your own income. I see many youngsters here whose income is very normal, due to which you cannot buy a big property. Who is that income?  C is, many children are not able to buy a big property even up to Rs 1 lakh 2 lakh 2 lakh, so in 70 80 90 Hajj, they don't know which one to buy and have dreams of over leverage.  You see, don't do this, that is the advice, that is, spread your feet just by looking at your bed sheet. It is possible that if you are in North India, you may not get the solution in North India now. For investment, you may have to go left and right. Be open.  To that no no then which money is not easy to earn there? Who will take care of your job? Yes, we take care of you. How much salary do you get? Yes, 60000, how many hours do you go?  Yes, 10 hours, how many days do you go? Yes, 25 days, how many months? Yes, how much leave do you get in 12 months? Only after going 10-12 days in a year, you get money, that is, if you want to earn Rs 10 lakh for 6 days in a year, then you have to do good for that.  Be ready to invest 121 lakhs. If the one who is earning even 15 lakhs is left with only 56 lakhs, then be ready to spend the whole year and investment to save 56 lakhs.  You are not ready to give even one or two days in a year for the opportunity to grow, you have to think that a little effort seems to be everywhere, no one stands like this in Delhi, you live in Pritampura and in Gurgaon.  Have taken property on golf course extension so don't stand there every day to manage the property there are people who take care so I hope you understand this basic difference like subscribe the channel and if my  If you want to join the info webinar, then in the top of the comment section, if you are not already ready, then it will be a duplication, do not join, but if not, if you are watching this for the first time, then I will explain things better there many times.  Let me explain, I am also running a real estate mentoring program and if you want to join then give me a course on real estate.