Hello friends, I have already covered that three to four subscribers who are in the market, today I have brought an interesting topic that three to four subscribers who consume real estate content, I will not call them customers, I will call them subscribers and discuss on this.  I will do it and you all tell me which category you fall in. Before that, someone had sent me a video, some subscriber had said that brother, some fellow was giving me some knowledge after a long time.  When I saw the video, I did not get any knowledge on time, so I said, who is giving me the knowledge? I am so knowledgeable myself, that video was made by some troll type of mine, but what struck me in it was because see Guruji, only the one who works is there.  Takes out a useful thing, I took out that there are some YouTube which come with a disclaimer that it is very good because it is on the right side of the law or something, but they put the disclaimer, brothers, sisters, till the pot and the second, that is, till the second.  if you their Also take a screenshot and read it, which has to be searched a lot, something like this is written in it, that is, before making the video, if you want me to put it like this or speak like this, then you should understand. It is very interesting. The content is published in this channel. Anyone.  The name of the channel is of general nature and is furnished exclusively for educational purposes. The material contained in this video is with reference to general sources of information the objective of  This Video is Solely for Educational Purposes and Not Intended for the Sales Marketing of this Property Project Provided that No Information Cited in the Video Shall Be Deemed for the Aforesaid Purposes Not Withstanding Anything Contained Here to Its Strictly Advised That the Viewer Shall Exercise Due Diligence  Prior to any decision for purchase or which is public social Posing as reformers, they write these things which the public does not read. I am telling them after reading them. Friends, after reading them, mark the subject as mutual fund and tell them. At least the idea should go to the public. Here, you show it for a micro second, brothers and sisters, any commitment is meaningful.  TO THE INFORMATION APPEARED IN THIS VIDEO IS WITHIN THE VIEW OF THE VIEWER RESPONSIBILITY AND WILL BE PERFORMED AT THEIR OWN RISK OR SUBSCRIBERS ARE BY Advice not to act upon any information imparted on this channel without seeking professional and expert advice. Further, I will also put everything like this, after this you will feel like watching the video, if someone 's brother's food is cooked like this, the stomach gets upset, don't tell us, we tried a little.  Tried to clarify but he can't speak this much English, he knows this much, his is fine, this much he knows, can't I also speak, my English is also good, this much One of our black coat brothers has written this but I want to say that why does YouTube have to write this because to the public and subscribers, if I tell you three types or four types then it is not a condemnation of a YouTuber friend, what happens sometimes?  They all troll like this, hey brother, since when do people from the same community fight so much, hey, you also do it, yes, I too am a scoundrel, I too should not indulge in scoundrelism, even myself.  I advise you to look at each other, doctor, doctor will not fight, lawyer will not fight, it is okay and these are many professions but many of us are like this too, it is okay, so today I try to organize a class for a few subscribers, if you enjoy then enjoy.  Come and find out what type of person you are, make a video, it is okay by coming here, you have been sold, if you take the name, you are sold, if not, you are sold, if you take the name in gestures, then it will be a problem. Because look, if a man says that there is a man who has a white beard and they say brothers and sisters and has a chest of 56 inches and this is what it means, it is better to just take his name, I also came to know that it is okay to be whipped.  So either you should take names or you should not take them, the journey is gradual in life, we learn slowly, so either take names or don't take them and if you want to condemn then tell openly that it is okay and clear to condemn like this. do it from  So that the next one also gets peace or don't do it, I, as a professional, I want to ask you, are you a subscriber, according to me you are in three or four categories, first of all, you have bought real estate, pan India can also be good.  Gun specific also, I can take an example, you are already sitting after buying real estate, then there is a bull run in real estate, the rates are increasing, you are seeing that the projects are becoming expensive, okay and you are enjoying because  You are sitting with it, you could have taken only that much, the second category could be that brother, you could not do decision making, you did not understand the thing at that time, now you are a big dyspareunia and sometimes this brother, this one is good, brother, that one.  Okay, brother, this verse is that verse, that verse is that verse, because you know that those who have these verse and those verses are very big, they have to give them the same verse, today I will tell them very clearly, may people have great peace.  It will be fine because who cares about the voters? Everyone would have done aarti to the voters, but which election do we have to fight? Subscribers, they will run away, such subscribers will run away, they were not killed by us anyway, those we have killed will remain, it is okay, they will be seen, they will run away.  So you will know, it is okay to play, but I am telling you for you people, I am trying to troll my subscribers, if YouTube1 is a clarity giver then you can do such work. I am fine, second people are like this, thirdly these people are those who cannot buy, they are not able to get a job, so they are just surviving on salary, father is not agreeing, they are not selling the property, money is not coming from anywhere, they are saying that  The sky has fallen, the sky has fallen, these rates will fall, everything is like this, everything is like that, no it is like saying, if the marriage is not happening, then all the girls do section 498, only the girls are not good, if the girls are not good, then at night.  You see them, they have worn out their hands on mobile phones for two, three, three hours. You are fine in every way. Yes, this is the condition of the youth who troll more, this is the condition of most of the people, this is the condition of many people. Okay, so who are you?  Are you able to buy any property in C category? If you are not able to buy it then ask because this question is asked a lot. This is the rate of 20000, this is of 21, this is of 19, this is the justified rate.  It is justified because the thing is being sold. If the thing is being sold then it is justified. It is being sold at a slow pace. The next one is coming with the same rate. You look at the cost of the land. Now some group has bought 1.74 acres of land in Gurgaon worth Rs. 153 crores. I am here.  I don't know how to increase GK. There are many other channels which bring updates like this to increase GK. It is okay with the name, this is the one who writes this and this also writes that our question is  Don't read this, we have already told you that we do not have any respect or religion. Okay, so they have already given a clear cut because but that is my English. You wrote it very well, but please show me these words in seconds.  I cannot read it and it takes a lot of effort to read it by pausing it and zooming out to see what is written, so if your intention is to actually tell what you want to tell, then you will have to tell it in a manner like I am telling that I  any time anyone  The product will be spoiled by you no matter how bad it is, it is okay if any food item is spoiled in any way, it is okay whether the paratha is useless or the vegetable is useless, if there is any thing, then I will not take its name because I have released that I am mine.  I used to claim that I have a lot of desire but I released that I have a lot of desire that when you read the stories, you feel relieved that it was there in reality otherwise because some video 10 12 15 people have seen it.  There are so many people in the market, so I will never do any such work which will kick someone's stomach. If I want to do good in it, then how will it be good for the general public? If the good of the general public will be done then it will be done by taking consultation. Give the consultation fee. Come, understand me one on one.  Model, now other YouTubers have also started applying, I am telling other YouTubers also that you have become 'G' and you have become 'G', all the knowledge here is free versus this versus that, this is good.  Is that good, ask us, ask us, stop telling everything, then yes, only then it will work, if the public will come against you because the public will come against you, you will call one thing bad, they have bought it, it is like I say, sometime before getting married.  After all, the character of the tune or the son-in-law is not asked. If your son is getting married, then don't ask about the character of the tune, you have taken it, no, how are you now brother, how is it, say good, no, good, say bad.  Will you give? Why are you speaking bad? If you speak bad then you will not get paid. If you are speaking well then you will get paid. Okay, tell me exactly as I am speaking to my subscribers. What is not the case with any project? Tell us your approach and content. Tell us all.  There is a dirty drain in the front and behind, then it is like this, then it is like that, then this is the rest, you see, it is not told like this, you do not understand, we will tell you, those with some verses, oh brother, ultimately you have to make the one who is on the project win, right?  I am telling people that we all are not barbers, we are hair cutters and our living depends on saying yes, so if we come for hair cut and you ask us that Guruji, if we cut our hair, then what will no one say, don't cut the work, if you want to cut hair then yes.  Friend, you have two hairs on two heads, one so much, one so much, we will say make it equal, make it equal, understand why are you asking me these innocent questions, this YouTube that includes me looks very innocent, are you just trying to earn money?  I came here to earn money and who did I claim in which video? Actually, what is it? Very few people watch a 10 minute video and they leave within 4 minutes. Last time, I made some video series which came in my yellow blue thumbnail which were in my  It is an all time favorite, it is good, it has value for money, in which I said in the disclaimer that I have taken this one, then in the comment section also someone writes that he must have taken it from this, so hey brother.  If you had watched the entire video, you would not have written a comment, within four minutes you would have written it and gone away, but this does not mean that we have a platform, we can also take Watts, a subscriber's subscriber can write a comment, the rest of the users can write a comment. You can make 100 videos, you also have to watch and understand because if you do something like this then if the moral of any YouTube gets low then it doesn't happen to me, I am a thick second but if it gets low then only you will learn something.  You will be deprived of it, then everything will be paid, so there is a lot of things, if you want, you should not get anything for free, like I have made a very good video, if you guys want, I will release it on how to check the intention of the builder. I have taught a very simple technique, no builder is a builder, how to check his intentions, I have given a formula, there is a one minute video, if you want to see it then write, now you tell me from whom did I sell that video and get everything.  It happens like this does n't it?  So social service or some normal professional work has also been sold, it is possible that the doctor is writing a prescription, he is prescribing medicine, he has been sold, yes, you should look at that medicine man, do n't take the medicine, everyone is sold, like this the whole world, you too.  You have sold out, you have also sold your time, all the subscribers who listen, those who are employed, you have sold your company's time, you have sold out, so everyone is selling something or the other, someone is selling himself. Someone is selling knowledge, someone is selling service, someone is selling something. The country is free and the same thing is done for free like free electricity and water. See what happens to free electricity and water. Do you know who is so happy with it?  In life, if you are one of these three or four types of subscribers, I want to know how my subscriber should be, I give my definition, if you can come in that definition then it is a lot of fun, if you ca n't come then it is important to go there.  where we were born Dosa is not being made according to your taste, I don't feel like Sambar is not good, I have to eat only that and I have to say to him every day, if it is not good, go where it is good, then I want a subscriber who is open to all in life.  Who has possibilities? Who doesn't get hung up on his own. Who has decision making skills. Who has little. Who has some doubts. Wants to connect some dots. Who is afraid of confirmation bias. Very much. A little bit. Everyone wants confirmation bias. But it is not that you decide by taking a poll from 100 people. When you go to get married, do you ask 5000 people that this is the photo, brothers and sisters, should I get married, that is, do you run the poll by setting up a group on Telegram or do you run your own intelligence, discretion and consciousness?  If you decide from this, then those who have a little awakened conscience, those who have reached somewhere in life, those who want clarity, those who want to understand everything, I want my subscribers webinar in the comment section.  There is Info Group, if you have not already joined then you can join beyond that and there are old projects for resale which are not covered by anyone if someone tells them that these are good projects because one more scam is coming, what is coming in the market? I will tell you a separate video on that, it is also coming in Gurgaon market, you just see what is going wrong in the market now, my aim is to prevent that thing through those videos and because of that in the market.  today's day  Resale has stopped a lot and even more people are feeling chilly. I will tell you clearly what is happening in that video. It is definitely power to influence and I will use this power very responsibly.  I will use it to anyone anytime while walking. Don't ask what kind of builder is this, what is the project like. If someone is telling you while walking then it is wrong. It is a proprietary information. Please learn to pay up and consultation fees will remain.  If you are buying things worth two crores or three crores, because less than this, like Gurgaon is not available in Real Estate, learn to pay for consultation because in many places you pay a lot of money for very small services. When you make a builder buyer agreement, then a token.  That's what the lawyer's son takes. Tell him how much money do you pay? You would know the rate in Gurgaon. He takes the token only and gives it to you. Your builder brings it and then he tells this lawyer. Give the money to the lawyer. The face of the lawyer is not visible. There is some small person who comes there and comes to get the signature done and they are 20, 30, 40. How much money does he take from everyone, give it, I have given it myself, what a great service he has given to him.  You will definitely give the meaning, whenever it is said that he is the father of Dhule, he keeps wasting money in front of the mare, when you go to get the registration done, then the whole public gets into that mode and where does that story start, like only then I  I say that it is necessary to take pre-marital consultation before marriage. You invest Rs. 10,20,30,50,60,70 lakh in marriage. The middle class, I am telling you, rich people invest even more. Okay, do it first in that and do it first in real estate also.  Take care of yourself because if someone is selling sweets then he will take money to tell which sweet is good and which is bad, otherwise he will give you whatever you say, say yes brother, in everything brother.  Sir, we are in the mood to buy a commercial one, yes, take it, brother, how is this builder, it is very good, yes, how is this one, this is also very good, but how is that one, yes, that is also fine, what do you want to buy, brother, for me?  You have to take this, take it now, we will get it to you sir, but when you ask these five things, you don't like it. You know that you did not enjoy it, but you think that some person got proper flour for free because Indians were not yet used to real estate.  real estate in  What was there in me, anything is coming, it is coming, what has become different, in the same city, on the same road, within 2 kilometers of each other, 000 square feet, 12 13 14 15 18, 20000 square feet, within minutes of each other.  Otherwise, how can one justify and understand that brother, take this one, take that one, take this one, which one will increase, how will it increase, what will increase, what can the data say?  What is the future saying? What are the parameters? What are those parameters like I told you as an example by which you can judge whether this real estate is overpriced or underpriced? Brothers and sisters, which is coming in the month of May. I am starting a real estate mentoring program, my batch is starting, who wants to register for it, if you want to know, then rumm rem p on the given number [music] whatsapp2 square feet increases, it increases just like this  It has increased by 3000 2 square feet and if that thing was 2400 2600 square feet then 80 lakhs have increased, 80 lakhs is 8 lakhs. If you have savings then 10 years of savings is also a package of 20 lakhs. Brothers and sisters, you are sitting with it.  20 lakh is a decent package, not much at all but many people in 20 lakh do not have more than 8 lakh left out of 20 Can't you, if a person who is earning Rs 20 lakhs, will also pay taxes and will have to eat some food, he will be able to save only Rs 8 lakhs, then the rate of your future savings of 10 years increases in three months, so learn it now, if not then when.  Learn that nothing is going to happen by trolling. I think so, what do you think, what do I think, how do you think, does anyone think it is beyond 400? Someone is saying that if only 150 seats will be available. 400 will come, 150 will come, how everyone is feeling their own, the result will be known but the same thing is here in real estate, what are you feeling, what am I feeling does not work, what works is the sum total of what is everyone feeling.  So if suppose there are one lakh people who buy and sell in the market, what do they all collectively feel? Where is the trend of the market? If things keep getting absorbed at higher ticket prices and the goods keep being sold, then the goods will come.  There may be some goods that may not be 100% sold in three days, may be sold in six months, may be sold in a year, may be sold in three years. Any project that is coming up will not be completed before six to seven years and for that you are RERA.  You can see that I will tell you all the different educational videos that I will make and I am telling this clearly with a disclaimer, I will also make a disclaimer before and I am not showing that half-second video to you guys, whatever video will be made and which  It also becomes my benefit before becoming the first one in that. If there is no benefit for me in that video, then I will not make the video. You think this, now it can be my benefit. I get peace by making you benefit. This also happens.  Why should I forcefully paint myself as cunning, which I am not, Guruji, I am a good person, so I will not forcefully paint myself as bad, but I have given this disclaimer, see, the benefit is mine because the views will come.  hee na that age a  YouTube is a benefit, no matter what you create content as a YouTuber. If 5, 10, 20 thousand people watch it, then make a YouTube video of that too. Will any film maker make a movie or you will just make people do it like this, yes, do it like this. Even leaders are made to get votes, they can say anything to get votes, they can say anything, brother, he needs votes somehow, I will make it somehow, then I will see, so understand this thing, it is better if you do not troll in this matter. So I would like you to not do anything to any fellow user, not to do anything to any real estate person, every person is someone's child, they want to earn money by doing some work of their own, if you understand then it is okay, if you understand then don't look, there is no coercion here.  No, there are 8 crore creators in India, there are 8 crore channels, like I alone have five channels, I am saying that there are crores of channels, you have to watch them as per your wish, it is your choice as to whom to subscribe or unsubscribe.  Never watch this, you will not watch anyone's video or its algorithm will tell you why you are spending so much of your time and energy. Save means you are wasting it. You save, go and watch someone's video. If you have increased the rate or decreased it then reduce it.  How to reduce it, tell me what is the way to reduce it, everyday he came and said, no, the rates have increased a lot, they have increased a lot, they have increased a lot, they should not reduce, they should crash, they will happen when they have to stagnate.  Or time correction has to come, it will come but we can tell you the situation as seen with our eyes, now some 222 runs are being scored, 240 are being scored in 20 overs, 200 are being scored, 100 are being scored, the pitch is low and fast, we can tell you the situation as seen with our eyes.  Now I have seen you with my eyes, do you think that no no, this is not the actual situation, you are telling something else, so brother, you tell me what you are feeling, why are you feeling just feelingless?  If you don't like it, then understand this video a little bit. This video was made so that I can reset for future, I come into every thing and tell every person that you have been sold, you have been sold, I am being sold on every channel, then politics is somewhere else.  When I am speaking, politicians are also buying, builders are also buying, I mean, the general public is also buying me, my courses are fun and suppose I am being sold, then I will study after Adani Mukesh Ambani.  No, since when did I start following me, read, I don't want to follow them either, they are also doing good work, why do you look for competition, you understand something about yourself with a normal person, see who is telling you something and explaining it to you.  If you understand, then everything is good, I get to know something about other YouTubers also, my GK also becomes very good, very good YouTubers are doing very well, they come with some updates, they come with this, they come with that.  It's a good thing Everybody Buddy has got a mean talent Everybody Kishore Da So everyone copied Okay, and whoever copied also becomes famous So style of speaking Style of taking examples Style of hiding things Style of not taking names Style of taking names  So look even more flat than this, imitation is the best form of fluttery, no matter how much you troll someone, use abusive words, but if you are following him, you are speaking his words in the same style. Or are you trolling him, okay then this is the best thing that you arrived, like my podcast went viral on one of my channels, got 12-14 lakh views overnight and started making memes, so it means feeling bad. If your memes are not being made then that means you are not arrived. Becoming a meme is a very good thing. He is like our Bobby Deol, he is not such a superhit hero but his memes are popular so they are relevant. Because you must have seen that Lord Bobby guy, I do n't know who started it, but when he was asked for an interview, he did not say 'I don't dislike it' because if it is becoming a meme, then it means that you are relevant in the public's mind and  If it is relevant and people are talking, then anytime in any video, because you will consume a lot of real estate in the future too, so you people have to take information within it, you can take webinars a little.  It can be done openly and the other way, then the last route is of paid consultation for those who are totally stranded and have to restructure their portfolio, have to dispose of old things, have to take e- under construction, have to take close to position, have to take ready to  Have to move in small city or big city Have to take a plot in another state because there are many people who come from Bihar and from particular areas of UP, they do not want to take their place. Now if they want to take their place in a big city, then for them, Gurgaon should be the same, Pune should be the same, Ahmedabad should be the same, Bangalore should be the same because they have left their homes everywhere, they do not want to settle there and keep doing jobs in all these cities.  If you are interested then you have to take that consultation, if someone is stuck in the commercial and does not want to get stuck or if there is some other decision making then we will help in that but now you will not get to hear which builder is good and which is bad in the coming times.  Because I learned a lot from Young YouTube, as I told you in the beginning with the disclaimer, whatever it is, it is a big honor for you that you have put so much mind into writing such good English, how did you free yourself from Panda and that thing too.  I liked it very much that you show him only the points and seconds. I want to show it to the public because after showing it, he will not like it, he will think that you have told everything, then what are you telling me? You have already said that.  brother, all this is like this  He is Janal Fernal hai apna dima laga leo mere toh phir tu toh so I know there is a compulsion that punt and second should be shown. Okay but give me a little bit, we can change the delivery. You can tell me the things in that video of my builder.  The intended one is a blanket, you can check it on any page, I have not told anyone in it that it is bad, it is ok, it is a general video, you can check it, if you want it, you can tell me.  so you can be mine  If you are in groups, I should tell you the same, I should give the information in the same way, I can give it only one on one because the information we can get from RERA is in the open domain only, but no one has told me, no one has taught me like this.  That you should check this way, you should like the video, subscribe, subscribe to the channel, there is respect for everyone, everyone who comes has the intention to learn something, whose only work is that it happens to many, if the stomach is not cleared then the anger has to be removed.  someone someone  Neither will we release any video beyond that which came earlier. Real estate is something like a feeling that we are left behind in life if we are not able to buy it and there is a lot of pain in it, I am very comfortable with this pain. Accustomed with this pain of a normal person that a thing worth one crore comes, you don't even talk about anything below two and a half rupees, it does n't affect anything even in that, it went away at three and a half, what happened, suddenly the land is gone now.  The affordable housing resale positions that have come are going for 7580 lakhs. The affordable housing in Gurgaon that has come out was for 2021 lakhs, the smaller ones are 500, 550 feet, 650 feet and till now perhaps a position of 645 square feet has been found. No, I think it is fine till now and the one which is slightly smaller in size is being traded in the same sector, what is its rate?  Tell me brothers and sisters, what is the rate of this tulip 11? Anybody, rat rat, last I knew, it comes in 20, 21, 22, there are two small sizes in it, so who among you is staying, then crowd crowd, I will tell you all the things in detail.  Now tell me the latest rate, I will make interactive videos on many things, some of you can take membership of my channel, beyond that there are reviews of the videos.  In these good top projects, I have also explained the target price that if you do this then you will definitely watch it and in it you will also get many webinars, recording workshops and you will also be a part of the upcoming paid ones to learn.  Thank you very much for