Hello friends, there are three types of people roaming in the real estate market. It is okay to tell which are the methods. I will tell you the example of Gurgaon real estate. There are three types of people, one is those who want to get into real estate today and want to get into it today.  Okay, these are the ones who have been bought, it is more natural like you buy a lion, your mother says that brother should run away now so that I can have peace because I cannot buy women, so now these people who are like me  I want to add these to the window Now I am dividing the Windows offer into two parts, there is one on the window shop, you cannot buy it, you are looking at the rates, you are looking at the rates, there is a Windows offer, you want to see the rate of everything and such a rip leader, that IPL.  Like want to rip the sixes of the square, not all the posts are gone, this also got spoiled and we and the rates of the special project which they have taken, keep increasing in the second phase, in the next phase, in the launch, then another customer, second people. Confused, he is feeling like the rates are increasing, he is feeling as if he is being fooled and this means confused, he has no opinion yet, he is feeling like a brother, he also wants to take, there is also greed and fear.  There are all mixed emotions and they are going with a budget of their own. They are confused. The wife says the story. The kitchen is not good. The story. If you understand the layout, you don't understand the payment plan. The story. Even if you understand everything, it seems expensive. The story. Wherever it feels right, someone comes and tells a story. Those corny stories are told, I will also discuss them a little later in the video and that too is a very interesting and ridiculous marginal method. Okay, so that one is ridiculous. The third people are those who are a little  Beater, you are in the window shop, you can't buy these people, who are these people now, they do n't have money, they don't have loan taking capacity, mostly they are young people, their age is between 22, 23, 24, 25 to 35 years.  And many also live on Groupon, many are looking at real estate because they have a lot of time, other capacity, father is not giving money, like father from Delhi does not send all his kept but they are following, now they do not want the rate.  Quickly, Barh Jain, because look, this is the psychology of the man, now see what is the truth, should it be increased or not, they will definitely discuss because sir, the game is very simple, demand and supply, one day we understood that this number of people.  What is the number of these people in Real Web Naz, from the middle of the data, from the middle of the real data, I am 10 to 15,000 votes late. I, you people, who are connected to me, are the ones who support the party. It is not that I am anything. Speaking, I am not Karpa, I always do 10 to 15000 votes, I have these trades very well and I do not share these trades in public for free. This train is very proprietary information. Okay.  So this gives confidence in knowing what is going on because these people are very important and important people in the market. If ever I vote, you guys also participate in the comment area and I will vote in the community page that real status should be on fire. People agree, yes or no, it's a simple thing, then I will give the result later when the result comes, now you must have posted this video on the community page, then the post will also be visible to you in the community.  By going to the page, you can participate on it, you can also see how many people have voted and what do you think from the example of Gurgaon and real estate. Tell me, Gurgaon real estate is on fire, from where am I speaking, because how things are being carried out.  There is only one thing, whether you remain in displays or not, now it is just a bubble. How bubbles are formed, I will tell you with a very good example.  Again this is Proprietary Information. One day Guru Tattva will wake up and I will be able to tell you for free, I will make that video and release it in a very good way. Actually, for the first time, I will have to take help from him. Okay, if I tell it verbally, then maybe you will not understand.  Let me explain the thing in some part off and maybe record it and release it because it will have to take the help of open technology, it will have to be drafted and explained under some examples, so if you want a date video, then that one.  The video will also be sent to you, so now let's see what is happening in this confusion creation. There is a lobby which has bought, okay now it wants higher rates and can buy, it is confused and it cannot do anything. Now I can only see that it is bitterness, they call the opposite sex wrong, they call the institution of marriage bad, all the girls will put the area a498, that must be that category, it is okay, it is not like spirituality.  Following the lesson of ' Walking in the jungle, going to the mountain', he became a point one percent yogi. I don't know the story in the mountain. I do n't know where he went on WhatsApp. He grew his hair and grew his beard. This is not that category. He definitely has to do a job and stay in the middle.  And if you have to live with mom and dad and have to cry, then I am calling him an equivalent example of real estate people. Here, these are such people who cannot buy. If the rates are seen rising, then the grapes are sour.  Now it would seem as if he would like to say that all Ma Jains, Vultures and D'Crosses do nothing, desires do nothing for anyone, that is what has to happen, but here, like Lucifer, where are the forces going, where is the trade going?  It can definitely be analyzed, so those people who are confused in the middle, their confusion comes from a lot of people on social media who do every project of yours is fine and in that I have to ask them that whatever  Come let's tell are you dear but de selection game and rejection game it is something like Kamal ke khan karke ke kam karke karke hai not RK he comes and calls every picture bad, Hari picture ko pathan aa rahi hai, it is useless, it is useless  Everything is useless, Bollywood is useless, some of the pictures in it are husband's caste, then it becomes correct, if there is any movable caste, then there is nothing else, then come next and tell me, even the stock analyst is less like this, the lion will increase, it will increase, it will decrease.  It will increase, it will decrease, it will increase, say so many things, make 100 predictions, I am also an astrologer, understand this psychology work, make only this much prediction, something will be right, whatever will be made right, bye bye, don't talk about the things that have gone bad, only then make predictions like I will give it in Dwarka, check it again or I will put it in the description area, see what she will say about March 31st, April is not going on yet, so check the first week yourself.  Just check, what should I tell, the story has gone ahead, the story has gone ahead, it has gone so far that now I don't even feel like speaking because you said that something will cost ₹ 100 and if it becomes ₹ 120, then what is there to talk about further?  Now if I want to tell what will happen next, then I will keep telling about the future also in this way, for the first time what is happening to the people is that it is like a marriage is taking place and there is a girl and a fair time in it, at this time say that friend, this girl will have only 6 months.  first i dated a boy  I had seen you going on a motorcycle with me, this is a true thing, a sitting girl, will you not marry on this matter, will anyone, these days, the story, girls do not take lift from anyone, they do not know anyone, they do not have a social circle, what can I do, two girls, three Boys don't go to watch movies. Is it okay? If you had taken it with you in the society, despite many things being true, your thought process is such that you don't want even 1% doubt about anything. This is what people are looking for in property.  I am worried that you will be rejected.  You are playing a selection game. Do you want to get married or just get rejected and enjoy because whatever the project is, the builder will come as per the land available. Many people are very concerned about the builder. The builder is making big money.  If builders will not earn money from builders then we will leave then Amrapali wala of Greater Noida will want hello project will not be built builder you make money and not they don't want builder you make other money only should billosis give us house cheap you  Should be a very happy debt builder, find a good rate, give the profit earned, give a good payment plan, give good specifications, give you a good product and be capable enough to complete the project and sell the goods if his goods are not sold.  And he did not get profit and he reduced the rate very much, now this is real estate, no, your Zomato cannot work as per Paytm, okay, it cannot work as per Bajju because it is real, it is real.  Have to put in the rest of the place, something is happening from here and do investor that investor from here loan right topper Aradhana, it is not the case here, when he has to bring bars and intro cement and all, then he does not need money, since he is not going to give the money.  You can take a loan because he has mortgaged the land, now he has mortgaged the land, it is a big complex, it is a structure, but still you people have to realize that when the real estate does well, it will be good for everyone.  It will do good for you too, middle class, if you think that no, no one will spend my nights in between, no work will happen like this, Everybody Bill Make Money and Everybody Lose Money, Example after Example, Lion's Market, Lion's Market, the chip goes up, first of all, the Government.  I am not in real estate. Government also makes stall of money. You all know, I will make a separate video on that. Okay, so what are the factors, what are the factors which For those who are confused about which category of these three you are in, please join my real estate info WhatsApp group. You will get to ask questions, sir, sir, yours.  Confusion will go away, everything will go away because while moving around you will meet many uncles. I had seen the girl on the motorcycle but the one who told him that the girl was very fine, she was sitting on the motorcycle, she was also sitting in the car, you also spent time and nothing is achieved by sitting.  Is Everything else about him is good, his mother is like this, his father is like this, the whole system is like this, his aspirations are complete information, his complete comparison will be this thing because if you do it with Heer while walking, then you will never ask mom to write anything. Mom said, this is good to me.  He is not going to buy it after looking around like this because when the good one comes, then he will not get it at 11-12 thousand feet, then he will get it at 18000 feet, but mom has nothing to do with it.  Is it right for mom or is it right for dad? My wife has just gone, now I have seen the layout, everything is going well, the kitchen is getting smaller, the kitchen is being made small by the hands, so give double the rate and go in some old one, you will go there again and drink cheap.  And the sewerage treatment plant is built with a capacity of 200 and there are 600 flats and that stock bursts when actually people feel like starting it after three to five to six months of handover.  This is happening in many places, nothing has happened, then it keeps happening, then once cheap employment becomes expensive, if even a donkey, a lame horse, a lame horse runs away, then what kind of animal is that? It is a dead animal because now we have to see that now what is this  Donkey, horse, lame, horse, lame, donkey is running away, I have to dig through the dust, friend, this is my horse, if my horse is not taken, then take the donkey, lame horse and lame treasure are like this.  There are developers who were horses at one time but they became lame horses. There were some developers who were donkeys in the old times. Non donkeys were donkeys. Also note that N Bed thinks because of this he also has a lot of luck but he has become a lame donkey.  So that is also bad, so today we have to invest money on the donkey and horse because the metal and cost of the donkey bill is fine, the horse is a pea of ​​the bill, so first you have to define whether you have to invest money on the horse and then both on the donkey.  There should be fit fit donkeys, it is okay to put them on a horse, under this example, I will tell you very simply, first, if you have seen my video earlier, two-three years ago, I used to be a genre in it, the project that used to come was to speak a first air.  One second, one third, what is sleeper class now, which was one three, one was you and cheated, became at the rate of ac3 ac2, became at the rate of ac2 ac1, I do n't know what happened to this one, so I said that John and  You said, I have banded it because I used to put it in the segment, so the segment may be there, but the rate tick of TikTok means whatever the rates of its projects are, they will be very expensive. Now people are not able to understand that 1 year 1 1/2 Years ago, you used to take this very thing in the budget, now in the budget, you have got these three A's and one thing has been removed from this, friendship whose train has stopped, especially those whose train has stopped, now this is called speed.  Because absolutely, now what happened to most of the people that I am in the market and many people are joining me, they are comparing such 3 and one you, date it n color think which is different inside, I am now like you are comparing XUV500 with Fortuner.  Can't compare, there is a difference in seconds, people would prefer Scorpio to Fortuner but that segment is not good, there are different cars in that segment, each brand has them.  Compare among yourselves, this is your Maruti car and this is your Creta. Compare Honda City and Ciaz. It should be the same. You cannot do the same like you can compare Honda's expensive car which is priced at Rs 25 lakh with Maruti's car priced at Rs 10 lakh. Comparison is a wrong comparison. One can get to know how much knowledge of real estate one has from one question and that question means Sir, if the syllabus gets leaked then real estate education.  Thoughts are the same tomorrow Myself D Number One Real State Clarity Life Many people say otherwise self proclaimed means self proclaimed means there is a scene of 56 inches no one else will come and measure it, you have to speak only there is a scene of 56 inches in this Sydney's  It's not a matter of speaking, you need strength to speak, not every man can speak, not every man can speak, 56 sign's dialogue is very chilly, people find it very chilly, they will have to speak after knowing who will come.  Bhai Saheb will say that your honor of 56 days will not speak on its own. Once you have said it, then those who will offer it will definitely come. You are understanding it right but you will have to say it yourself that I am the number one real estate of your nobody, this is giving 360 degree perspective in.  If the country has the money, who has it, how to get it, then it is important to know about all these things. Along with this, the lion's share of the journal economics, market's economy, etc. What is happening in the country, if the dollar is tax and NRI is a tax, that too is the effect of real estate, so these things are playing out in a big big way. I hope you people will understand all this very well. How did you like the video? Do tell.  If you have not subscribed to Sher Karna channel yet then please subscribe. Thank you.