Hello friends, the three real estate markets are the ones I am bullish on in this 2024. I will cover them. Let's start from number three. Now everyone will say, hey, we know who is your number one. No, whoever you think is my number one is mine. Number three is Gurugram. Gurugram on number three is fine. Guru in Gurugram, Guru in Gurgaon, high tick prices are coming in Gurgaon. These are the only options. Supply is very limited. Apart from that, I have also made a video on supply separately.  I will tell you how much goods have been sold and what game is going on, but here the controlled supply is being taken out. Builders have become very smart, they take RERA in different phases and things come under control in a day or two.  Those things which are said to be sold in one or two days also require an effort of one or two months, so it takes one or two months of effort to get everything done in two days and despite that things are still left, sold, sold, so many people came.  Then  But that material is not more than 15-20 rupees. If the project is to be made for four to five to six years, then the sustainable team will sell it easily. So this market is at the third level. There is not much supply. It is an artificial thing. Call it luck or method wise, now I am not going to put any conspiracy theory in it unnecessarily, but the fact is that the supply has stopped a lot, how has it stopped, why has it stopped, let us discuss it. Look, Deen Dayal's new schemes have been stopped, a big player is not coming here, he always comes here, he has come, he has come, ripped apart, everyone swears by him from morning to evening, sends 150 messages to every person, 150 people.  Every day, okay, that money making machine is kept cool, okay, you know the matter, so its supply is not coming from anywhere, okay, Deendayal has been closed, how many days has passed since the third builder floor?  Clarity is not coming, the third will be made, the fourth will be made, now it has come, now due to its affair, those active players in the market, those who came from Delhi, the builders of Delhi, who used to come, buy plots, build four floors and sell them, that cycle has completely ended.  Went because the cycle of buying a plot, getting the map approved, building a house, giving OC, getting individual registered is a cycle of three and a half years. If someone is very fast, he will build it in one and a half years, otherwise it takes at least two years and this is  Due to the ban imposed by NGT, nothing is built before two years, even four builder floors were not built, because construction does not happen for three-six months, there is no supply in the market in the period of two years.  There is no supply, is there no place for supply, but whatever land deals have been done are fine, they have been done at expensive rates, so now whatever goods are going to come, they are going to come at expensive rates and  Middle class has been out- priced, Rice is emerging as a city of rich people, that brother, this is below, otherwise many people are getting the feeling of sour grapes, it is also a matter of pain, I too am not taking any resolution.  I always wanted, I still want that something from the middle class should come, the matter may be tight or small, but why is it not coming? If you want a separate detailed video on that, then definitely a comment will be made on it. Write on the section that friend, tell us this phenomenon, the prices of resale are like this, the price of money is like this, there is a difference between the two, I am the number one clarity giver, no one can explain it to you. If these questions are coming in your mind then definitely ask that this  The launch is here, the resale is here, what is this, go buy it here, can't find it, tell me what is going on, Guruji, if you explain it properly then you will explain it properly and no one will get confused.  Let's do this, there are some real estate channels here, mine is from Gurgaon and is from Pan India, I am only giving the knowledge of real estate, okay, however, on one of my gram groups, I had done a poll about who is my subscriber, about 50 55. Interested in Gurgaon, interested in other cities and if you have not joined that Telegram group, then please join in the comment section beyond that. Polls, Polls and all  Things happen, I told the second city Gurgaon, the second city on which I am bullish is Bangalore, it has the highest rental demand, no one wants too many amenities, but they want a basic house, now people with amenities have also started coming, okay, there is a very high demand for rental.  So I have heard that earlier it was for six months, now I heard that they take advance rent for 8, 9, 10 months, let's find out your 10th and 12th marks, find out why.  Landlord, I don't know whether he will score more marks in 10th or not. Lincoln's profile is checked regularly and instead of giving the profile, it seems as if getting a job is easy in Bangalore and buying a house is difficult. This is the calculation being done.  Those who are people of Bangalore or have experience of Bangalore, what I am saying is right or wrong, please write that after Corona, they worked from home and some people came first and this one.  It means returning with a bank, so there are some products which I keep covering, you people are connected with me, you people are watching me yourself who are connected till now, I am coming for the first time in a public platform and am telling this with the name left.  Because the public will keep talking about somewhere, we can connect with people anywhere and people have understood the inclination of the people. It was the first more advantage. Now it is 2024. In the last two-three months, many people have bought very good value for money things.  Have bought and that will have to come out of your comfort zone. If you are from Fatehabad or from somewhere else, you do not have the budget, you are from Gurgaon, you cannot buy now, so you will buy something somewhere, if your children will work, then Bangalore is my number.  Two are okay, it's okay in the top three destinations, okay, I could have done 10 as well, I could have given that city only seven or 10 are useful, so I chose to do only three, the top city where I am now.  Am bullish Am bullish on 2024 which I feel is very value for money One I am bullish I am not saying that in the next three years you will get returns in this order May be Gurga will give you the highest returns Ok or may be I am covering three cities, it is possible to give fourth, fifth or sixth city, of course it is fine but the return means the price is not increasing but I am telling you that as per the risk reward ratio.  These are the low hanging fruits that I am telling you, these three things that I am telling you are safe here, genuine and speculating of risk, you take the reward which you are like to get, what is its equation, what is its ratio, it is very favorable here yes in  Some micro market of some other city you may get more returns because returns are very with in that city also returns of micro market of Dwarka Expressway will be very from  Golf Course Extension Will Very From Sona Road And New Gurgaon And Sona And Anywhere Else Okay So Top City Which Is Top City Is Top City Of India And Declared By Government Of India And Recently People Who Are Connected To Me Have Been  Covering that city very very what say in detail lot of prod top builders again listed place and I find it very value for money name of that city is yes Pune is ok  It is a historical city, a cultural city, used to be the capital of Peshwas, it is the second city of Maharashtra after Mumbai, it has the number two units sold, after MMR in its quantity it is okay, so a lot of units are being sold, there is a lot of demand, absolute price at Cosmoprof 11 to 12  I am predicting there will be a CAGR of 3 to 4 years but since you get into a good under construction project and your money goes over  A Period of Four Years in a Payment Plan Which is Even Lets Se Construction Link and Sum 20 30 40 This type of plan so when you calculate these returns of 10 11 12 par also you will realize that your actual returns are 16 to 17 par these  Are Low Hanging Safe Routes Risk Reward Ratio Ticket Size in Favor  Less then and CR in many of them that choice is not coming in late from daily NCR in Gurgaon there is nothing now other than that may be if you get any affordable housing in the draw plot you know chhach eight eight 1010 times and subscription be  And subscription is happening even in people having Rs.6-7-7 crores, so here the story is different, there you will get choice, there you will get some choice. This does not happen in Pune. The project came in two days and was sold out in three days. Like this, there is no fire there, neither the sellers are on fire, nor the buyers are on fire, nor the builders are on fire. Everything goes on peacefully, it comes with ease.  The product is explained, seen, choices are made and it is sold slowly because you all know that any product cannot be made before 4-5 years, high rate minimum, so much time will be required, 4, 5, 6, 6 on the lower side.  and six on the may  B. If the higher side of a good player is fine, then the things keep selling comfortably in that amount, the rate keeps increasing every quarter, and how is the rate increasing comfortably every quarter, 3, 2, 3, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, it is okay to do it like this, depending.  On which quarter is it, if it is reduced in the same, then it becomes two and a half, if it is big, then four is big, this is the case there, and it is big, for a retail investor who is buying a property for the first time, this is a very good thing for him, I can say this.  would like  The one who is a youngster is taking a loan. Buy one construction is good for BH, it is a bit expensive, it crosses crores, it touches crores, at some places it is available even for 99 lakhs. It is okay, depending on Pune, basically one of yours.  West Pune, East Pune, it is okay, one is your Hinjewadi IT area, that one is in Kharadi and that one is in the other area, everyone has their own story, it is okay in Pimpri Chinchwade, Hadapsar area.  Pune is getting this IT and your manufacturing's both stories are playing out. There is manufacturing of vehicles here and also the system of IT is going on. Okay, so if there is a requirement of mix and match, then there are a lot of youngsters in this ticket size.  There are many and Pune is the Oxford of the East. It is also the education capital. There are many education institutions from your MBA.  There are a lot of government people with doctorate, engineering people, all kinds of them and the climate is very good, unlike Bangalore's climate is also good, in Bangalore there are conflicts in big cities, everything is fine, in NCR it is 1500, there is traffic in Bangalore, but the weather.  It is very good that they will be from big cities, they will be a constant work in progress since there are more people there, hence there is a problem, otherwise buy somewhere in Rajasthan, where there is no one, then the rates do not increase there.  If people don't come then it has no meaning, then Pune has been declared the number one city of India. The government, which is its urban ministry, tests those parameters on 100 parameters in the second week of August. The complete report is on the top 100 cities which run beyond them. They have done that in that too, Pune is number one, so I am bullish on this three, which are your favorite cities, I will cover all the cities, whoever comes in the top 20, which one is yours?  Put it all over India, pan India knowledge and work is also ok, Kolkata is not the eastern one, now I work, I go till Guwahati, it is ok and if you have to go to the East from Guwahati, then go there too, Shillong will also go, you will go everywhere, you will go everywhere.  Everything about the place has to be mentioned, but what is it for the investor? What is the value for money thing for the investor? So Chennai will also be covered, Hyderabad will also be there, you will go to Jaipur, Bhopal, Ranchi. Want Ranchi, tell the name of your city, tell the name of the city, it happens to be my favorite, these are my favorite picks, I think it is value for money, it is for the story, but due to many reasons, many people want to take it in their same city, in Lucknow Chaper  Right now I am not able to cover both the cities, I like food, travelling, taking photos, but after doing that, some kind of project should come. You can't go and buy Hong Kong market, stock market and you know New York market, everyone should buy stocks.  L's take  Whether you or Microsoft have to take that share, it should be something, ultimately you will end up buying some piece of property which has to belong to a builder, so the renowned builders have not gone there yet but the inputs are coming in Indore Mumbai also.  Things I will cover: Mumbai is in great demand. Mumbai I haven't been covering for quite some time but in the new year, all these cities which have come out of my mouth. These names will definitely be covered. There is great demand.  Tri City is also coming Tri City Pay I am not bullish It is a home for many retired people Himachal people take Punjab Government Retired people of Haryana Government live there No one's children will come Jobs No dead space is being generated  I have come here after seeing it, I have no taste, no desire, but there is a lot of demand. When I did my survey on Telegram and I got thousands of votes there, it was  The demand definitely came, now there is a demand, so I will cover it. It's like I am saying that I do n't like this Balushahi, I am fine, I am saying eat Anjeer ki Barfi but come to me, Balushahi, many people come to the shop.  You have a sweet shop, you are asked which one is good, you tell me that mine is good, but you still have to buy it, you want to know, I will do it, okay, but then don't make me do it, if it's the same.  It is okay to invest and those who are in jobs to live themselves because what is the region, many of them are related, those women want to take them to their maternal house, that poor person is doing a government job somewhere, he is not there, no, Chandigarh and where is Chandigarh?  Can take I don't think any of you can buy a house in Chandigarh No Chandigarh What to talk about Zirakpur is not Chandigarh Mohali is not Chandigarh Kharar is not Chandigarh Panchkula is not Chandigarh Central  Eight sectors on the road and where can we buy that one, what an expensive program it is and only three floors and two and a half floors will be built, there will be no separate floor registry, they will have their own Tantalus and the whole program and everything, all that is good but brother where is it there?  If you are buying in Zirakpur, you will say to yourself, 'If you let it remain Chandigarh, then whom are you fooling? Do n't let it remain Chandigarh, Zirakpur is not Chandigarh like Najafgarh is.  Not Delhi, that is to say, Narela, Najafgarh, everything is Delhi, Mangolpuri Pat, everything is Delhi, it is Delhi where we live, BB is rational, it means, where do we live in real estate, because one should be there, pick up and go there, money will not be there.  It would not taste good, that is why I was not covering the rest of the places where there is demand in the market. The rest of the data I have is from Comcert and I am doing this only in Gurgaon market.  There are so many people connected there, everyone is connected there, this was one thing, but still if you want and you want to write, then I will do Jaipur again the same thing, that government itself was not right, now double engine government is coming, no.  So, it used to be like this, but it is a lease work in Jaipur too, I would like to know the details, I will tell you that many people are stuck in the land of plots outside Ajmer Road, I don't know, since last 15 years, nothing, rate weight increased, ok.  There is a lot of organic growth in Jaipur. If you want to cover real estate also, I will do it. There are one or two players, there are listed players, they are fine, Jagatpura area is fine, Mansarovar area is fine, Vaishali area is fine, things there.  There is something, it's okay, people from outside want to do it, it's okay, something is coming up in Jhotwa too, it is being built there too, but it is organic growth, no one from outside is coming, what about Jaipur? It is of the people of Rajasthan only, so it is an organic growth, there is nothing of our own because I will tell you in detail about the tourist places too, they come from outside, eat, drink and go, do not settle down, this is also an affair, it is not that IT is coming there. Manufacturing is coming, there is nothing like this, there is no story, see all of you, you have to understand one thing in real estate investment, first of all, before the good and the bad, ask this brother, what is the whole story?  Will the stories be true, will they not be true, how true will they be, what is the probability, that is a later matter, but there must be a story, even if it is false, there must be a story. Don't go to two places and cities where there is no story, there is no one to tell the story.  Story Hai Geet To Bayah Ke Saare Saache Nahi Hote Hamare Haryana There is a saying in Haryana that all the songs sung during wedding do not turn out to be true Aisa hoga waisa hoga Aisa na ho jaaye waisa but some songs  Have to be still with you No one is singing songs, no one is listening to stories, no one is swearing, no one is making promises, then do you have anything, then it is possible that 100 promises may be made, 90 may be spoiled.  10 It's okay somewhere like Gurgaon is. Gurgaon is a very good story. It is playing out in different ways at different levels. You can cross check. There is a coherent story. What is happening is always when ever you invest in any city The first thing when you have to understand that And here I come as the number one clarity giver The first thing I tell in all my What ever things I do Is what is the story  Let me tell you the story first because whenever you invest in any stock, invest anywhere, pick any stock in your life, stock means equity share market, take something from that company.  There should be some story, there should be a story of the promoter, what do you have to do brother, what do you have to do next, we will do this, we will do that, there should be something, how probable is it, will it be deciding the risk reward ratio, man, how many stories has he told before? How much has happened now, what are its chances? So that mind seems to be not so easily, okay but where there is nothing, there is no matter, there is no need to go there, this is the message this New Year, wish you all a very happy new year.  If you want to take membership of the channel, you can take membership and get access to recorded webinars and workshops which have been done on very specific topics and in the coming time also these topics will be explained and explained. Thank you very much.