Hello friends, some positive things on real estate. First of all, you all know that the news has come, so I will tell you about that one. Apart from that, I am seeing two to three to four more things that real estate is going to take off.  Now tell me how many of those things do you agree with, then first of all I will start the benefit of indexation, although I had made many videos on those videos, I feel like clapping if you have seen those videos of mine, then you will agree with me.  You can clap and write well about me, it feels very good, no no, I am not a narcissist, but this is how I enjoy, okay in writing, if you enjoy writing like this, then write MG, okay MG, you guys write.  You can say that I had said in many videos on indexation that friend, give both or choose, the government has done this and this is the clapping of the government and this will boost the sentiment of real estate. So this was my number one but this.  Most of the people knew that there will be a boost because look, practically there was not much loss due to it, but now the sentiment also got better because many people were doing calculations, many have profit at Rs 125, many have profit at Rs 20.  The calculation was going on differently, now the government has said that whoever has the benefit, take it, it is a very good thing, it is a very good thing, after that now the property that will be taken will be based on Rs 125. So fair enough good enough ok now let's talk about the second thing and what else is happening brothers and sisters what else is happening on 15th August I have full hope that some such announcement will be made which will make the real estate go up, it may be just a figment of my imagination.  Maybe, but I feel that something like this will happen, this is the second point, then the third thing will happen from this, anti- immigration sentiment is going on in Europe, people from outside are being targeted, directly, indirectly, NRIs.  The sentiment will shift towards buying property in India. This is a very important point. I am not saying that they are going to come from there. I am also not saying that so much is happening that they will have to come, but that  You see, this riot is going on and on in the UK, look at the rest of the places, see my NRI brothers in every country, what are you feeling? Please write in the comment section because of crowd sourcing.  This is information, it will just help us because I am in touch with many people, there are a lot of consultations with many people and those sentiments are coming, so the interest of NRIs is coming in real estate which is a little less before the elections and  It was gone, now it is starting again. It's the beginning of a trend. Again I see it increasing towards Diwali. Okay, third thing. Rumblings of recession in the US.  They have started talking about whether or not there will be a recession in the US, the percentage of recession coming is at 60, the chance is at 70, but I am seeing 100% chance of one thing and you tell me whether you feel or not that the US Fed will  There is US Fed which controls the interest rate etc. like our RBI, it will cut the interest rate by 100 basis points. 100 basis points means BPS.  1 But if that cut comes late, in September or October, then within 15 to 20 days of its cut, brothers and sisters, write it down somewhere. If it is cut, RBI will also cut it in 15 to 20 days. We are just cut and copy paste, yes.  Yes and that has to be done because the global economy and all that, they will not focus on economics, they will talk about real estate, as soon as it is cut, sentiment will run again. Practically, I have one thing.  Let me tell you practically publicly, I normally avoid telling this about my paid workshops. Practically, it doesn't matter the interest rate. I feel like we have to look at the period of 15 years, it will increase, decrease, increase, decrease, all that happens and people don't pay in a year. But the whole game is of sentiment, they feel that something good has happened, otherwise no such magic is happening but still it makes a difference and it is played on sentiment only.  If this is the case then the interest rate is also certain to reduce. In any case, the Indian government will also get a boost towards real estate. I also have some cent state governments and this idea in the coming time, through this video, before the implementation of the code of conduct.  I want the government of Haryana and the government of Maharashtra and BJP is the government at both the places and from this video I have an idea and also a request to reduce the rate of registration now.  You are not going, elections are happening now, you will win or lose, time will tell, how much should be reduced, I will tell you, cut 3 for women, 4 for women, 4 for men and 5 for men, circle rate has to increase, increase it.  Cut it later but now, and this is within the budget. Nirmala ji has also encouraged all the states to reduce it. When you see that the prices of real estate have increased so much, then that rate can be cut because  still one he  Very recently, if the thing of indexation has been done and they were talking about black black, all that will end, it will not happen, because if indexation comes then that will happen, then people will take it from there with more transparency, if it is a thing worth one crore, then they will give one crore rupees. Will give it to you at 4 instead of hacky- packy, break its incentive at 7%, instead of doing direct work, get it at 3, friend, get the rate of registry for women at 3. Next  All the deals will be done well and that whole economy will come into the real economy instead of the parallel economy. That money will give an increasing spill over effect and I feel that this will be done and if it was not being done till now then it will be done in this video of mine.  Through this I am giving the idea and I will give more emphasis to this idea and put it in the comment section and share it, somewhere it will reach the ears of the person who can do it or will reach that group. and this  After watching the video, he will talk in his meeting, then do the right thing, whatever benefits the party, benefits the people, benefits the state, benefits the country's economy, if it benefits the country, then that work should be done, isn't it worth asking about it? What is the benefit, only the benefit, yes, there is the benefit, how much will the common man be happy, where were they paying so many rates for the registry and now where will you reduce it so much, it makes a lot of difference, now I will save ₹ lakh on the registry of two crores, which I have.  those on three four 5 Formula has been arrived at, man will feel very good, if someone saves ₹ lakh, he would try to do this thing, I would like it to happen and this thing will move the trend of real estate forward and from what I see real estate growing in the future?  I am here, the wedding season is coming, October November December, I have started a campaign and have been doing it for a long time, but I promise you all, this is me alone, one she, which one has come, someone has come, a web series has come, only one person has come.  is enough Manoj Bajpayee's One Man Is Enough, One Man Is Enough, I will spread the advice of not spending too much on weddings and that is the model, so much so that people will buy houses on weddings, many people will not spend on weddings.  This is the new generation, they ca n't afford it from their own salary. No, will they get a flat worth Rs 80 lakh even on marriage? Yes, it is possible to get a flat worth Rs 80 lakh for Rs 20 lakh. Yes, it is worth Rs 80 for Rs 20 lakh.  I will tell you the calculation when a person's down payment is made, support is taken, loan is taken, rent is availed, income tax benefit is taken, the ocean is filled with every drop, pick up a lehenga worth Rs 3 lakh or pick up marigold flowers.  Plant lily flowers in place of that, no marriage is going to work great, I am only a marital consultant, I also settle marriages, if it is okay to fight, then those marriages work very well where the house is in the beginning.  There should be no conflict, the house should be found and the girl should have it, the boy should also have it, and the parents of both should give as much as they wish with devotion. I am not asking here to invent any new tradition by saving unnecessary expenses of the marriage itself and to add new expenses.  I am not saying this to the parents, I am saying that the parents should decide that yes, we can invest this much in the wedding, now here through my videos, I will spread this thing so much that there will be a demand in real estate. Any  There is no need to increase the rates of real estate, there is no need to speculate, but now very good small units will come, whatever property is worth Rs. 60, 70, 80, 90 lakhs in big cities, it is in LAX, in big cities, the advice is to buy it wherever you can.  You are getting it in the city, it is not necessary that you live in that city, otherwise what is the use? Hey brother, it is hedging, you have taken the house, you have taken Mavan Construction, the top builder has taken it for 100.25 years.  There is life and big money, Kanyadaan's gift is visible and all this has been put in it and once this thing is told in the society that it is dusty, I have also suggested this to the government many times and now in future I will do many more videos.  I have different channels through this medium, you can also subscribe Guruji from Gurugram, if you have not done so then I have launched a campaign where I will tell the government that the couples who 90 days after marriage, 90 marriages have taken place today. If Vidan takes the property in 90 days, then waive his stamp duty, registry, or waive off GST, or give someone a subsidy for it. Give three things in the 90 days of marriage, if you have that.  We can see that booking is done, date is done, BBA is done, so if you take the figure of 90 days or even 180 days, then 90 to 180 days are included in it.  We will give rebate in GST, we will give rebate in stamp duty and we will also give subsidy inside the home loan. If you get Rs 85 from outside then we will give you Rs 72. These three-four things will help you. Couples will take it and the economy will do very well, just a little bit has to be encouraged, a little here, a little here, a little here, the government has given a little, the boy's father has given a little, the girl's father has given a little, the girl has given her  Got the FD broken, some boy adopted it, some got it from some relatives, some relatives gave it to me, some how many relatives come, tell me brother is buying a house, they make it a tradition in the country that if a house is being bought, then  It will be done at the home side and in the family where the marriage will take place, if you come through the house, then everyone will see the house being built and how good it will be that we have given you a rate of ₹ 1000000 square feet in this house, suppose it is from somewhere or 6000.  8000 square feet is 12000 so sir, I gave you one square feet, aunt gave three square feet for nephew, uncle gave 5 square feet, what are those square feet, how much is the house, it is 1000 square feet according to the carpet, if we stay  The rate depends on the carpet or two BHK. I am not asking you to make it very lavish, I am trying to keep it at a reasonable rate, but what a great idea.  Write how many square feet it is. Yes, it is 700 square feet. Okay, how many square feet are you? It happens in weddings, many times it is said that so and so gave so much, this one gave so much, this one gave this much. There is a record too, so that brother, you.  How many square feet did you give? 7 square feet, 5 square feet. What a great idea. I will make a separate video for this too. I will do such ideas by doing them by doing them by making people practice them. People will take them. Don't take unnecessary things like a car.  Even if the car is bought, a second hand car will also work. Take father's old car or someone else's. It will work. Once you take it to the house, the fecal matter will become a strong joint and there will be no tension. The house may be ready to go.  If you move in, even if it is under construction, it will take three to four years to buy even in under construction. If the money is spent and it is big, initially the payment has come at Rs. 30, 40, 50, then it is at Rs. 20.  I will still save both in 4 years, after that, I will take a little loan, I will get some income tax rebate, I will save some rent, the house is done, what else, if you set a target only then it will be fulfilled, otherwise, I will keep thinking at any time. Earlier also I made a video that this people will never be able to buy flats and houses on their own, I was going to write that further but I left it in that part so that the clicks remain British, they will not be able to buy all this on their own, they will need help.  If you don't help them and the society, otherwise this generation will not be able to buy, then they will keep paying rent, the rent will keep increasing, then you will get trapped in the trap of doing another job to earn more money, rent will keep increasing in Bangalore, Pune, Gurgaon.  How much have the rents increased? They have increased a lot in the last two-three years. The backs are with a bank. The supply is decreasing so much. The rents are increasing and people are being asked to pay the money for their security deposits.  If there is no money, then the rent will increase further, this will definitely happen, so I hope these were three-four points, which ones did you like, which ones did you think would be positive and you will see the change, this is the promise from this.  I will come and comment on how much cap layout will be, yes brother, it has increased so much, it has increased not so much, it has increased so much, it has increased like this, I will also tell you, but these were all the factors, I hope you will understand the factors, what do you say? Write in the comment section, subscribe to the channel. If you want to take membership of the channel, then you can take paid membership by pressing the join button. There are many reviews, there are many webinars, there are workshops, there are videos, there are very informative things, you must go and try them once.  You also get free access to my upcoming paid webinars. If you want to learn real estate, please do that. I have a real estate course which has been started. Rump course is real estate mentoring program. If they want to join then it is for two hours on the given number. Details will be shared with you, you can also take it. Thank you very much.