Hello friends, five points in which housewives are making mistakes during property purchase decision. Women, wives who are approaching wrongly. Five points that all husbands have to listen to and share with their wives. You are not making many mistakes because you are going to buy property.  If you are living alone then the decision is not taken, then housewives or working wives too, what about a mix of both? Issues are coming and coming and you are not making this mistake because real estate is on a boom, real estate will not weigh you for your mistakes, so let's start first. First mistake is happening. Are you going to buy a new house? Talking about cities, if you are going to buy a flat, then you are comparing it with your current house. Where you live on rent, you are living in the same way. The prop is being compared with the current house. It is being compared according to the size of the current house.  If so, then you will never be able to buy the old flats. The sizes of the flats which are coming now are bigger, everything is smaller. This is the hard reality. Of course the specifications get better, the efficiency gets better and why are the housewives not able to buy this?  No, the housewife is able to say yes, I am saying it again and again, wives will also do, because the issue for single ladies too is that their belongings should be according to that house, a fact of life. Give you a small cupboard, give a big one, give two, give five, give everything, fill it according to the availability, the goods are spread according to that, this is a fact, then it is possible that you have spread the goods so much.  According to the house, if you don't see that stuff fitting with the new house, you may have a sofa, maybe a bed from your wedding, or some furniture, like if people roam around in the wedding lake, then they are no longer in those houses.  It may fit there but you will have to buy a new one here  This is the advice to avoid this first mistake. The advice is this, do not think of your existence. If it is not cheap then spend two to three lakhs more according to the energy mix of that house. If you understand that according to that house that It should be L shaped, it should be low, it should be a little bigger, what size should be the dining table, what shape should it be, a new furniture, new curtains, new curtains should be taken accordingly, do not try to fit the old one.  It will always be out of place or decision making will not be possible because if you get a house of that size or bigger than that, then what is the mistake, then it is money, the problem is that the desire is of the current one because every person wants it. Even if I am living on rent, I should go to a bigger room than the one I am living in or a bigger one but that is becoming difficult. Secondly, ladies are very unhappy with the kitchen when they see the size because  It is agistified but a utility kitchen has come on it, you can keep a dish washer, plus the system that has come now which was not there earlier, if you go to your kitchen, your shelf used to be only up to 7 feet and the top 3 feet was empty, the matter is yours.  Look in the kitchen, most of the people have the same work in their kitchens and modular kitchens are less and there is also issue of cylinder. In big cities, now pipe gas lines are coming everywhere, so a lot of space is going to be freed up for cylinders too. This will also become a problem.  Fact is plus which above  Nowadays, there is such a system at that height that if you press something, the thing comes down. Every day you do not have to climb up with a CD on, that system itself comes down. Nowadays, the modeler in the kitchen rotates that thing.  There is a lot of work to do behind it, so the utilization of space can be more efficient than what is happening in your current kitchen, then the kitchen can exist comfortably on my 2 feet slab. At two and a half feet, there is a little space to work, then that comes to the height of 2 feet, your storage space, that goes up to the height of 7 feet, now you have 3 more feet to come, so think of the amount of storage space you have in the kitchen.  You should know your existence, in this, you and the utility kitchen have their own advantage, utility balcony has its own advantage which is coming these days, the kitchen is getting smaller, but the utility balcony is being given, this is the third mistake women often make in their  of the job  I feel like taking a pass, that is a legitimate requirement of mine, but the problem is that the place where you are working may be an already established place, it may be a very mature established place, there are no new launches in buying or assisting property.  If the price is very expensive then you will not be able to buy it in that case and the problem in this is that initially what the youngsters are doing is what I was telling in the consultation that they should own the place where they want to live.  If you want to do and stay, going near the job, all these things are not sustainable, then brother, if you do not have money, then you can take your own TVH somewhere far away, which is an upcoming location, and rent it in the same city. Pay it off and live here yourself. Look after you hit 48 50 and your kids grow up. That's the time you can't move around the house. Till then, concentrate on building your wealth. If you're in your If you are in your late 20's and 30's then you can apply this formula because otherwise what will happen to you, you will not be able to survive, you will never be able to take a decision, you will also need a pass, but if you are not able to come then you will fall at so many thousand feet.  You will not be able to buy, what you could have bought, you did not buy, the rates have also increased, now nothing is bought because this is what is happening, no, no, no, no, I give this example only to explain to the ladies. Madam, you wanted to buy a set of seven tolas, seven tolas of gold is fine, you liked it but you don't have that much money, so I am saying, if gold is rising then buy five tolas, you at least take something, husband.  If you are in a mood and have money worth five rupees then take it and see later or maybe only five rupees will seem good to you or maybe gold will become so expensive that people will like even sets of three to four tolas and your five rupees will be fine. Be this also this one inside real estate  This can also be a thing, okay, this was one thing, we will move ahead with this, the fourth point will be that you take whatever money is coming to you, there is no need to take too many loans, I tell people that if you stay for 4 years.  If you take a loan under construction then according to me you should not take more than 60 to 70 loan. You should not exceed 60 to 70 of the property. So this is the target you have to achieve, bigger and bigger and bigger.  There is no limit to your belongings and furniture and storage space can be managed very well by making good use of carpenter and using imagination. This is the message and the last point which I think ladies should not do at all and  That word should not be spoken, after doing everything, no, yes, I am okay, then at the end comes a word, you see, nothing, a trauma, a husband, more than a. Listening to these three words, once a big decision is to be made in life, especially investment, especially buying a home, you should see it, I mean, what should he see so that if something goes wrong, then you had told me to see, the rest had shown displeasure before that.  Just think about that husband because I am also a marital counselor, you know there is a lot of work to do, look at the pain of the husband, earn money, get a job, go to a house to make him happy. Take care of your family and wife, you take a look, I am not liking it, it is small, it is a matchbox, madam, you have to work a lot for a matchbox, because of the job you do, most of the people do not say this dialogue.  This dialogue is like this, if a woman asks for a job then she will still come into ownership, now I will say that you are dividing the women also, yes this is also a fact, you see, not normally working ladies.  Because they speak, they still have the spirit of decision making that they also have to take decisions on the job, mostly this dialogue comes from the housewife, see it like this, see it like this, I don't know, you see, if something happens, don't tell me, then this is you.  There is a syndrome of watching, this is one, due to which I feel that housewives should get a sense of ownership of their husbands and take an intelligent decision that yes, this is what they are getting. Be realistic, I would like to say to those women, you did get married, you could have got a better husband than this one, but you settle at this, no, yes friend, it is looking fine, it is fine, it will not decrease, will it not?  So many girls keep waiting, they turn 35 and better and better and better, then after doing this and better and better, you have taken the decision of marriage that whatever you ultimately want, you waited, whatever.  Your qualities were your requirements, your luck was your wish, whatever you got, you did with it, similarly it is your property, no one will make it exactly tailor made for you so that you may like it but the rate should also be as per your choice, it is not possible that you will like it.  It may be that the rate, size and payment plan may not suit you and the one which suits you is keeping you comfortable in every way, you are saying that it is not fun, even if you buy a car, everyone will keep playing with you at home.  of  Will not give security because he tried once or twice, your tantrums were too much, then you also released that it is okay, we will live on rent and then we will do this, we do not want to live in this city, we will go with our parents, then that wife will get distracted.  She goes, hey, mother-in-law and father-in-law, we will have to go to Dehradun, we will have to leave Bangalore, leave Pune, leave Gurgaon, leave Mumbai or after doing this, what programs are coming, or will work from home not be possible again anywhere else?  If it won't happen then he will panic even then he will go away. If you have bought the house then maybe he will stay with you but you are not letting him buy the house then see mother in law and father in law also by the mercy of God 97  You will live for 98 years and then when you turn 65, you will have to serve him for 10-12 years. From your husband's retirement at 58 59 60 when you  R 55 and the mother-in-law till 77 only okay and she will live till 97 98 Do you understand why because she did not let her husband buy a house You will say that the one who looks at me is a big scoundrel Okay but if I had understood all the things  If I am, then I am giving entry to the women, look at them, understand that if you get home then you will have an excuse, how should I go, it is my house, it is not even my mother-in-law's house, she comes, yes, if anything happens, she You are happy in your home. If you are happy in your home, then keep it somewhere else because if you throw tantrums, then you will not get anything. Whatever is available to you, take whatever is available as per your budget, take it wherever you are, fire the rocket, it is done.  It will not seem ready already, it is not engaged, hold this rocket, do not wait that the booster of the rocket will end, when will it happen again, when no big house is going to come for you, the age of now unleashes till you start working or you earn a lot of money, your husband will love you a lot.  let's win some lottery Or parents can give money, if something great is not happening in people's life at 95, normal life is going on, normal salary increases, government people's salary increases at 3, rest of the people's salary increases a little more.  I'm tired of doing things.