Hello friends, if you want to buy a house or want to settle in Gurgaon real estate, then there is a different system of investment, but if you want to settle down, there are seven things you should know, especially the daily ones. If you do not know, then I will tell you through this video.  I will definitely tell you from the beginning and why I am making this video, I will tell you the secret in the end because no one makes a video like this in vain. Okay, so its secret, I will tell you in the end why I made the video and these seven things.  Address If you are from Delhi, want to leave Delhi and come to Gurgaon, want to come to live, you have to come to Gurgaon because you know I praise Gurgaon a lot and do all this, but today you people should know these seven things.  To the people of Delhi, especially to the women, to the men, to the father, to the mother, the first thing is to pay here in Gurgaon. Maids are very expensive in Gurgaon. Service providers are very expensive. Washermen are very expensive. Everything is like this.  These things are very expensive, they are very cheap in your Delhi, congratulations wherever you live, Shalimar Bagh, Karol Bagh, Punjabi Bagh, there are all these gardens, then there are many puris, then there are many more, there are many things left, right, there are many other things which are even more than this.  It is very expensive and very expensive and can trouble you. One problem that can arise is that the school fees are terrible. If I tell the average of the schools of Gurgaon, then the standard is less than the top schools of Delhi because the schools of Delhi are very old.  I do n't know how long the teachers have been there and the standards are better in the schools of Delhi, the hi-fi of the schools in Gurgaon is similar to the sets of Karan Johar, you will mostly see them, the atmosphere is like that of Student of the Year, the bathroom is big and good.  Clean AC, food and drinks are all good but very expensive, five star hotel type feeling, Rs 17,188,00 fee for one month for a child is a normal thing, that means it is a normal school.  You will not say 'Wow' to the school, ' Wow', whatever they are, now I will not create any controversy here by taking the names of the schools, only a few 'Wow' come, 32, 33, 35,000 and who are the others who are from Gurgaon, write so that the people of Delhi also know.  Come on, in Delhi, you get a cap, there is an uproar, in Delhi, if something is left, if it increases, the school fees here are very high because the children who are coming now, I know the secret of this video.  I have to tell in the end why I am telling, okay many people may think oh why am I telling so I will tell in the end okay then the school fees are very high because now you are coming youngster, you will give birth to children too and they will be here only.  If you have to study for 12 years then this third thing will be very important and will touch the hearts of the people of Delhi. Maintenance is looted in the condominiums of Gurgaon. Here, ₹ is a normal thing but square feet is normal, this is what is being built now.  If you are living in your own flat of 3000 square feet, then paying maintenance of Rs 24,25,000 after 4 years will not be surprising and Rs 8100 is a common thing now and this is if you live in Dwarka.  ₹ 800 and if you live in colonies or live on floors, then there is not even a drop, so there is a lot of difference because when it is the region, not when people from Delhi come.  So the people of Gurgaon do not have earned money, they have cash flow, people of Gurgaon, maintenance is something, very very very very, a red flag for the Delhi person because if he has sold the flat, you have sold the floor, you have got the money, who will pay for the monthly expenses?  It is like it is fine but who will get it maintained, who will pay for the insurance, who will drive it, if the father-in-law has given it, then that is the problem, then this thing is the fourth thing which is a little.  It may be that the classes may make noise but the fact is that it is a little gentrified, it is high-fi, that you will come here in the condos, that style, that jumping, that English speaking, that is something different, that you do n't know why these people have come here and  The joy of having a conversation in Delhi is not like that in the locality today, his mother or Sharma ji or Sharma ji's wife Mishra, the system is not like that, so one can feel a little out of place, especially in the elderly societies, no one.  Will even talk like this? This is the fifth thing, which is a small thing but very practical but it hurts the heart, that is, there is no public transport here in Gurgaon, much like your Delhi is not so well connected metro and metro vehicles.  They move to condos and live in expensive societies. There is parking available for two-two-three-three cars on each flat which is six six-seven-seven meters across the road. Then when people from Delhi buy it, their car is parked there. Karetta or below is the wealth of the vehicles parked here. Accumulated wealth is the generational wealth which you bought by selling. If cash is not followed then this one is a big mismatch. After that let's move ahead. Take peas, take carrots, take these, take kulchas.  Take this, you will not meet on the road like this when you stay in condos in Gurgaon, which you have all the facilities in Delhi, go out like this or pack two, do it like this, you are going there and that is its time.  It is fixed and this time is passed by ladies, that time of 11, 12, 1 o'clock, husbands of the day, everyone is busy, everyone is busy chatting, it seems like this atmosphere is not available in the condos, there is nothing in the condos.  They will make fine dining restaurants, they will make loot, Khasoli Chaat Papdi is nothing, for that you will have to go somewhere physically and wherever you go there will be 700 800  You will not get anything less than Haj 000, which can easily be bought for Rs 50-100 in Delhi, so brother, it is very expensive and the seventh and last region is main another region Cosmoprof culture. Don't know. Yes, people from India have come here and talk about hi-fi.  In these condos, we talk about something else and the wired connections will not be able to connect. Here, the work is different, the groups are different, the thinking is different, I am not talking about good or bad, I am telling this to the people of Delhi.  According to me, the people of Delhi, which is a more enjoyable thing, there is some advantage among the people of Delhi, right? You will not get to eat those chaat, papdi, samosas, momos, momos so ready, they will live in condos in hi-fi society. Who will bring your ready there, I do n't know.  Where will you have to go to get momos? In Delhi, go here, momos, go there, momos here, momos there, some burgers, all these things are available like this, you will not get them here.  If you live in condos, you will not get the taste, that is why parents will run away again, you should have known this thing. Now the most important thing comes that I made a video, why I made this video very easily, 2024 is coming, Gurgaon real estate is on fire. Half of the people of Delhi have set it, so I am sprinkling a little water on such a hot pan, I am not pouring the cold glass completely, I am sprinkling it so that it cools down or 18 200 Hz.  By doing this through this video, there is a new offer which will come within January, I have reduced its rates by Rs 1000 to 1500, you become a big boss, you will see 5 thousand people paying this rate, yes, only these are the ones who will take it.  And are they only from Delhi? They had to take it. How much is included in the product? When 900000 flats are launched, how many takers are there? The message reached them, it got a little cold, so a little, a little cold.  It is also important to come on time so that there is no fire like this. It cooled down a bit. Delhiites enjoyed it. Delhi is good. Metro will be available. Chaat Papdi will be available. Fees should be less. Mates and every buddy is less gentry as per his wish. Punjabi people can talk in Punjabi, Hindi people can talk in Punjabi, this people can do that without feeling, some hi-fi vehicles, no hassle of video, go out in your metro shuttle and at your comfort, no maintenance.  Do n't give anything brother, what is the money to give in your house, keep giving here 10 12 14 15 20 22 25, please tell me the identification, that is also very important, so we play chess from wherever the player wins, it is okay and play from any side.  Take it till you get checkmate, you will win from here also, you will win from here too, this is called higher order thinking, many people will think in this that you are the devil.  He is a manipulator and an influencer, whoever thinks whatever he wants to think, it is okay, there is no restriction on anyone's thinking, everyone has their own opinion, but these were seven practical points which were necessary to be told, children sometimes become educated, let's go to Gurgaon, heard earlier.  The slogan was, let's go to Delhi, now let's go to Gurgaon, these are the points and these are valid points. Cost of living in Gurgaon is very high.  Compared to Delhi and Delhi people, mostly those who do not have cash flows, especially those who are elderly, will find that spending money on ten things will pinch them, so they should be known, so its aim is also to give clarity to all of you on that topic.  If people get clarity then please let us know and share in the comment section. If you can join real estate webinars then we will give you opportunities through webinars.  Goes Pan India, it is said not only Delhi, Gurgaon, Pan India means top seven 10 cities of India, then if you have not joined that group yet, anyone is not on my ready group, tell me which point pinches you more, thank you.  Very Much