Hello friends, I have come up with 10 factors which are important in your property purchase decision. I am going to give a very good template which is applicable throughout the country. For the sake of simplicity, we will give equal weightage to everyone, however, when I do my reviews, I give a complicated version of it.  It has been prepared which I will not tell in this video because the weightage of each factor should be different.  I will give hints, there are 10 factors, you can give 10 numbers to each, so 10 * 10 or 100, then the total marks you can give out of that, the property reviews I will do for my subscribers will be for platinum members because it becomes price sensitive.  If the case is out of 100, then what is the topic? Those 10 things which are important to you, if you want to buy a property today, then first of all.  Coming for you is the brand. What is the brand of the thing you are taking? So brother, if you have to give marks out of 10, then for example, even if he is a listed player, his marks will be higher. Depending on how much of it he is, give marks from 9 to 10.  If you are not a listed player then it is less than that but if you are not then you can choose according to yourself, I have my own formula of seven or eight, my weightage is also different but I am not disclosing that, it will become complicated.  It will be very mathematical, the audience will not understand, okay, but I am bringing a simplistic for you people, once you understand it, decision making will become easier for you, when you pick up this car and roam around different products, so today I and the template  I am going to give my wife and you both together can give your numbers, in that way I am helping in that, brand is the first thing today which is very important that that Who is the player? Who is the builder? What is his brand? That is the first thing. Second thing is the location that we all know in real estate that his location is important in the city. Which city did he choose? Which is the location within the city? Is it the established location or  That location will become very established tomorrow, it will become bigger than established or it is a second- third level location but if it is useful for you, then you have to give that location, the third thing is important.  People don't give any value to it at all, but I value it on the third number. Everything is going on. It is not that the value of the third one is less than anyone else. I am going as per the order. Okay, so the site layout is the site layout of the project.  What is the shape, is it rectangular, square, quadrilateral or like burnt bread, is it Ada Tada Ada Tada type or some program of it, I don't know how is the site layout, is it important? What is touching, what is touching with the immediate project, that is important, okay, site layout is important, after that the fourth thing comes is the density, what is the density of the project, this is very important, how many flats are there in acre, how many units are there in acre, other wise you will never  Be Able to Compare: In the template that I am giving you, you can take 10 projects and write their answers and compare them like vehicles.  Let's not compare how much power is there, how much torque is there, what is KPL, what is the setting capacity, what are the safety features, vehicles are compared, mobiles are also compared in the same way, brother, how much RAM is there in it, how much is the memory. How much is the megapixel, what is the size, what is the screen size, I am bringing such 10 parameters for real estate, first of all I told you, brand, second is location, third is site layout, fourth is density, fifth is which. What is the layout of the unit you are buying? It is very important whether it has sunlight, is in the corner, is in the middle, is open from three sides or is open from only one side, from two sides like a builder floor.  If it is open from left or right, it is not open from the back. It is open from the front. So all that is important is how it is, on which side is the bathroom. There is something called efficiency of layout. I have made videos on this also. For platinum members, you can also take platinum membership if you want to understand things at a deeper level. Well, there is an efficiency of layout in the unit layout that every square foot is that space is being used or no furniture is being placed.  Is it or is it linking up the rest of the things? It did not stand in the design just like that, brother, I mean the gallery gallery is printed fine and there is loose space in it, that is not much, I have seen builders since 40's.  80 square feet is wasted just because they cut the design it is better some in cases upto 100 square feet is lost due to compulsion so that is very important because every square feet is being paid for ok unit layout after that in the project  What are the amenities? It is very important what kind of stuff you are getting, how is the club house, how are all the amenities and then type of construction.  Which one is my one construction, which is non my one construction, what kind is it, old, good, is it with AC blocks or ACC blocks, okay, what kind is it, that is very important, okay, then comes the next eighth point, payment.  What is the plan, what is the ease of buying what you are getting, whether you are comfortable with its payment plan, sometimes what happens with the payment plan, it is like this, I have understood everything but that is like money. You are being asked for, you cannot give some times, you are being asked for money, you can, it is so easy for you, the plan is such that you say, I will take it because I can actually buy some times, it comes down to payment  Plan only datchi release today the marketing going on it is really focused on payment plan because it is about ease of buying see whoever has full money in the bank is the one  On other things, he will throw complete tantrums that this is not right, that is not right, but what happens in the payment plan is that sometimes you cannot buy that thing and can buy this and it is better to buy something than not buying anything in a bullish market.  People get attracted to the payment plan and this payment plan now a days from the builder side has become the big because some times what happens they cannot control the site layout, the land found is looking the same, now the density in that site layout is  They can suck all the FR they get, they will take out all the density, they can't do anything, if they bought the site, then the builder can't do anything about the location. Look from the builder's point of view, it's his brand, brother, it's his brand, he can't do anything with it, okay.  The amenities can also be given as much as he can give in the project, he will not reduce more than that, he will have to give it with his own money, then the only thing which is in the hands of the builder, which he can use the most for marketing.  The payment plan is so datchy so this is something which I wanted to bring out. Okay, ninth point is this is very important. Don't take it in a classist way. It is very important to take it pragmatically. Who will be the gentry in that project? Is it the investor who is bearing the entire burden? Brother, then different types of people will come as tenants, end users should go more towards end users, many projects are only about air flow, like Great Noida, the entire urban air flow.  All the investors have come there and they are lying beaten up because of the rent and the person who had taken it by doing so, now the class social class economic status he used to belong to, people of different economic status are living there because of this.  The story of the city doesn't work out, it's a fact that you will collide with this point of identification, you will collide with them in the lobby, you have to live with them, they will be inside the RWA and the same people will not pay for the maintenance. People living with social status and mental mindset are important. It is very important. If a youngster enters a society where only uncles and aunties live, then brother, he may still not feel that comfortable. Perhaps the things he wants are not wanted by those people. They don't want the same end and they are sitting in RW, so no one thinks about this point. When I do the review, I definitely think to the end that this one is good for this one, this one is good for them, that one is good for them.  It's okay and nowadays products are made like this, it's okay so what is it because your status is here and it is like to be here and you buy a property at this status and may be slightly lower so when your status becomes this then you can't  Stay in this society, this is the truth of life, then sell again and you will end up paying GST registration cost, brokerage cost for selling, come home today, it will not happen that oh mistake  It's done, I took it, I didn't like it, sold it and bought it again, it's not like that, its fixed cost is very high, it's like buying a jewellery, now the gold is worth Rs 50,000, it may be worth Rs 60,000, but you have already paid the making charges, pay GST.  Gave it all, you got that 62,63,000 rupees, then you said oh, this is rubbish, brother, change it, now let's change it.  If you go then it will be exchanged according to gold worth Rs 50000 and even if Rs 55000 becomes gold then you are at a loss because you had got Rs 63, so people have to pay a lot of attention to this thing, this is the gentry of project and last but not the least one thing.  We Learned in Gujarat Price Bhava Bhagwan Ch heard everything, saw everything but finally price will decide and it is the maximum weightage you have to buy.  Something that is value for money you have to buy something which is a good project at a good price Steel price will not be available in the bullish market The thing with steel price will cost 100% It is not necessary that the thing which is available is expensive.  Is it good or is it value for money? It is not true but whatever you think is cheap, there are certain things which you are missing out. I am giving the template, there is something missing, it should strike you, how can it happen like this, how can it happen, you should strike again and again, it is not striking you, you are getting a plot of Rs 22000, so how is this?  It means that here the rate is not so much, brother, it is not RERA, it is RERA applied, it is RERA registered, meaning there is no certificate, if the application is registered in RERA, then it is written as RERA registered.  They do not write certificates, they have a scandal and the title is not clear, your money can be lost, so whenever you invest, remember this saying: When something is too good to be true, it is not true. I repeat again for the benefit of all if something sounds too good.  To Be True It Ai n't True Always Walk With the Bottom Line I hope this cute template helps you I will review using this template, you can also make your own private, in it I will tell you in how many marks is Line Buy, in what range is Good Buy, in what range is Can Buy, can you buy and if the number is below how much. So don't buy, I will make it very simple, I am not scientific like this, how is it, how is it good, brother, did you tell me the template, did you give numbers to everyone, did you give numbers to everyone and that price is also a lot, if you believe that the brand is fine.  The location is fine, the amenities are fine, the construction is with AC block, it is not clean, there is something else, there is something else, the numbers are normal, but the price is very good, now that is the algorithm that I have given, the weightage in it is my different kind.  It is complicated because I will not do it, okay, I will teach the platinum members and will give them the template in excel how to do it, okay but normal. I don't want to confuse the audience, okay, then you will know which thing has weightage in which project, because when I do paid consultation, when I charge money and it works, then I go to the first client who sits in front.  I decide on its weightage, for many the location weightage is too high, for many the brand is too high, for many the amenity is too high, so I decide that brother, nowadays you can do everything on a computer, right?  You go for it, many people are very price sensitive that for them price is everything, brother, I will compromise on location, I don't even care about the brand, I have so much money and I want three BHK because I have one.  Mom and Dad will live in one, my wife will live in one, children will live in one, so brother and I have so much money, so now what will be the biggest thing for him, weightage price, okay so this is an art, it is an art like cooking isn't it? How much salt is to be added, how much is to be added to the vegetable, how much is that eight, it means yes, it is written that 1/2 gram, 2 gram can be done like this, but as you practice that art, you become a master artist. Although I have written in that template that it is 1.5 grams of salt and 2.5 grams of chilli and after reading that template, you can do it, then you can go to that level, if you want, then share this video with people.  Have not subscribed the channel, please do so. Please like the video. Moral increases. This template is given to you in a one-by-one manner. Note down 10 things and now compare each one on this basis and from your side, every buddy is wise.  Enough to give marks and that they don't have to be in absolute year 70 can be excellent but then it is all relative when  You compare, when you give the number, you will automatically start giving it. You will see the brochure, its layout looks good, its number is more, this is less, this brand is good, its number is more, this is less, the location is looking good, its 60 meters.  Road is on 90, gave it more numbers, its here, do it like this, you start giving, after that when I will teach a little in the webinars, explain it, it will keep getting refined but a template.  So, you are roaming around like this, I am giving you a map, now you don't know where to go, you don't even have a map, so where do you want to reach or where do you want to go, you need something good, brother, what is your definition of good, you decide.  No, your definition of good is different for everyone, everyone wants the best, but what is the best in the best price, in the best amenities, in the best brand, in the best layout, because all the things will not be found to be the best, because if all the things are the best out of nine, then brother, the price will be thick, then the price will not be the best.  If the recipient is fine, then these are the 10 things which should be the best out of 10 out of 10. Projects do not exist like no one does a perfect spouse, a perfect man does not exist, but these are our parameters. What weightage do you have in this?  He will decide which of your orientation is more. I hope I have succeeded in explaining. If I am successful then please write successful. Do not write in full. If I am successful then I will like it.  2030 looks successful, doesn't it? In the comment section, it looks like 2030 has been successful. Thank you very much.