Hello friends, Gurgaon Real Estate The Current Verdict Verdict Meaning, now I am going to tell you carefully, listen carefully, the elections are over, all the things have come, I had always told that there is a trend, many people used to say to me for three-four years, 'Hey fum fum, all the rates will increase'. So now I am coming and telling on Gurgaon Real Estate I am turning conscious from being bullish, those are the terms of stock market, okay, nothing goes till calm, many people like me.  Earlier they used to say, tell me, tell me, when I said, I will tell you when the time comes, I am going to tell you very clearly, here many of you are different types of subscribers, some have taken it, some have taken it long ago.  Someone wanted to sell the old one and buy something new, someone wanted to buy something new now, there must be many different types of things, many have taken it before, now they want to buy more, there are all types and there are many who have not taken it at all.  Those who could not take it and that sky  If you are waiting for Gira to fall, it will fall, then the prices will be ruined. Along with one flat, you will get another free and along with it, you will also get a trip to Paris. There are some percentages like this, so I will address everyone clearly, I will also tell the builders.  Also watch my videos and I will message them also and will make further predictions, this is a very important video, you have to share this video immediately and also write your opinion to everyone.  So the verdict is that the line of luxuries that was there in Gurgaon is still there, so a little stagnation has started in the luxury market. A little too much in 4BH, too much in something which is more than 3500 square.  Feet, the shop has become exactly like this and the builders did not understand, much indirectly, directly or whatever way the interaction takes place, what I told and now I am fully based on that opinion.  I am firm, I will tell you what will happen next, I will tell you, whoever has taken, have taken anything, be relaxed, smile, be happy, now what should I do, in my announcement, have taken, hold on, keep in Shobha, hold on, keep Meridian  I have taken it in the Go Darsh, hold it and keep it. I have taken the Go Darsh, keep it in the habitat. Shapar ji, keep it. Whatever you have taken, hold it, do not screw it. Earlier, I had done a video in which I had said that if anyone wants to resell.  tell me nowhere  So, I do n't know the rate but I have been saying this for the last four-five months, don't sell resale, the gap is closing in on the new ones, now cool down a bit, there are only two projects, there are a lot of out-of-pocket prices in the whole of Gurgaon.  There are more coming and they are in the pipeline on which I would use the word decently that I consider it as value for money and definitely good for use and also from investment point of view.  I feel juice only in those two, only in two and not in anyone else, now no one is listed, earlier I used to say listed player or nothing, now there is no need to worry about any listed wasted, the rate has been reduced to one and a quarter, many people have come and come.  They are delivering things even in the stipulated time, many people have not done it well, so there is a slight change in opinion, I cannot come here and take names for what ever reasons the market shakes, but I am telling about the general market. If you say that this is my stock market stock market, then you are not telling the specific stock in it but I am telling about conscious for noise shot, second of mine was one thing related to Vaastu where I used to tell, I had also made a video on four and eight.  Number, I am firm on that also, I am you know I am an astrologer, in fact, those who believe, those who don't believe then there is no problem, buy anything, if you believe then Mother Ganga, if you don't believe then there is flowing water, but there is one thing, go to those sectors and see.  Take a look at how many projects are already sitting with open mouths, not yet built, you just have to take a ride, I am not going to tell you which sector it is because even telling that becomes a market. I have not come here to kick anyone's stomach.  I have not come to take votes, neither am I a moral science teacher nor anyone's, nor do I have to reach a higher element that I am a Guruji, I am helping people, I am not of any help, I am just giving an opinion, my channel is ass for the informed investor.  The Smart Investor It is not for the Lemon Investor 50000 subscribers, thanks to you people and so many people watch Real Estate is a niche channel, getting so many hits on this channel is also considered a good number, increase the subscriber base a little more and increase the individual. I will again bring the videos of the projects which have been sold, small projects as well as big projects and will tell you exactly and you can watch them.  Write down the names of the projects. Don't ask the visitors again and again whether it is good or bad. I will never do anything bad to anyone, but if I am not covering it, then it is on my behalf and not about me, if I am speaking.  Even if this fig barfi is good and a cashew katli is good, then don't come and ask me what I say about this Gulab Jamun, how is this Rasgula, I am sitting with just these two, then understand that no, this is good, isn't it Gulab?  eat berries  Eat it, I will also bring info webinars, I will bring lunch for whatever project will be there, but from my side I will not say whether to buy or not to buy info, it is a woman, should be taken, now I will not say because when the price was right, the thing was fine, brother in the eyes. I am saying through my eyes, take it now people, what is there in it, now in time, I will talk openly with you, it is also a topic of discussion because after many days, I am making such a video with the subscribers, so one talks openly. thing one  What often comes, how does the matter come, because what happens in the market when builders approach you or someone approaches you and says Thanda Thanda Cool, say Navratan like Amitabh and you will get money and they can make a tree like you.  She is Kamiya Jani ji who has curly tails, she is making such videos in Dubai, she does things to make people eat but they call them integrated videos or dedicated videos, I go, I say brother, this is that.  Give the money and I will tell you, but what is the point of it, why am I not doing it? Am I a great man, I am a great man, my heart beats for you guys, no, it is not like that, basically, I am building a better brand for myself, why am I?  If I can say it like this, I know there are some issues there, there are different types of issues, so why should I say it is not good, but first you have seen that builder has one building, one is a clothes seller, one of his places was fine, the other one was fine.  there was clothes, now  The place is not right, the color is not right, I am not able to understand, I can speak a little on each and every thing, then what is the difference between you and others, here I will tell the fellow YouTubers, where the pricing is higher and you are feeling  If you have then you can call out, I am telling those YouTubers who sell products by name, they come with the name, I do not come with the name because if I come with the name, then I will tell the name only after taking a lot of money, right?  i am free  Like others, I will not say the name sometimes, sometimes sometimes, sometimes you say it directly or indirectly, it is okay, but now I am telling you this rule of mine from today onwards, it is said first, in old projects there is nothing to say because it is common.  A man has bought it. Now if I tell you something about Shobha City 108, then brother, Shobha has been sold and gone, now the rate will increase, it will decrease, then your name will decrease and the person who has bought it will increase, so things remain like this but many At this point of time, you have to be conscious, now everything cannot be sold or bought, no matter how far the sector is taken, it has also been taken out of control, brother, I want to give advice to the builders here and they listen.  You should stop bringing these sizes of 3500, 3600, 3700, 3800, 4000 square feet. It has become a luxury. Indians are not sitting with so much money in luxury.  It is done, now you should come up with the projects that will work according to me and suddenly see what you bring. Whoever is listening, whoever followed the advice, it will take three to four months to implement because RERA has to be taken and changes are also made.  You can if you follow me, you will have to bring 1200 square feet super area to 1800 square feet super area, something like Shaper ji was a product or Hero Homes and their pricing is also very diamond in that.  Put a pearl and do n't know what is falling from above or what is falling from below, is there no need to put a photo, take a decent price up to 15,000,000 feet which is a comfortable rate and make it small in size so that  That thing should be below 2.5 crores, this 5 sir 6 sir is too much, I know Gurgaon will become a city of rich and many products have come but now it will be a matter of selling further in resale and doing that.  No, it will be a matter of end use only. The builders will have to change the payment plan. It will definitely have to be changed. Those who take 70 rupees within a year by doing anything, now they will have to take this much, again they will have to go to relaxed payment plants. Pricing will have to be tightened and the most important sizes will have to be reduced. What is happening in reducing the sizes? What is the benefit of big? Today I will also reveal this secret. See what is there in big.  What did the government do? Let me tell you guys, understand carefully. The government has increased the FR which was earlier the allowed FR in the societies, it has been made almost double of that. Now increasing the FR means more square feet on the builder. Now he can build more square feet, so if he comes with a smaller ticket size, that is, if he brings smaller apartments, then his density will go up to P 200. Now he hesitates in making this because people like us  I have all this knowledge because the density of 150 flats per acre is affordable, so what would you say by increasing it to 175-180, then luxury will not be luxury. If someone says, then there is a lot of density. Look, in Pune side it is 200, in Mumbai it is 350-400.  In Noida side, it has always touched the figure of Rs 200, so the time has come, now in Gurgaon you can buy that flat.  I don't know, by increasing it to luxury by making it 3700, I don't know, by wasting all the stuff in other things, by making bulk of useless things in its balcony, its rate layout is coming so high, I have rejected many, I don't even feel like showing it.  They say, sister, look at the suit, how to show it, or now we are the suit people, let us show the suit, it is okay, whoever sits and eats the suit, madam, look at the suit, you also need some confidence to say how to show the poor suit.  It is good, that means there is a limit, even a little good, you can call it very good. Look madam, but friend, some of the eyes also have shame, this is the same thing, we have reached the stage of shame of the eyes, I believe, other fellows YouTube.  You will also agree with me that the value of this thing will be available in very different places pan India, there is a very limited thing in Gurgaon, whatever I do for the next four months, I am announcing for the next four months, I am announcing the three months of Gurgaon. Okay, maybe in October, after Diwali, there may be some more choice. If there is a small choice, then I am doing only two products in the big segment. Rest in the small segment, if you get something in resale, then take it, if you do not find anything in resale.  Who has been in resale, who has missed the bull run of Gurgaon real estate and did not even know about the cotton money, now he is coming to take it, so brother, start making efforts in resale, it will cost you a lot, no one is ready to sell.  Everyone is having fun and no middleman is interested in getting it done because everyone is having fun. No 10,000 phone calls and 25,000 visits for brokerage. You are assuming that your provider does not know because the customer is the customer for sure.  The buyer is sure that he is right but nothing is known about the seller because the sellers have put such a curb on the sellers like us that even I get painted as a villain, I know that I  What should I do, make one benefit, the other suffers loss, but I am telling from both the sides, I am saying here, if you get something in resale, it is available at a reasonable rate, wherever you get it, you should go ahead and just buy it.  Blind is my message, you should go and buy it. If you don't ask again and again, no, it is fine, you are getting it, then take it because you know the rates of new ones, what is there in resale, but the sellers in resale.  The message for all of them is for all of you do not sell specific project wise again I will bring the video. If you take the membership of the channel then also you will see the videos as per the target. The matter is going on exactly the same but which one are you?  They want review on the project in Gurgaon real estate, you tell me and I will tell them but they have to be popular and reasonable one's which I don't like as really I am not  Going to tell about them again, I am not going to talk, okay and in the market, I am definitely now. Now we have everything at every price, it was not sold, it is sold, it is not going to be sold, now it is like this, the project came, came came came, when did it come, what happened?  What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? Will it happen like this? Earlier it used to be like this, news used to come sold out, confidence was like this, all the tubers also came like this and the goods were sold in one day, in two days, that one or two days of preparation.  It starts happening months in advance, but now you wo n't see sold out boards as if the condition of the movies has changed, it is not coming, you are watching any Bollywood movie, it is not coming, it is not being made, it is not being made, it is not happening. People are not even watching, it means it is a matter of mood, people are fine, so now the mood is coming out of luxury, builders should not have done so much out price, that party does not last forever, those who are smart keep it and see, then 3700  3800  The one of 3900 and 4000 square feet is 3500 also three, I am putting a cap on 2500 square feet here. My wisdom and conscience is that the matter below 2500 square feet is fine, take it because many people have requirements from 2200 to 2500. Practical size is above that, then that size seems more to you, if you look at its map then it is airy, it is foamy, okay 3200  If you look at the layout of 3400 and compare it with 2400, then how can you not see the difference of 1000 feet in the rooms? I am telling you this, look carefully, I am not going to do this work of a builder by taking each and every name, it is fine here in free funds, the world. For what, who has the benefit in this, in what is someone's benefit, it is not my benefit, if it is not the builder's benefit, then there is no public benefit, why is there no public benefit? Hey, you have given a clear cut to the public, you work hard, why should we do you?  You are buying a flat worth 8 crores. It's okay if you buy a flat worth 7 crores, you can't work so hard. Guruji has told me the formula. Hold the layout of 2400 square feet and 3400 square feet. There is a difference of 1000 square feet. Now see the size of the rooms. How much difference is there and how much is there in it and where is that size placed? You will automatically know which one is worth it because it is the difference of 100 square feet. Brothers and sisters, there is a difference of 45 per cent in pricing and if you calculate the difference of 45 per cent, then a thing like 4 CR can be bought with a lot of money, but if the same thing is of 5 CR then it becomes very tight. It is not.  Very easy and the advice for those NRIs who invest and take money is don't go for very big sizes now avoid them as their maintenance is very  Will give the one who sweeps, mops and does the utensils, now you will say, what are you talking about? I am buying a bag and then saying that the person who cleans and washes clothes will take more. Unfortunately, Indians think like this, it is okay, it is also okay, it is not normal to be.  You should have bought a Rolls Royce and the clothier will take Rs 2000. The driver will take Rs 0000. I don't know, you shouldn't think but that's what they think.  Those who are buying from unearned income, those who are buying from earned income, those who are buying from earned income, these are different concepts, I am also teaching these concepts in my real estate course, brothers and sisters, this is a rump course, who wants to join my real estate mentoring program.  There are classes where I give recordings and teach in great detail, there will be only a trailer here, there are two two hour classes, seven to eight classes are held on Saturdays, so in that you should understand that the unlearned.  He has the income to buy a floor by selling it in Rajendra Nagar or somewhere in Naraina. In Gurgaon, he will buy the capital, but brother, it is like father-in-law has given the car [Music] Money is not his, he has got it. Anyhow, now you think, okay, now he will think about all these things also, you understand my point, normally a person whose monthly income is so high will not think 10.  If those people think about the things of 20 Haj, then the market has now gone to that zone, it has gone to that territory, one has to be conscious, one should not take everything, one should not take it at all, there are some things, I am covering, okay, I am explaining and in that  I am also arguing that yes, there is something different in it, something different is coming in it, it is coming new, it is coming for the first time, it justifies the valuations and it does not do anything like this anywhere, I have been telling many places before.  Such  It was purchased where some other kind of things were to be made, it may be affordable through lets, now it has become so much of a luxury, it has run up, so even in such a place, if someone is bringing out an expensive thing, then you have to take a call or not. I am not going to tell you which place, brother, you have to do some homework. I am not going to take anyone's name here, neither for the good nor for the bad. This channel is for the informed investors and builders. This is a request, Lala. Your employees should not be in the land, your VP who takes salary from you, those who are your employees do not have the courage to come and guide you or say that Seth ji, don't do this work, now Holi party is over or if you want to take consultation then like us.  Take it from a consultation consultant, it is not that much fee as much as the salary, you are paying it to those who are just doing nothing but doing so great. If they were doing great then they would not have let you relax.  No, you just go there like this, what are you doing? Yes, it will not be sold, what is the waste of time? Then go to RERA again, change the maps, then reduce them, then you have told some units to the first ones. Brother, if you have sold some units in any project, then say this.  That it will be of this density and this size, but now if you go and get it changed, then you will be cheated by the earlier ones, you can get it smaller like this, you have to decide beforehand, otherwise the goods will not be sold or will be available later. Later  This too will not be sold because India is like I am saying that instead of buying one big one, it is better to buy two small ones because we cannot live together. Then again the matter of mother-in-law and daughter-in-law will come. Okay, so four BH's and five BH's. Whatever they are now, you will have to take a call beyond them, enjoy the earlier ones, if you had taken it, it was for Rs 12000-13000 and one and a half to two years have passed and now it is in that area.  If it is 18, 19, 20 then you are in a very safe zone. At the age of 35 or 40, you have made the payment. That thing is being made properly, it was fine but now you have to take a call as to what is included in these pricing and also the difference in pricing.  Builders are not doing it. If you have increased the ticket size, if the ticket size has increased, then reduce the square feet rate a little, give some relief, at least listen and I have to speak because even if I come, I cannot speak anyway. Many are listed.  He is a player, brother, we are shareholders, I would like that the company whose shares I have bought should reach the moon, then I will come and give so much knowledge, I will not lower myself by saying this, but I am talking logically and they  The owners of the company listen and I am talking very respectfully. You will not see arrogance anywhere. You will only see it in practice. It is only in practice that sometimes the time for course correction comes. On top of excise, what is the size of the thing?  The market is ready to accept and not for how much because it cannot have continuous run up. 1200 to 1800 square feet super area and carpet, you can do it. 800 to 1200, 800 to 1200 carpet and super 1200 to 1800 whatever will bring in Gurgaon real estate.  Will bring a ball park on 000 feet figure shows that it can also be 143  It can also be Rs 1530 but generally it will come at this costing and it will be a super hit project, this is my guarantee, it is a good builder, it is ok, these are the sizes that you have priced at Rs 16000 and Rs 3000 at Rs 17000, they are not the same because of inflation.  Will be sold as per the schedule, will be sold gradually, will be sold later, the last product that was sold now, the one with a good full house, was a peak hit in Gurgaon real estate.  I would say that in the time of March, in the end of March, from April, May to June, now the matter is going on smoothly, but in this also the valuations are good at some places, the proposition is good at some places, the location is good at some places, decent things are being available at some places and the goods are being sold.  But now you will not see that one like it used to happen earlier in Hindi movies like Diamond Jubilee, Silver Jubilee, Gold Jubilee, Diamond Platinum Jubilee, you will not see such super hits, you will see normal things, yes the picture came.  People saw it was okay, it is selling, let's go like this again in the next tie, if you will see like this then do not run away, be very critical, observe, observe, learn things, I am teaching you people in the comment section, you will get an info webinar on that.  You can join if you are already there, you have not joined beyond that because I was explaining these things to the people who have joined for two-three months anyway, today I have come and told it publicly, it is time to tell it publicly.  If it seems, there will be a little lag and after that there will be a core correction. I mean, within the advice I am giving, will the prices of Gurgaon real estate fall down? Nothing is falling down. Yes, holding power is there in everyone, there is a lot of holding power among the builders.  Builders are sitting there earning so much money, go and look at their balance sheets, see how good their share prices are, they can hold everything for 5 years, but what is there in it, then they will have to bleed, so builders don't want that.  If the inventory is sold then hold it but don't think that the builders are very poor. Look at the debt to equity ratio of all the listed firms. Loans are low. Free cash flow is high. If the goods are sold then now They should concentrate, they are also helpful to the builders in making the goods quickly and whatever new thing you are bringing in the market, please do it with people like us who deal with so many thousands of people on a daily basis on real estate.  Are you connected? Are you doing your own marketing? Yes, you can't do it. This is my channel. I ca n't do my own marketing. If I keep doing it for someone else, then I am telling the builders to pay consultation fees to people like us because a lot of people like me are doing it for free. Want to meet, I don't actually meet, I don't meet, I will meet only after taking money, I want to meet in Hi Hello, No, not in Hi Hello, this is your product professionally, beyond that I can give opinion as if I am making a picture of my own. Come and ask someone and many people ask, film star friend, how is this scene, how is this story, then tell your opinion, we are small leaders of real estate connected to the public, okay, if you are a leader of real estate, then you  Will give input as to what the public is thinking now, like the exit poll people were in bad shape but you should understand that people like me take public opinion in workshops and webinars every day and find out what is happening in the market.  connect to  And rate of concentration inventory is over hang rate of absorption of inventory, you don't have to do anything else, these are three-four tehsil offices, go there, spend some time and see how much crowd is there, now the crowd of BBA seems more, new registry.  And it is not his, this matter is going a little slowly and as soon as the goods are sold in March April and those whose BBA is happening now in June, I am predicting India number one real estate. Clarity Giver, go and see Neel Batte in July, you will see silence in the tehsils because the goods are not sold that much because there is a lag even in BBA, there is a lag of 70 60 70 80 90 days, when you take it, the allotment letter comes and then it comes.  If there is time, whatever goods were sold, now their BBA will be completed in June, then by June 30, all the goods that were sold in March will be done for everyone.  Was sold thick and thin, initially his BBA will be over in April, now you go in July, stand in the tehsil on a random day and ask the clerk or any other boy who hangs around in the lawyer's house, how is things going these days. You will get to know a little about this real estate and if you do not want to go there then there are their government sites, become a Jagga Jasoos there, details come there, how much has happened, they are supposed to tell also how much, I am teaching now.  I am teaching this for free, I will teach more in paid form, so those who want to attend Real Estate Mentoring Program, come there. Whatever work you are doing or want to do in real estate, definitely come and whatever you want.  If you want to reach a level, then those people can also come inside it. Rump, you can give me whatsapp-web on the number given, similarly, Gurgaon Caution is fine, Noida, Ultra Caution is fine and Greater Noda, brother, there is a lot of supply.  She is worth so many crores, okay, so be a little conscious, North India, we are entering it slowly, we can see the speck speckle territory, so stop yourself a bit, this is the message, there are very few, very few projects. According to me, there are only two others who are coming, I am doing this to someone from a distance, do n't even ask me how is the answer, it will be very good, take the free answer, it will be this only, okay, very good.  Take it, no, how is it that you come after a roundabout way? If everyone's mouth is wide open around your project that is getting delayed, then look at yourself, what happened there, look at Vastu, look at Numol, look at all this.  Things work, everyone believes them and they work in real life. Go and check for yourself. I hope I have managed to tell a lot without doing anything too much. Rest is also a request to YouTube as you genuinely feel from inside because I  at someone's discretion  Does n't ask questions, it's okay, but questions are raised many a times that you should not come and speak beyond the work you are doing, friend, if it is expensive, you will have to speak on a stage, won't you? Friend, till when will you speak, till when will you all keep singing praises even from YouTube? There comes a stage, sister, this suit is this one, let's see, now you understand that the suit which has to lose its color will definitely be beige, it will make it expensive, you know it, so calm down a bit, friend all.  Have come here, now it is too much, so relax a little, rains are coming in July, August, September, okay, it is from the Government of Haryana, I will tell you more in details, this video has already become long, there are many factors, I have included 1520 factors. Looking at what is going on in the future and now, what is the data saying, what is the trend of the people, what is the intention of the builder, I told everyone here that construction has not started anywhere. You have booked three-three-four-six months ago also, nothing has happened seven to eight months ago, environment clearance has not even come at many places, I am also telling you that some other people think like this, get it resold, now what does that mean?  So quickly and I will take it at 30, brother, these 30 people are in the danger zone, you are in the 30 zone here, you will buy three flats in the rest of the cities of India, the good one is Mavan, which is at 30 in Gurgaon, that is.  Gurgaon property can be bought at Rs 10 per kg in other cities too. We are telling and explaining the things there too. Do write in the comment section which cities you are interested in and how did you like the advice of this video. Do share it with everyone. Thank you very much