Hello friends, an example of a cash flow positive property, which ticks all the boxes, has come up in a place in Bangalore of a top builder and BH's project. There is a little discount of 57 lakhs and the rentals will be close to 0000 fully.  Furnished after four years on position the payment plan is very very easy ₹ per month kuch dena hai and 10 par abhi dena  The off course loan will be taken on you, the capacity should be Rs. 000, you have to give it for 36 months, after that the loan will be yours, then the off buying is there. If you want to understand this thing in detail, then the details have been done for the project showing everything the investment.  The Rational The Investment Thesis The Like Returns The Place The Layouts The Site Layouts Everything Has Been Covered So You Because It  The opportunity, when you are watching this video, will last for three-four days maximum. I think it will last for four days. Okay, so One BHK is a limited company. We are not coming to this project again. And in which area will BHV BHK come? It has been explained very well in this. So if you want to watch that video which is I think 52 minutes details have been done then you can whatsapp2 the number which is given in the comment section or you will see  The number that ends in 2005 is right there is 9911 7025 right beyond that you see Great Thing in Bangalore Everybody Notes What's Happening to the Rentals Here the expectations of a rental is there about 6.5 per which is  A very good thing, how much will be the appreciation, how will it be, how are the returns, all that.  The details are explained in that video. Low hanging fruit is especially for those who are looking for diversification of real estate in their portfolio. Be it a government employee like you or a corporate employee whose postings keep happening and you want to do it in this ticket size.  Because if not now, then in many places, if we see in Gurgaon side, here it has become 1.5 crore, 2.2 crore, 3 crore, 4 crore, that means, not even one and a half crore is getting anything, 3 crore, 4 crore, 5.  Louches worth crores are coming, so that way this is a very low hanging fruit, less than 57 lakhs, how much less is there, how much discount is there, you will know quickly you can ask for that video, I will share that video with you who are interested.  Thank you very much m