Hello friends, have you received or are you receiving a call? I am telling you the symptoms of Gurgaon real estate becoming hot and I am addressing this video to my fellow buyers, the buyers who are sitting on buying, not on reselling to you.  Have to sell, calls have increased, disperser calls do not come that much but if the whole thing is bought and these come only to those who sit after buying, do not know who gives the number and how, these people are fine, people give all the numbers, only then they call.  Come  If you are living then I get calls 10 times a day, brother, sell that there, sell it, especially where the payment of Rs 40 is going to come in the 30 40 30 plan or where the structure is ready or where the position is available.  It has come in eight months or where the position has come like mine from Shaper ji, as I tell, I get calls every day, it is yours, sell it, sell it, it is fine, good rent is going up, don't sell it.  Now we have to cross the limit, we have to increase the rates gradually, on Dwarka Expressway, I have been successful in slowing down, almost too many resales are fine, but now I am saying for the rest of the Gurgaon market also that you should not sell anything.  You don't have money, take a loan from your father, even if you sell half of that flat to someone else, you will earn more money on half of it. What I am trying to say is that you have been reselling like this because you are  For your own benefit, you would buy such a lot of chillies that not many people have bought in the market, if 100 people have bought something then a thousand people want to buy it, then there is a difference of 900, then of course they will come and write and say for their own benefit. Yes, I do it only for my own benefit. Why do I do it for my own benefit? Buyers cannot do that. Builders can do it for their own benefit. Politicians can do it for their own benefit. Businessman can do it for their own benefit. Anyone who does anything can do it for their own benefit. So why can't the buyer create his own benefit?  Keep your heart beating for that common Mussaddilal who did not wake up from sleep. Some Mussaddilals woke up from sleep. The office people who did something 3 years ago and 2 years ago took it away. Are you trying to sell and buy something else or do you have money?  You were not there or you did not have the strength or you did not have the conveyance, so now that the rates have increased, it seems that the sky will fall by doing this, not that some rates will fall, this is not right, the infrastructure is not right, everything is fine.  It's not air, it's a bubble, it's a bubble, sometimes it seems like it doesn't burst, sometimes it's not a balloon at all, it's something else and it doesn't burst, and you feel like it's a bubble, now the rates have to increase because the buyers are  It is more and the party in Delhi has not yet started that the things which the people of Delhi have seen and want to buy while walking on the expressway, when they will come back after selling and buy, then the rates will increase a lot because these rates are 10%.  For 12 years they were saying that we have to grow, due to various reasons we were not able to grow that much, so in two-three years, we showed you the run up of 10 years because nothing had happened in 7 years, so come on.  If you are getting calls right now, there is no use in holding it. Your nose will start watering if you are not holding it, then increase your height by 24 inches. Take someone's support. I am telling him to say more time bye.  The more time you buy, the more returns you will see. This is a noise shot. Now in the coming days, I am going to do webinars for the buyers. No one has done this. You have bought for the first time till date, I am not asking you to buy, you have bought. And if you belong to any project in Gurgaon, then which are the projects beyond which you would like to write in the comment section? Why is this only for exclusive buyers? What is its current resale price, target price?  You should not sell, for how much is the buyer ready, I will tell you everything, still if you want to sell then please tell us, we will sell, but the advice is that do not sell, the advice is that do not sell at all, there is no money, so bring anyone from anywhere as a partner.  Make it, do anything at home because the story has yet to progress, there is juice left in the sugarcane, it is okay now, once it is completely sucked, I will tell you, that too is okay, then you can comment on the real estate webinar group on Telegram, if you are already ready with me. If you are not on any group then you will get information about it and you will call it I will call the webinar as Gurgaon Real Estate Buyers Webinar for those who have bought or something like this so that you know that nothing new is being sold in it.  As for the old one which is sitting there, there is a discussion going on that you have bought that one, this one is at this rate, it is currently sold, it is currently sold for this much, it is ready to be sold for this much, don't sell your stock at that rate. Look at the price. Every person wants to know the price when he buys his stock. It is known every day in the stock exchange. Whenever you buy, look at the closing of any day and put the portfolio under money control. Look at it increasing and decreasing every day. Here it is like this.  No, here I am the only stock exchange, so wherever you have taken the products of Gurgaon real estate, I have taken them for 6 months or 12 months because one more problem has come, the builder's rate for people like buyers. See, it has become 2 crore 20 lakhs at one place. If you bought something at some time, then you are thinking that if I sell it for 220 rupees or 210 rupees, then you will also know the realistic figures that the builder's 22 rupees have become yours also at 210 rupees.  If it is not going to happen, why is it not going to happen, we will discuss it, so which are the projects, if we have the capacity to cover 10 to 12 in one webinar, then which are the top projects?  If you want to know what you have taken and who has taken it, then write in the comment section. Write the name of that project and it will be the off-course project of the sector. I am number one, so I should know from the name of the project. Maybe.  Wherever I am, I have complete knowledge about the good projects and what rates are going on, so I will do it whenever I do it, I will tell you all, feel free to join, listen comfortably, watch and join, thank you.  you very  If you have not subscribed the channel then please subscribe, thank you very much.