Hello friends, today we will discuss an idea or a method by which you can buy a house, especially the youth, so this is a practical idea, tell me how practical you found it, you can do it or not because in today's time, buying real estate is for everyone.  So it is very difficult, the Millennials are also born a little late. 92 93 1992 93 people, it is becoming a little difficult in the cities, so today I will take an example.  I will tell you that we can rent a property for one CR, although the prices have increased much more than this in many cities, but one CR is a very decent budget, even now many things can be purchased at many places, so I will take the example of one CR only.  I will try and tell you how you all can buy that property which is suitable for me. The target audience that I am seeing here is those who are between 27, 28 to 35 years of age and can also be older people.  These are the people who have got jobs, who have also got married, may be married to a girl who earns money, then I am telling you the best solution, I am telling you an SA template, what to do, any good under.  You have to book the construction of a good builder in a good location and the money will go to him in three to four years. Now you have to use your parents, use a little and use their money.  You have to go to your parents and say that we are buying this property, we need money, as you say, if you want money then it is an off course and no one is going to give it so soon, so today I am going to tell you the solution in practical, so listen to this video for that today, mother-  If father says why should we give it then he will take two-four-five-10 lakhs. If your mother or your father has made an FD of Rs. 20 lakhs then you tell them and the FD that I am renting you at Rs. 6.  I will give you interest on Rs. 6 and will also give you a share of Rs. 20, so now the parents have no reason to say no because they are also getting security. They are giving you a share of Rs. 20 in the property. I am telling you in the template form. It can be of 25 30 40 lakhs, it can be of 1515 lakhs, it can be of 15 lakhs, you can also put your wife's name in it, you can also put your mother's name in it, you can also put your name in it.  Now you have taken the loan, the down payment of Rs. 20 has also been arranged for you, you have to pay the money gradually at many places, the income tax benefit that you will get, your wife will get the same if you are at 30. Close to 11 to 12000 is within the slab, you will get interest on Rs 20 lakh per month which you have to pay on 6 till the position is not made because  After getting the position, the rent will also come or if you yourself will live in it, then only Rs. 000 will be left as rent. Let's calculate again that Rs. 20 lakhs will be 120000 by 6. When you divide 120000, then Rs. 000 will have to be given to your mother monthly. You gave me 20 rupees on The Rule and Law, you can also take income tax rebate of this money if you send it to them directly through cheque. You are giving another wise in the account with in the house. You can easily settle that you will pay the electricity bill and I will also pay the maid's money or add one more expense. Meaning of milk in India now.  Inflation has become so much that these three expenses mentioned by me become just Rs. 00. Okay, these three expenses will become Rs. 10000, so make such an arrangement or if you want to do it with income tax, then make it official.  Depending on whether your mother is not in the tax slab or whether your mother is not earning Rs 20 lakh per year, when you give her Rs 12-20, then tax will be levied on her. If she is not earning, then just give it to her officially. Deduct your income and give her the problem.  If not, then what is there in it? They have to show it to their parents too. I am telling all of you parents that the money you have invested in ₹ lakhs will turn into dust when you give it to your parents.  So you are getting only %, you are not eating the original anyway and your 20 lakhs are not becoming 21 lakhs. If you are taking 10000 per month and if you have to make 21 out of 20, then I am giving the address of the parents for 20 lakhs.  If you have to do 21, then you are not getting anything for the month, here your son or your daughter or son-in-law or son-in-law is giving you money, they are giving you monthly money, you can invest that money in mutual fund.  If you wish to put it in recurring account, add it or spend it depending on the situation. Your share of Rs 20 lakh which is invested in that house is increasing. If it is a pure investment then it is the same.  Brother, because after 2030 years you will leave behind something of worth in this place because many elders in their 60's, 62's, 65's think that they are going to deal with it.  Don't live in four-five years, you can live for 3035 years too. Deal with it quickly. Today's age is not a risk. Risk is living a long life. This is what I want to tell you. I am also giving you financial knowledge through the same video. Real Estate  I am also giving the knowledge of this to you people, you have to spread this knowledge very well, this is a video for youngsters, you should understand this thing very well because no financial influence can understand it. Here, the SIP of a mutual fund is open, brother, the asset is not being formed. Which mutual fund have your parents invested in it? They are making money in the coming time. Some banks may give % now.  I have calculated the pay at 6, but in the future, in the lower interest rate regime, we will go to pay at 55 5 45 4 and what is the benefit to you, son, daughter-in-law, daughter-in-law, what I told you.  Don't take 20 lakhs from them, no, we are not from them, but you get it from the bank at 85 %. If you are giving 6% to your parents, then you are saving. Give 65% to your parents, even then 2% is being saved and you have given them a share.  If you give it to me, then who will you cheat? Mom's name is written in the registry, you gave 20 lakhs and you are paying interest to her, if you don't trust your own blood relations so much then what is the use anyway and he says  that we leave  If you go then you can leave here also and go here, whoever wants to go, but the biggest thing is that it is said in a positive way, understand carefully what it is, I am addressing the parents, yes, the rental plan will start for you.  Pay at 4 I know such properties where rental starts at 6 and 7 but I only take it at four, you gave six and you are getting six from four, the day your rent starts coming.  The income tax of six which mother was giving to father becomes four by taking the benefit of becoming a riveter. In this case, if you give four to them then there will be cash flow and it will be free property but in eight years the rental yield will be four to eight and then in the next eight  It will further double in a year because I am calculating the price at which you had taken it, so your interest rates are not going to be like today's interest rate brothers and sisters, you were getting % on ₹ lakh.  So after 8 years and 9 years, it will start getting at 12. No, it is not increasing, nor is the interest rate, so it is not happening that the interest rate is increasing every year, but the rent will increase every year and will keep increasing, so if we plan for 30 years. Put it in Excel like Varaku ji does, I don't know, he is such an expert, why don't these people of Excel put all this in Excel after watching my video or they don't get anything from there, there is no money in giving this knowledge. And no one is going to give any money because the banks are facing a lot of trouble anyway, all the money has gone into the mutual funds, the banks are also struggling, the same banks are struggling, the public is not able to get their deposits, so you can math this thing. Understand the formula that I told you, brother, parents also benefit, you also benefit, there is rental income, there is passive income, there is safety security because we have given a share, in the same way from the wife also.  If you are taking money, then you can take it. Wife's parents can also be included. There is no specialty of parents or any boy. Property is related to blood relations. It has happened in many states in UP too, now it is in Haryana also, in other states you Check yourself, there blood relations, fresh registration cost in property transfer, do n't deny the cost of lawyer's paper, that's it, nothing will come, inflation will wipe out everything, as much inflation as you can see will happen.  It is explained that it is much more than that and add aspirational inflation and it is much more, so this is the best way because if I get that initial down payment money and the money for the next Rs. 10-20 is my money, then I get Rs. 30-35. But I have a solution, I do n't have to take a loan for about one and a half to two years, I do n't want to kick it, the house reaches a very advanced stage and this is also the payment plan builders come out with like this.  If you are living, then if your parents give Rs 101 and you are sitting on Rs 1015 and while the builder is taking Rs 30, in that time your Rs 101 has been further increased by doing savings, then you are sitting on Rs 50.  There is no need to take a loan yet, brother, you are sitting with 15 rupees from your parents and 15 rupees from your parents, and by the time this was consumed, you have made arrangements for another 1520 rupees. You have reached 50 just like that, then take a loan of 50 and then come to know that the rental yield is at 4 but since you have reached 50, you have become cash positive by the way, so it is not difficult.  It is very easy, when everyone in the family comes together then it can be taken care of very well. Utilize your parents, if not your parents then use your in-laws and father-in-law, if not theirs. Siblings can also take it together, sometimes it is okay, the parents are not rich, they are not wealthy, they can also be poor, no problem, two brothers can take it together, brother sister can take it together, two sisters can take it together, this is the same formula.  No no, then his cheating, I do n't know how cheating happens, friend, two people are taking the property, two sisters, brother or brother-sister, sister-in-law, in the name of both of them, what is the meaning of cheating, how can it happen, I am not able to understand, tell me, then how can it be a true cheating? in proportion  Give money and you can name it in the property in that ratio. No one said that 5050 is 40, 60 can also be 208, 30 can also be 7, rental props are investment properties and three or four people together can also buy them.  If there are two children and two parents, if there are two then four people can also take your name, mother's name, one brother's name, another brother's name, one sister's name, one brother's name.  Make any ratio of mom's dad's 25 25 25 30 30 30, not you, the younger brother is doing better, the elder is earning less in money or in the same way, put the years in the same ratio, put one on 20, one on 20. Put one in that ratio of 40 and then manage those things in the family. Many daughters-in-law are sitting comfortably in an empty house. Housewives will manage the rental.  It is okay with ease, everything is managed with ease, such a property is made, then make another property like this because a property worth Rs. 00 is to come, you will never have a Jugaad worth Rs. 100, so you make the first property like this, then the second one will be made and then  Third, fourth and then divide it later when I have three-four properties and there are such shares in all, one day we will sit together and divide, brother, this is yours, this is mine, this is my whole, in this I have to give 12 lakhs to you because that one. Its value has increased so much that we will revise the share holding according to the market value, which is called Restructuring of Assets. I explain all these things very well through the webinar. Please read my comment in the comment section.  There is a Real Estate Info Webinar Group. If you have not joined it already then please join it and by attending such webinars, you will get to know more. Thank you. Very Much