Hello friends, a mistake which is being made by investors in real estate especially in Gurgaon market, I want to tell about the experience that I am having, many people have taken a lot, they have taken it well, they have also given money, they have also given it, but it is happening.  Now I am getting impatient, should I sell it and take it there? What is that one like? Why brother, what kind of thorns are there in it? It seems like I should earn money by selling it. Those of you who have money have taken it.  Sit down with whatever thing is coming out from a distance, it is useless from the first thing, but no one will say this because the new thing has to be sold, we too will not speak, no one will speak, but calm down this anger from within.  This EDC IDC GST will keep giving brokerage. Government will earn money. Middlemen will earn money. Look real estate is not your demat account where brokerage firms buy sell this set this target this don't take it like this.  Take it, sit peacefully, wherever you have taken it, there was a 30 40 30 payment plan, there was 25*4 or there was a construction link, whatever it was, within one two to three years some structure has been built there, that means a captive thing is being built, the execution risk has reduced.  There is a new pit in the air, sorry Gudda, a new pit has to be dug, there is still time left to dig and if its environment is not known then jump like this.  Don't go, if you have fresh money to buy then by all means the market is not forbidding people. Things are fine in the bull run. You can take it. No, it is fine but there is no use of buying by selling. I am telling you this, no one in the market will tell you.  Everyone will say this, Bhai Saheb, it is absolutely rubbish, whatever comes into position, it feels like this, every time it feels like this, doesn't marriage mean I am a marital consultant, marriage is happening, rounds are going on and rounds are happening like this.  are And you had selected a girl, then she is coming back, your third and fourth rounds have been done, then a girl looks like this. Boys and girls all come and get married, and she is throwing flowers on you like this and you feel like this.  I feel like man, why can't this happen? Now it's not like this, it won't happen like this, brother, I don't know anything about who he is, what he does, is this just an attraction? Did he show a brochure, if you see some smoothness in it, then just take this, oh brother, the rest.  Things are also there, isn't it? How was he marrying a girl, looking at his face, father, mother, behavior, cast, color, creed, everything is checked, money, wealth, nature, horoscope, 00 things, now wherever he has gone, everything has been checked, his builder's behavior, his behavior.  How much are you making? How do you feel? Everything is going well. But why do you have to do it just like this? Why do you have to take it just like this because its rate has increased? Brother, look, I had taken it from so much and now it has become so much.  sell it Why will we take this, then it will become from this much to this much, then it will become from this much to this much, then it will remain this much, this will also go further and every time you will pay the cost in between and brother, this is near your city center or city or location.  This is far away, this is the no kick of trading. Even in share market, people destroy money like this. Bought a stock worth Rs. 100, sold it for Rs. 1.25, now I will buy that for Rs. 200, it will become worth Rs. 250, then sell the one for Rs. 250. I will take that, then I will take this, then if you have taken a very good one and it is growing, then keep holding it, if you want to bring fresh capital, then you have to take one property, you have to diversify, you have to take two from BH.  Do you feel like taking it in this city or did you feel like taking it in this city, if you have all these things then it is understandable that this brother will keep coming forward every day in this jump, every day someone or the other will keep saying kill as I feel myself.  If I am also including you, then there is no need to wander around like a crazy butch. Marry someone with property. Do n't do it with stocks. If the performance of stocks is not going well then you can sell. There is liquidity, you can do it quickly and transaction cost is less in stocks. Brother, in property, there is registry on 78 rupees, GST on 5 rupees, IDC, EDC, then there is brokerage cost, then there is builder buyer agreement, if you sit and apply it.  If the rate goes to 15 so quickly, yes, think about it, don't jump like you took it here, you took it there, you took it all, if the rate increases then everyone's brother will increase and if it doesn't increase then brother will not increase again, remember this also. Yes, someone's 100 can be 120, someone's 100 can be 115, someone's 100 can be 125, it does not happen that one person's 100 becomes 200 and the other is like this.  No, it will not happen that those whose prices are lower, their appreciation has happened the same. I should not tell people but still I feel like it because no one comes and tells them that Dwarka Expressway was the most rubbish project, black and yellow taxis with non-my one sips.  There has been more appreciation in their prices because they had very, very distressed prices. Now this does not mean that you should go and buy and it also does not mean that you had to buy at that time but I am telling that the price Appreciation came the highest there, it was not to be taken even at that time, not to be taken even at this time, still there is a lot of difference in the price, it is bad, the thing is cheap, crying again and again is fine but now in that price point when people are going there they are saying that my Brother, if someone wants something for Rs 1.5 crore, then the prices of those things have increased, so the appreciation is there, but now no one can say whether it will come forward because someone's plaster is being stuck there, someone's seepage is visible, it does not look good.  stay somewhere else  View means whatever I put down, I do not take the name of the project but I am telling this practically that this has happened, so we have taken what I always say and you people can repeat after me and tell that.  Is this philosophy correct or not? Buy well, never sell, sleep well. If not, then what will be the profit? Meaning, whatever profit you make by buying and selling with the inheritance money is Rs 40 lakh, 60 lakh.  If he comes to you and suggests that you have to come back and then what will you do with that money, I will eat the profit, then that means you are living a measurable life, you are living a life with ease, if in your property, one crore becomes 20 and 20 lakhs.  If your house is running with a profit of Rs. 1000, then you are not doing any work. You are not going to go anyway, because sonorous and letter will come. When you go to such a place, you will get stuck. You will not get the thing there, or you will get it late, or you will get it very late. Or something else will happen because you actually don't have any other back. If a person is earning one and a half, two, three, four lakh rupees or income, then he is eating his bread from there, he should increase his assets and net worth, focus beyond that.  If you have bought a property from a good builder at a good location at a good price then the only thing left now is to have patience and get it delivered.  It is registered and stay there and put it on rent. Rent will be Rs 45, minimum of what you paid and current value will be 1 %. Hold on to the rent which is Rs 4 today, it will be Rs 5 in 8 years, capital appreciation will also be there.  It will happen but no one will tell, everyone will not say it. No brother, sell it and something good is coming and something else is bad and buy anything else if you feel like buying it.  And there is money, there is no use in buying by selling. The builder who had bought the floor is doing the same, let it hold on. Got it, no, no, no, we sell it because it does n't matter to me, the city is wrong, property prices are not increasing, others  By selling in the city, you are buying by all means. You have a property in a rotten street of Greater Noda. You are getting something by selling it. In Gurgaon, you are getting a down payment as a down payment and you can buy it further by adding something else. Buy by all means. But sell beans in the city  There is no point in buying it, so I am trying to tell you that there is no point in selling it in Greater NADA and buying it in Greater NADA, especially under construction anywhere because there must be some old property in Gurgaon which makes you feel that now I will not live here. And even if she is not going anywhere like this, still it is understandable that I am telling her exception that come on friend, this property must be old for me but brother, you had booked a place here 10 months ago, now it is in the market.  He is telling you that some of his premium is a little bit, so don't go and buy it because what you will end up buying will not be that much value for money because here it appears that if you buy something worth Rs 100, it will be worth Rs 120, but where the thing you are buying  Whether you are buying it for Rs 150, Rs 100 or Rs 120, are they worth that much? Was it not good enough? You have to think that all the new projects will be more danceable.  Than the previous ones, when they will be ready then you will understand the thing and why this is happening in Gurgaon market. Government has been increasing the fare. Before the last 10 years, the rate for high rise was 1.5-1.75, then they increased the rate for some area in between to 2.2.  After completing the tax, he said, 'Brother, if there is any utility corridor or any big road going on here, then the distance is 500 meters, then this is all.'  This is so much, then TD's FR has been further increased to 4.5, so the matter has become three times the density, so consider all this in valuations, keep sitting with the old one because a stage will come in 2025 26.  There is no supply, the ready to move in one will have more growth than the new one because the new one is being launched in 2024, go and see their certificate. You will get the date of 2031 2032, check it, you will get the loan in 2025, you will get it in 2033 34, see in RERA and practically too, work is done for six to seven months in a year, work is not being done in the rains, then NGT ban will be imposed, then that labor will run away.  And the labor will come after doing Chhath Puja and then there is pollution. Then the labor will run away due to pollution. If NGT bans it for 10 days then that  The laborer is not sitting there, he goes on his own, then it takes time to complete it, so the lot of people struggle to get it completed because that window is not there, so nothing is going to be done before seven years, if it is not going to be done then brother, when this is in between.  If you want a house then it is ready to move in, all these will increase only then the old taxes will also increase, so whoever is sitting with it, stay seated, the rent will increase in 2025 and the world will be ready in 2025.  To move in in 2025-26, don't sell for resale and buyers buy. There is a queue of buyers and five sellers, 50 buyers and sellers are not even selling. Everyone is having fun because everyone watches my video.  And it is good that you have fun, but sometimes you are having too much fun, so don't waste too much time, many people no, that is also happening, don't sell, then you know the rate and weight, just sit peacefully and follow. Keep doing it because why do you sell after knowing the rate, do you think that I will buy something else? Now the matter has gone to 141000 feet in Sector 93 and people queued up and bought it there too. Then brother, that is the nearby sector of Delhi.  How will they be less than that then if the goods are sold there then all that is like water, it has to be plain but once it is happening like this then you will feel a little bit like miss match other wise who is sitting with it where  Leke Baitha Hai Jitne Mein Leke Baitha Hai Baithe Raho It Will Do Very Well Thank You Very Much Subscribe to the channel Like Share You can also take membership by pressing the join button and you will find the webinar info group in the comment section if you have not already joined.  If you are watching this video with me for the first time and are not in any group then please join that group otherwise there will be duplication.  It is already connected so that whenever someone conducts such things and question answer sessions and all this, you can be a part of it. Thank you very much.