Hello friends, many questions are asked on Affordable Housing Gurgaon, I will tell you some questions, I will tell you the phenomenon, how many excellent returns people have earned in the past, what should those who have bought now, what should they do, want to buy, some will come in the future, how many will come, we will discuss all those things. So let's start first of all, only those who are priority three can buy affordable housing in Gurgaon draw because only priority three gets oversubscribed.  Priority Three is a person who does not have any property in his or his wife's name in Delhi, Chandigarh or Haryana. If he already has property then he becomes Priority Four. In the draw, Priority Three mostly comes out first 5-7.  Years ago, so many people did not oversubscribe. People like us spread its awareness, then anyone started buying. Gujarat, Maharashtra, Karnataka, anyone can buy and an outsider can keep the property for as long as he wants, although earlier I  I had tried to raise this issue a lot with the government but I was told in an unofficial way and it was explained that Guruji, the most important thing is that if people from outside come and settle here then it will grow further, however for the people of the state it will be a little difficult.  It is bad because if you are from Jind, you have a small house, you have some house in the colony, you have some house in the authorized colony, then you cannot buy here whereas Gudga is Gudga, so it was a bit bad, but this.  Policy brother, it is like this, the people of Haryana did not oppose it anywhere, I tried a lot, once I made a video, the video got a lot of publicity, but that too, everyone wants someone else to fight our battles, that's nobody, everybody, nobody and that.  Same elder brother, you must have heard that in English it is okay, someone will do it, it should be done, yes yes, you do it, why do it, what do we say here, why should I become a leader, I am a Guruji, I can only give knowledge, brother.  it's like that I had recently told about the plots sold in the auction that they should be allowed because when they bought it, there were four allowed, so they had bid according to the money of four, people liked it very much.  It is logical that it will happen in the court of law also, so here no one has done anything, it is fine, but as the situation is now, I tell you that affordable housing is a gold mine, the rates have doubled to 75 lakhs wherever the position is.  Within Sector 71 of Signature, there are 2 BH's and around 85 90 90 Lakhs of 2 BH's and this much it has come up with and it is something between 60 Lakh to 1 Crore in its Gurgaon market, otherwise whatever affordable housing. That space occupation can't be something for not a crore, but a car worth ₹ lakh, now it will be worth ₹ 60 lakh, there is a lot of space.  It will be worth 70 lakhs, it will be worth 30 lakhs. The government has increased the rates from 5000 feet to 5000 feet or from 4000 carpets to 25, the government has increased the rates. If the rates of balconies have increased separately, then never think of selling whatever affordable housing you are sitting with which is outside.  People are cash hungry, their 2 BHK is fully furnished, rent is coming from Rs 20 to Rs 225000. Go and check in Lemon, there is another affordable housing which is doing very well. It is situated at 90 m 9 road. Come and see the rentals of that too in 102. Come and see how much are there. There is also a society in Sun City, in 102, come and see it now. So, it will still take a year for the Dwarka Expressway to become bright and beautiful, but it is Satya Satya High Mall, it has become famous, so 102 people have come out and there is one next to it.  If our mall is being built then it is not available in affordable housing for rent everywhere. You will see this in every house, not a single house will be seen where raw vests and clothes will not be found drying, that shows 100% occupancy and the rent is fully furnished. Rent is rental led where anyone who finds it is selling it for resale. Those who do not have knowledge, outsiders do not have knowledge. There are many people from outside.  Those who have bought it, they want to dispose of it, wherever they get it, they can get it as per their understanding, take 50 lakhs, 55 lakhs, 60 lakhs, it has to move further towards 1 crore and 1.25 crores will also go towards affordable housing.  Mark my words, some properties in a year, now beyond that, different videos, you would like me to make, like now MRG is Alti, its position is inside 90 sector etc. Your RV will come which is touching the hospital, there is an MRG balcony next to it and it is of the same sizes, what premium luxury, ultra luxury is branded in it, some carpets of those sizes 620, 640 of 2BH have been sold for 1.25 crores, so brother, this is proper. Why not parking in many of the three room houses, this one will be worth Rs 1 crore, this one will be worth Rs 2.5 crore but it is okay, it has a swimming pool, many of these too but this one is worth Rs 1 crore. And what is the benefit in it, and what I want to teach and explain in this is that it is also a learning experience that you cannot sell it as long as it is being formed, you cannot sell the position for one year, it takes time to be formed.  Normally it is said to be of 5 years to four years, but I don't think any one is made before one year, many of them take 6 years also, so some are made in 5 to 6 years, some are made in 5 years and one of them is  If we cannot sell till the year position, then due to this the property does not come in the market to be sold, only then we have got the real appreciation, things worth Rs 25 and 30 lakhs have gone for Rs 75,800 lakhs, if there has been three times appreciation, then the same thing I teach people is that  Even in Pune markets and other markets hold on to these properties and I will have to make a separate video in the future as to whether one of these ideas is visible to me.  The property prices are controlled by speculative builders. Do you know from where the rates have been taken? Well, to tighten the noose on these rates too, a government will not be formed right now. No, it means it will be formed again. I am not saying that it is changing, it is not changing.  But we have to give an idea to the government and I will give it through my video. If you support me then you can tell me that by implementing that idea we can raise the prices of a property and its direct relation is here. Genuine people are ours, come and those who have taken life long cash flow, this is mini pension, it is 20 to 22000 and fully furnished rent will be 27 to 28000 th BH, whose position is to be held next year, not telling yet, next year MRG Ultimus  As it is, another one is being built next to it where also 2 BH MRG Ultimus position is being built in 6 months January  Write 2025 and take 2000 rent from me for 2 BHK. If anyone has any doubt then write in the comment section. 614 620 carpet is good. No one can buy it off-course in BHK. All the goods are sold and cannot be bought even in resale.  Since the position itself will be in December and the position cannot be sold for one year, then write down the rate of MRG Ultimus for December 2025 somewhere and give it to me.  Crore rupees, brothers and sisters, one crore minimum, I will now make specific videos on affordable housing because where there is value, I have to talk about them and in the coming time, nothing is coming because the builders have now transferred five acres of land.  You are also seeing that the affordable ones have also come into luxury, many of you know the name is right because they are earning money in it, where will the money be left in the affordable one, he knows at 5000 feet.  What will he be left with? Look at the cost of land. Where will it come from? Cut Deendayal's plots. Let's not cut Deendayal's plots. Now what will be cut? If Deendayal's is also closed, now he will cut this luxury. He will build two more towers. Now he will build two and a half towers. Within an acre you will see one tower of luxury because the government has changed the policy, now you will see in the coming time on Dwarka Express, some famous listed player will come. In time, a tower of 22 to 000 square feet, a luxury tower will come on these two and a half acres, we will also sell, the world will also sell, the world will also buy, brother, then it is affordable, now it is not going to come anywhere, it is coming anywhere.  You are listening as if someone is coming by mistake. Something from the last time signature was released. Which project's name extension was released in 37D? 12000.  Applications had come for 200 units, meaning the ratio was 1:6. This much discovered project has been produced. If you do n't get anything then don't sell your affordable housing but still if people want to buy then buy in Sun City 102, buy RO 102, very good.  Nice rental yad has pricing there now like the video is made then the price has increased by Rs 10 lakh, the price of the big one and the small one BHK is Rs 35 4 lakh.  Rap rent will be around 17 18 00, you will get it fully furnished which is 350 square feet, you go and check and now their position is coming behind tha BH, the position of tha BH is coming and there was a lot of noise that hey.  There is some ground there, this is ground, that road has to be built, there is nothing there, what is there to create misconceptions, people are not interested in parking the vehicles, now go vehicles.  There are only 500 cars parked, there is plenty of space to park inside, you wo n't be able to play cricket there, the glass will break on their backs, there is a bad place to park the car, what other car do you need, where should you park your car worth Rs 4,5,6 lakhs? Bring it to us, that builder means he had sold one BH worth Rs 131 lakhs for one BH worth Rs lakhs, now his rent comes to Rs 161000. Who is this to Ankur Warik or this to Akshay Srivastava and tell them?  This is the rental allowance. Brothers and sisters, the rent of one BHK worth Rs 13 lakh is coming to Rs 177000. So tell me how much is the rental allowance. There is a rental allowance at 16. Tell them to the mutual fund people. And if I put this money in the mutual fund, it will last for the next 15 years.  And there also if you grow it at 14 then I am getting rental at 16 and I am selling it at 15.  If I grow, then brothers and sisters, how much return will I get and the capital appreciation is different. Small is good, small is big, small is the best thing, where are the affordable singhs, beyond that, if you want video then tell me the exact thing.  When will I give the position, what is the pricing, whatever rate I say here, it becomes the rate, you all know, many people feel this way. Hey, you are doing this to those who have bought. Those who have bought are also getting benefited. And this life is sometimes a zero sum game. Brother, one's gain will result in loss to the other. If you vote for one, you will vote for one.  We will not give it to the other one, one will form the government and the other will lose. If you cannot make both of them win, then it is the same, then why should those who have kept you there ever not be made win? Why should the mutual fund people who had bought so many years ago be made always win? Look, five to six years.  to hold Where are the rates going, they are going to triple and will increase further, they will increase from here also, this is the message please write in the comment section thank you