Hello friends, there are many questions on affordable housing in Gurgaon which people ask. I will try to answer two to four questions. You people have to understand them. The biggest problem I have seen is that construction in affordable housing has not been done and the demand has increased.  It has been given and specially those people who have to take loan are facing problem because the bank says that it has not been made yet, in which projects is it coming, please write in the comment section, I will tell you my take on this that  This thing is wrong but I feel that in affordable housing the builder is looking for excuses to cancel your allotment. I also see that he is looking for excuses and then if he gives some excuse, he will cancel your allotment because look this is worth Rs. 253 lakhs.  The thing has become worth crores of rupees in the resale in the market, you people can see this, okay, where the position has come, it is definitely worth 70800 lakhs, but that size was small because the size of the ones that came earlier is smaller, the current position  Come  The positions that are coming up now, in which you are facing this problem, brother, these are all 645 square feet plus 70, 80, 100, 150 square feet balcony, so their valuation is high, so be very aware of things because what  It happens that if the car meets with an accident, you do not look forward to every accident, you want that it should be mine only, then it is good, right? Or if you look forward to it, then the insurance person will give it, he will ask one and a half crore questions and then you will have to go through another process.  If you want to go then I am giving you a practical advice as well. I am not saying here that I am telling you that no, there is nothing, get it from your sources, get it from anywhere, tell them once and then send an email to that side, brother.  If something serious happens then take the help of RERA but they have not given it, whether I pay it or not, they will keep imposing penalty and then by the time you go, you will come to know that its construction is also done, we really do n't know what is happening  is asking for it first  It is not of your tower, he is asking as per the project, it has happened at many places in the project, it has not happened in your tower, it should have been done as per the tower, everyone should ask for it separately I really don't know, I too am the builder being abusive, I  There should be a complaint about it, but you should write in the comment section that if you are facing this problem then all of you get together and go somewhere, otherwise who will go for you, MLA, MP, Modi ji, Khattar ji, the urban housing person, or Guruji, why would anyone go, what is the benefit?  I have told him the issue, but why should I tell him who is getting the benefit in affordable housing, otherwise the one who is getting it, it is not even coming now, so I am talking a little heartlessly, but there is also some practicality in being heartless, so respect what  Ever you want to take it, it is a wrong thing, there is no doubt about it, you should call out, protest, sit down, protest somewhere, but be careful that you don't get to know about it, I did the same, why some people from NRIs etc. came to me,  He had gone out and his meaning became known unknowingly  It got cancelled and then they will tell you somewhere that we sent a reminder, you did not do it so we cancelled it, you were thinking here that I will save my interest of 10-20 thousand or it is still late or how is the bank then this  See, this is the problem that is happening. The second thing I want to tell you is that if you have already bought affordable housing and it is coming into position, then listen carefully. And you live outside Gurgaon, you have no idea why you bought a house worth Rs. 25 lakhs.  I had taken it and it was worth Rs. 25 lakhs only because this 000 feet was built later, the construction of which is still going on and will be in position in three to four years, the ones which are in position now are of small size and their price was around Rs. 25 lakhs  The rates have gone up to 75 lakh, 80 lakh, 85 lakh. That's how much the rent of fully furnished house is, 23, 24, 25 Haj is coming, there are many societies, I do n't know what the rates are in small, very small Tulip Lemon societies and  Was it of small size, then you should never sell them, it seems to be worth 50 lakhs, I do n't know what will happen to me with high profit, nothing will happen, you will not be able to buy anything in the entire country and then you will have to pay separate fees for registration, separate fees for GST, separate brokerage  You will pay and construction risk, execution risk is there in every project no matter what kind of builder or risk of delay, so if you have got one thing, then hold on to it and eat its rent, you brothers and sisters are getting rental property worth 25 lakhs  The rent is coming to Rs 25,000 and what else do you want? Now this Zara Roza people will get the position, I think, or it has happened to some people by making Lotus in 112, their position is now in 111, RO F Alias' position is now there, look at their rates friend.  Look at the position in Sun City 102, look at the rates, they will increase and increase because maintenance is there but in this way, maintenance is not there per month for Rs 100, everyone knows about affordable housing  It is one and a half, two and a half depending on whose size it is, but a lot of people will stay and the middle class will stay here because in the coming times the middle class is going to fall, not the middle class as we understand it, this is the middle class, so  Or this will also be middle class, okay then there will be a lot of demand for it in the future because the cheapest legal one where you can get a loan and a clean registry, that product is the same even today and it will be the same even after 10 years, below this in urban villages  Power of attorney and all those messed up scam games, who will get into that, so this is the cleanest thing, so whenever any person even after 5 years from today whose salary will be Rs. 1 lakh or 2 lakh, he too will be living here on rent and he  He would want to buy this, this will come within his budget, when I am saying that it will touch crores very soon in one year because whatever the position of some people is going to be in two-four months, then they cannot sell them for a year when they  If we sell it in a year then that brother 615 612 sq ft 80  90-100 sq ft balcony and those which are in very good location will cost crores, so even if you take a loan of Rs. 80 lakh to get a crore, then it will cost Rs. 75,000, 75,000 ee, only the one who earns more than one and a half lakh should pay, in fact only Rs. 2 lakh from him  If he is able to pay, then brother, people worth one and a half to two lakh will buy these things, so hold on to them and do not sell them in these cycles that I have to sell them. Then the third thing is the builders in position, the old ones, that is, the projects which have been built recently, the ones which were launched earlier.  The position of the loans which were launched seven years ago is coming now, in that, for electricity charges or for some other things, they are taking some things up to Rs. 50000, 80000, lakh, one and a quarter lakh, what should they take, what should they not take, why are they taking it, why before  Didn't you tell me what happened over a period of time? Safety rules and regulations have increased, including that the lift should not stop or the government has to add some additional requirements. So, this was not there when they launched it.  So the government has allowed them to take it, this is a legitimate thing from the government, now the question arises as to how much, what happens in how much, if one should take Rs. 100 and someone is taking Rs. 80,000 then you have to go to the court to save Rs. 20,000  So what people do many times is, they harm you so much by bullying that it will cost him a lot in the hearing and you pay it saying look I am not the builder's man, I know what the problem is, you should raise your voice, everybody should raise their voice  Make as much noise as you want that this is wrong because there should be electricity transformers which should be loaded, you have to understand that when this product was conceived in 2014, it was thought that these poor people will live here or they will not be that rich by doing affordable housing. One BH was launched for Rs 141 lakh, 13 lakh, 14 lakh and small TBH were launched for Rs 171 lakh, so people had never imagined that there would be two ACs here  The public will install them in the rooms and there are 800 units each and 1 1200 units each, so what will be the load of the AC in it? The wiring has not been done for the load of the AC, the system comes from outside, you must understand that the society also has a transformer. One is the wires which are coming and the switch is being installed, one is the load taking capacity of the whole system, so there was chaos in it because the earlier 61 sectors were given such a society that whatever was made  There was, take it, firecrackers used to be burst every day, we had done it 3 years ago, there is no youtube0, what did the builder do, this was the game, friend, the builder actually made it for the poor type, now it is affordable, those who have come of late, maavan vaavan  And all these good builders are making very good ones, Signature has made very good ones, other builders are also making good ones, many builders are making decent ones, so some people are asking for money for all these things in it, as far as  My guess is that if  It should be 100 so maybe some people are asking for 120-130, I am telling you as per percentage, now demand higher price from the one who wants to listen to you, bargain, if you want to complain, complain, if you want to pay, pay, it depends on me.  You are, it depends on who you are, but don't waste your blood on it, this is the question, you are looting like this, common man is being looted everywhere, there is looting here also, I believe that the builder feels that he cannot loot even Rs 400, what does it mean  I am thinking that I am not a friend of the builder, do n't mistake me for dust, Guruji, I am a man, the builder is thinking that brother it must be an item worth one crore, now he could not sell it for one crore, when he latched on to it, he is thinking of a running ghost  I should take something from the loincloth and the rest is sucked from the maintenance also because one of their companies does the maintenance, they all have strange names, it is the game of the builder, so the builder says I am there also because it is a cash cow for him, so brother  It is played This is going on, it is good or bad, RW has to put their money, RW has to do it with the builder, after positioning in the predicted affordable housing in every society, there is conflict for one to one and half years, after that when the matter gets settled, the builder gives up.  People get used to it, they become stubborn or everyone sits quietly, so my prediction in every position is that I am a real estate clarity giver, there will be stampede everywhere, not this or that, but I have told you that the rates will go up to crores, okay.  This is also a fact because no money is coming in. So these were your three or four things and if you have any affordable housing then tell me there is a builder or something brother 10000 applications for 800 something means 10 times over Subscribe Before that some signatures had come 100, 150, some units 25 times oh everyone has over subscription and there was a time it is funny that there was a time when people used to easily get out in the draw, seven, five, six, seven  A year ago, people used to throw tantrums in that too that I did not get a good unit and now all those who surrendered themselves in such tantrums must be regretting that this is good, this is bad because what is it, there is no reference point for someone to come and tell me.  It is not like that brother, a thing worth ₹1 is available for ₹25, people are more folks, the price of ₹25 is good and the price is bad, people were and there were YouTubers, I remember each and every name, because of the look of the YouTuber, now their subscribers have also increased.  The number of followers has also increased, okay, and if such people belong to only one community, in terms of authority, then why insult them by taking their names, but now those videos will not be there, you will not see them anywhere, but you people who are old followers, they used to make them at that time.  There is no parking, there is no car parking here, this would be a big problem, chawls are also sold at some rate, EWS flats are also sold, everything has a rate, brother, I am tired of talking about the rate, people are feeling shy, learn from Gujaratis  low price judge god how many  I am getting this thing, tell me, whatever amount you pay in EDC IDC GST, for that amount you can get this BH, in that EDC ID GST is more and then there is debate and look at the rent, which affordable housing is it  A fully furnished 2 BHK delivered house whose carpet area is more than 550 square feet and has a balcony of 1001 feet is earning from 25000 rupees, then write the name and at what price you bought it, that thing worth 23 24 25 lakhs, 23 24 25 lakhs  It was worth 75, 80, 85. Right now it is in sector 71 and separately the Signature projects which have come, are trading at 808 lakhs on delivery. One of Sun City has come in position 76 inside sector 70, check the resale, which means resale is open now.  It's been a year now, maybe I think they are right, 80 lakh, 85 lakh, 80, 85 lakh and that means people from better location are going to get the position.  And better things are about to come, so crores are not wrong in saying this. I am not wrong in saying crores. The position of the project which is coming in three months, write down its price after one year. It is one crore rupees. So whoever has got it, has kept it, please enjoy the appreciation.  Do not sell it, we will get it sold, after selling it we will get it for you one crore, that will then become 4 crores, it is not going to happen, just lie down like this, this is cash cow, it is a mini pension, old age will pass, I do n't know if something happened to the money, this might have happened.  It will keep paying the rent of these DDA flats in Janakpuri, which used to be worth one and a half, two and a half lakhs, these are worth one and a half crore, okay one crore 60 lakhs, it does not increase much, but brother, their rent comes to 40-45 lakh rupees, which only cost Rs 1 lakh  I had bought something worth two lakhs, think its rent is 40000 today, so sit tight, there is no benefit in selling these, I am saying this and if anybody in the family is selling it, then buy it from him because brother, there is someone If nobody needs them now  Do not play for capital appreciation, I am not saying at all that if these people become one crore rupees now, they will not become two crore rupees even in 5 years, a cap is imposed after going to a place, it is okay, but if you have cash  For 24 lakhs, no, it is like I have bought NHPC share for 141, it is now worth 90 or something, brother, I get dividend at 12, 133, 14, my people will say no, if yours is at 92, it becomes 2, so 2  But he said, why brother, my shares are bought for ₹, I am calculating on 14, that if someone has bought 1 lakh shares and gets ₹ per share, then he gets ₹ lakh and if he has bought 1 lakh shares for 14  It was for one lakh rupees, he is getting two lakhs for 14 lakhs, so he will calculate accordingly that I am getting it for 13 or 14, so now just hold me tight for my money  Those who are followers, subscribers, you write in the comment section, yes yes Guruji we have affordable housing and I will not sell it, then enjoy the fun and watch the game, do not sell it, you will be caught, give me a box of such sweets, then brother what should we do, passing the partial brother  Sir, what should we do now and brother, now you come to the commercial, your box of sweets is missing, you understood my point, now you have got the thing, for how much, what is it letting you do, the money is not being spent anywhere, it's an emergency  If any child wants to settle outside, the boy got selected in Harvard, so much is happening to you, they are saying brother give me one crore and sell it, okay, but such a situation should not arise that brother, selling it is enough  Bhaisahab this is not Bhaisahab, if you will not sell then write in the comment section, all the affordable housing will not be resold, we will do it, come live on rent, come live on rent, all the followers of Ankur Warku ji will live on rent, will do SIP in mutual funds in affordable housing I will stay, I will not buy a house I will not take a loan, I will do SIP, me and you who are my followers, sit tight and then see how wealth is created and what to do with the rent of that mutual fund, the Rs 25,000 that will come, invest that in the mutual fund, play Excel Excel and brothers and sisters, if  If you invest at 100% for 15 years, it becomes ₹ crore and if you invest 225000, it will become 1.75 crores. If you get returns on 15%, then brothers and sisters, invest in it and the rent will increase. The rent doubles in 9 years. Easily even a dead place gets sold in seven, a decent place gets sold in eight, a dead place gets sold in nine, so see how much the rent will be in 15 years and if you are investing all the rent in mutual funds, then  What will happen next, you should understand what you have to do. I have given you clarity on the entire affordable housing in Gurgaon, then everything will be frozen as soon as this video of mine goes and if it is frozen like this, then what will happen is that the rates will increase. Now, those who did not buy will abuse them, and those who bought will say thank you. You can see after three months how much the market will rise because you cannot buy half the things because the position will come in December or January.  You can buy them next December-January because for one year period I you cannot sell it and for the next one year whatever position comes, everyone will keep getting clarity like this, now this video also will be watched by at least 10-10000 people if they don't watch it  You have to show it to the people who have purchased, if you have formed groups, you have to show it to them, brothers and sisters, only then will the rates increase, this video has increased the rates of affordable housing, pan Gurgaon, this single video has increased the rates by 5%, did it increase it or not, it has increased it by 5%.  If you have not increased it then write it down, so whoever was listening at whatever rate, after this video, brothers and sisters, increase it to 5, the rate has to be increased gradually, if you have to cross the limit, it is very dirty, what will happen to me by saying dirty things  What happens if you buy it, you don't have any duty towards those who got it for you, is it only for the new ones who are coming?  Yes brothers and sisters, for the new ones there are 150 standing in the market who will take care of the old ones, so the old ones also have to be taken care of and when it was told then you should have bought the thing, buy it now also if you are getting it somewhere then there are still many value deals  It is available at some places, it is still available for 60 lakhs. According to me, the rate should not be less than 75-80 lakhs, somewhere it should be above 80 lakhs, but there are many hidden locations, if it is like that, then the matter is 55-60, which I am telling as 7580 that  I am telling you that this is an average location, good location is 95 lakh and crore, what is a good location which is on 80, 90 meter road because even ultra luxury is not coming on 90 meter road, even that is coming on 24 meter road We will not sell the place, we all should take a pledge, Amit Shah ji makes us do this, my first name is also the same, so everyone will take such a pledge, we are owners of affordable housing in Gurgaon, you will not sell it for anything cheaper than this  Neither is it there today nor will it be there and it can be sold anytime on three days' notice. Liquidity is like the stock market. Mutual fund money takes three days to come in the account whereas this one will come in two days. You can understand that if there is so much liquidity  We will not sell it, write everything in the comment section, only then there will be effectiveness, whoever has bought it and brother who has not bought it, we will keep bringing some value for money things for you as well because the story of what is value for money today will play the same way after 5 years I remember when I used to talk about affordable housing, then Thana was the only one and I am the one responsible for making other people discover it, people from other states used to think that only people from Haryana will take it and then they will say, well you are the one who  You did this, yes it is me, you can abuse him or love him or respect him, you can't love him, if it's a matter of love him, hate him, you ca n't ignore him, subscribe to the channel, like it, brother, nothing.  It doesn't matter that you bought it, I will explain you some good thing, you can take it, you will be benefited from that too, don't  Be in the rejection game Be in the selection game Many people play the rejection game Be in the selection game Like, share and subscribe to the channel There is a group in the comment section where information is given through webinar If you are already in a group  If I don't have it, then there will be duplication, but if it is not there, if someone has forwarded it for the first time, then you can join that group, then you will get the latest breaking news, thank you very much.