Hello friends, I have brought some information on affordable housing. Again there is a little confusion about affordable housing rates in Gurgaon. So I was already telling you that it is okay to grow up, which is a very good think. If anyone is thinking that this is the fault of the child.  Brother, if it is not affordable then Deendayal would not have come, anyway the government had made it affordable, if it is affordable then it is caste in Gurgaon. You didn't get anything below crores, so date it is a good think, the date is going on, after doing 5000, very good think, know what I want, you are oil people, this is what sister-in-law means, there has been a sudden change. If I do two, I will tell you five things.  I will tell you on priority three priority, some projects will also be coming in the coming time, I will tell you that if you are on the wait list in any project, then it is difficult. The wait list is clear, honey, why will it be cleared, brother? Projects have been launched, their rates are rising a bit, their rates will remain the same, so if you are waitlisted in that project whose multiples were removed, you had already canceled it in the first 15 days, so now it is up to you to remain waitlisted because Why would anyone cancel his ticket now and not the next one and the next one? Hey brother, if the rate is Rs 800 then it is already flooded, then it will be very difficult for you to move the wait list. Some are half defaulters and will not give anything.  If something happens, there is a separate chase, so if you are very low in the waitlisted category, very low, then now you can take a tomorrow. Of course, if you are not waitlisted one, three, five, then you can take a tomorrow because you are waitlisted.  I am feeling that according to me it will not be cleared. Okay, the second thing is that the new launches that you are coming up are not like there are some 200, 300 plants, there are some plants, but only priority three is there.  Practical chess is priority three, what is there in it, Haryana, because I am also from Haryana and the people of Delhi have a disadvantage, I had raised this issue earlier also that why are you doing this thing because if there is a family in Kaithal in Haryana in which  Those people who want to buy property but already have property in their name then it becomes priority four. If the residential property in your name in Haryana or in Delhi is in your current name then you have priority photo.  But the application will be included in the draw only when the priority three is less, if you have got 100 flats and priority three are those who do not have them in Haryana, Delhi and Chandigarh, now they have 150 properties in Gujarat, up to 5000 properties.  Even if there are 10,000 properties in Bihar, they are a priority. Those people from outside have been given advantage. When this policy was made in 2013, people lived there for 10 years.  People had not thought that the makers of this were thinking that only these people would apply, now it has become popular, I want to give myself a name in it, many people condemn me for this also, you tell the world.  Okay, okay, when people from outside come, the city does well. Also remember that a cosmopolitan city is divided only by the people of India, from the local people. The city may be within any province and it is doing very great and good.  his name  Tell me, where there are only local people, pick any big city, India is fine, people from Mumbai to all over the world have come to Delhi too, many refugees came to Delhi in 1947, I don't know from where and even now from where do those who are in Delhi come now. Many people live here and those who come here from Bihar, there are a lot of them, because it happens here, even if a few people came from there, no one accepted you, then no one in the country accepts you, welcome for anyone.  For everyone but this policy is as it is now I don't think there is much chase on priority in this, because now after 207 days, an extension for the project of 81 girls has come, in which the last non is the application of ₹ 8000 and no famous person has fallen, no one has made an announcement that brother, please do it. Nothing characters, nothing, silently 8000 applications will come. Okay, so in the coming time too, we can resume that if not more than the minimum, then at least five times that. If people do not advertise it and someone like us comes and says that brother, this is coming, it is good, take this, then it will become 10 times more. We have to make people aware because now when it is spreading from the middle of YouTube to the middle of social media.  This thing has come out that friend, you are from above, you are from Maharashtra, you are South Indian from Bangalore, still you can get free priority in affordable housing and here the level is 33 lakhs.  33 lakhs rate done 645 of 33 you are getting $645 carpet 100 feet balcony getting carpet which is 745 750 which is equivalent tu 1000 1100 square feet in super area which is com dr about 3000300 if rate the super area and me  One construction and there is no man who could not find it in the entire country.  If there is a place, tell me the story inside the city, also the story of which I have been, inside the village, inside the construction, in the forest construction, in any backward location in the entire country, everyone knows that subsidy is an investment, there is a benefit, there is a benefit, there is a lottery, so now Jin Jin  Has affordable housing on story also batch means Tulip Lemon you know how well she is doing which started with her apartments up to 435 450 500 square feet. Rent is going on, what are the valuations, Rakhi, whose affordable housing is there, don't sell, they will give you flats worth Rs. 1 crore, do it from today or in five years, this is your real estate clarity and number one promise, I am telling you that Dada's flats are coming out.  These are now available at very high rates and I do not see any such subsidy but let it be said that in Janakpuri side and many other places when Dada's flats were available at ₹200000 two and a half  1 lakh 3 lakh MIG licks were released like this, at that time, they were equal to today's affordable, no such great immunity, normal infrastructure, basic flat, basic layout, but were not very big like that and C der Journey D Se Journey Bill B Hill People with a salary of dead lakh rupees will live in these affordable housing. People with a salary of dead lakh rupees will live because the rents of others have gone from where to where. Gurgaon Haj scene is really a big jump in D.  Now people are not able to understand the rental market in the last six to eight months. Okay, so don't think that there is no gentry here that you do n't know who is living here, that situation will be fine, okay and now this is taking many  Many times people still ask like Ganga came how many months ago, did Ganga come five months ago? Oh, that is the height tension only in the middle, the story is going on, even now people are confused, oh no one half, hi. What difference does it make if only the tension is going? Hi tension, I told the video in the same way, the story of Scientific Indian Building Code is also going, there is no problem because the distance is divided according to the photo of the building, which is 6 times more than the distance allowed.  Leaving aside the entire Indian Building Code, then Haryana Building Code, Haryana Building Code has taken 6-7 times safety and what difference does it make to the people if something is going there, this Najafgarh drain is dirty.  Puri is going to Dwarka. Puri colony is situated on West Delhi. Everyone knows that there is a touching place on top of it. Even now if you ask that we should take an affordable one then you will get bored as soon as you ask for a date. If you ask for a D message then you will get an opportunity.  If you are from outside then take the dhaba. It is okay. Those from Haryana and Delhi who have their homes in Haryana and Delhi will apply, then this is a disadvantage, but the message to them too is that yours too.  There will be children above 18 years of age in the family who do not have any property in their name because normally there is no property in the name of an 18 year old child. So please apply after 18-19-20. For them, apply in their name. People of Haryana and Delhi.  This is the message for them, if they come in P3, if they come in P4 then you know that the game is different, okay then the rental will be good, the rate will be Rs 1 crore, in 5 years, in 4 years, in 5 years.  Those who have bought it for Rs 28 lakhs, have bought it last year and if they want to get a position in 3 years or 4 years, then this rate will touch them and the rental will be Rs 25-30 thousand. Just imagine, someone has bought a house worth Rs 28 lakhs. First you are getting Rs 33 lakhs and the rent is Rs 28-30 thousand. I am not telling today's rent, I am telling you the rent after 3 4 5 years from today. Already.  You look at the inflation and what happened to the rent and such a rent is not like you will become a tycoon but now it is being heard that it was a very good investment. Where can I get 12 tech care rent? Okay, so it is very good, now that.  If it will be worth Rs 1 crore, then how much will he get if he gets the rent on time? 3% is what financial institutions do in normal decision making. Brother, it is only 3% of Rs 1 crore.  So you are getting this is what we were paying for, hey uncle, when it was booked, according to that, it is 12%, right, capital appreciation has happened every time, d rent bill goes up, d capital value also goes up, so ratio remand three four three.  Four Three Four Three Four Five There is that much relief in Gurgaon, although the taxes are half the taxes because the rentals are a low because of being power of the public is more.  There is more money here, unlike Greater Noida, it is fine, unlike in Noida, it is fine, still a lot of men are being made, rain is of men and Gurgaon is yours, this is Noida, if you want a video on that, then tell me, rain is fine in Gurgaon, in that too, I will tell you the rate due to rain and Floods occur. It's okay due to spoilage, rates and floods occur. Both things have to be done separately. For me, the people of Noida are also connected, they keep climbing, I also tease.  If you want a video on that one, I will tell you, okay, it is not raining today, the weather is fine, but if he wants one, then I, I, never, that one, no Bhagat, no, I am fine with the debate, because if you have complete complete knowledge.  If you have, then you have, you stand, you screw, tell me what happened to you, now that I, that man, who will run away, then write to me in the comment area, now what happened, I will tell, okay, so Gurgaon rain is always my annual video relief.  Even before you guys  We will see on another channel, now this is a real estate channel from Explorer, if you want to make it on this also then I will make it, okay if you want, there is a popular demand, then tell me brother, please make Guru ji on rain, okay, we want to know, okay then what?  Is it okay because he is my own brother, isn't this Gurgaon News guy, he is so much water, he has votes sitting in it like this, where is he roaming now when the real me is filled and that water is like this, the road is like this, the vehicles from here are like this. His friend Mike is going  He is standing there writing, there is 6 inches of water in his own body, that is, there is only this much water from below and he is sitting in a boat lake, hey, today I make a video on Artificial Intelligence, okay, what is the program in it, how much is true, how much is false, how much is it?  Okay, so we will make it on this too, please tell me, but spread this affordable one to people, thank you.