Hello friends, be careful before investing in these projects or bull run. There is an advantage and also a disadvantage in a way. Explain these things very carefully and do not make this mistake. If you do not make this mistake and understand this then please. Write something good. It's fun, won't you? Learn to write something good so that I feel good in the report mark. One or two lines, whatever is fine and you were about to make this mistake, write it like you were saved or have made a mistake, write this is.  About Projects which  They were stalled, they were dead. When the real estate goes up, the land rates of those properties become so much that even the dead bodies become alive and become zombies. We recently saw the Supreme Court against the builders.  The ruling came that Unitech is also being liquidated, it is okay for their buyers, there is good news for them, there is no problem, something was stuck in yours, something will be done, brother, it is a good thing, this is the real estate cycle right now.  You are done and up and so many years have passed, this phenomenon is playing out even in Greater Noida, it was Amrapali's, it is being made by NBCC and it is from JP and after expiring, you are getting to know about these projects.  I don't want to buy fresh, I don't want to buy fresh Swami funds, Swami Swami, you can do it, brother, these are too many cooks, spoil the broth, it may seem cheap, but I don't know how long these have been here.  The mouths of the projects were open and no one has any idea of ​​their inner soul, they will give you lipstick and nail polish. When you do not require any place in 3BH, pan India, then suddenly when you get the budget which is the market rate.  If it is found much below then it attracts you, you say that it is the right thing, then these people are advertising it, it is backed by Government of India, it is Government of India backed, not Government of India.  The poor girl was robbed, beaten up, the one whose bones were broken, she is bringing him back to life by giving him crutches. That dozen means that project has become lucrative for the Amrak and I will tell you what is happening to the top firms. Now I will take the name.  That enmity will become big because the top people of the same group take advice from me and if he is a friend then I am not going to take his name. Okay, so now you will say no, no, you are afraid.  It's not like I don't take as much as I am telling you. Understand that no one is poking a gun in my head that I have to tell everything and for me, neither contesting elections nor being popular is the most important thing, so I don't want to be popular. I am for a sensible person, I want to make my impression.  I do n't want to be a social reformer socialist but what I want to tell you is that the big consultants who care about the property, the name itself means they are so big, they are taking up this poor project for the sake of marketing. Now if he doesn't pick it up for sales then the goods will not be sold. I also know because it is a stalled project, all those stalled projects were not sold even at that time when they were stuck, so if let's say 500 units, 500 units.  There was only 200, 250, 300 units sold in the project because if all had been sold then perhaps he would have made it or something else and he would have lost it, so the remaining units are and  What is happening in many cases, inside the same project, a half tower is made and a bonfire is made, fresh units are arrived, then brother, this is half garbage work, it is something like that if any vegetable was being made then now it is in it.  If there is something wrong, if there is too much salt in it, then you reduce it by adding potatoes or if it gets burnt from the bottom, you are correcting it, then do n't go, I am saying this, don't go because that or this, you will face later.  lost position  After and then the truth will be revealed, as it happens, first see, it is a product of company reject, the shoe is a little bit damaged, is the shoe worth Rs. 12000 from any firm and its lace was wrong, so it is available for Rs. 4.  So okay, that is not happening here, it is not available cheap here, you cannot say that it is a shoe worth Rs 12000, now there is so much wrong with it, so give it to me for Rs 1100, it is not for Rs 00.  Worth buying that in Rs 000, it is not worth it. Yes, if you are actually getting it for Rs 4000, then buy it because Bhava Bhagwan, I am also giving clarity to this, Bhava Bhagwan, so the one who had stuck 4 ₹ for his own and he was losing his money now.  Even by giving him Rs. 000 more, he can complete his work and its market value should actually be Rs. 88000, that's fine, even then he still has a profit.  Also 4000 was mine, I was stuck with 000, I took more, got something worth 8000, I am fine, I do n't have any problem with that, but take something fresh for 121000, I am telling this as an example, consider it as absolute rate but consider it as square feet rate.  Take it psychologically, that is your point because many people do not know that this is the work of this builder and the builder has gone to jail.  There has been no change in the management either, which means leave this kind of bigoted brother here, you have to get a fresh one, you are from a good new builder with new technology, according to this, say according to that, is this a project or a red brick project, brother, this is a red brick.  Do n't take the cement ones or others that came later, the AAC slabs etc., this is also okay, this is also relatively okay, now the technology has come very good, but I do n't know how many contractors are there in their case.  The contractor was changed, the contractor was not getting the money, what would the contractor have put in, what would the new one have put in, no one knows anything, neither am I taking the name of any project or the project is infamous, nor am I taking the name of any other builder or anyone else. I am taking the name of the thing in this way, whatever case is being made, look at it as per your convenience and I am talking about Pan India, do n't just call it North India before going to something, before taking it in any project, wherever.  Do n't you see Swami Funds SWAM  I H is probably mostly this, if I am not right, then brother, leave it, pass it, tell me pass it, you take it, I am not going to take it, I am not going to take it, because what is this now, is it being pasted in the bullish market and  Very big people are saying this in English with a straight face, wearing a shirt and tie like me, but still my job is not to show that I am a great person and people are not bad. I don't want to spoil the market.  I am realistic, this is happening and in other places you have to see where the valuations are right for me, look quality will come at a price, it will not be cheap but yes expensive, you can also be sold poor quality goods and good goods will definitely be sold expensive.  If there is a bullish market, then you will find something that is cheaper somewhere else and something that is not available anywhere else, that seems cheap, then check it out, it is cheap, no, because if you find the pricing also less in this, then all your money is wasted. run in one go  Because they are coming on these positions, they are coming on all the positions, your money will be gone in one go and in many cities like Greater Noida, there is a lot of supply there, that amount of 35,40,50 thousand flats will come together.  Yogi ji and by holding all those meetings, they are doing a good job, it is a very good thing for the flat owners who are stuck, they get their flats, they get a roof, they get the money to whom they had given it. They should get it but brother it's all a game of valuations, look no matter how even junk is sold, the price in India is for everything but the main thing is the price, what price you are getting, you have to be careful, sometimes what?  The thing taken worth Rs. is a complete waste of thing and the thing taken worth Rs. 00 is worth it. I want to tell you that these flats are attracting money because of two-three reasons.  So there is openness, there is openness, I also agree that the sizes of the flats have also increased because what has happened over the period time, the sizes of the flats have become smaller, so what I am saying is that do your due diligence carefully and think carefully. Understand it well and go and physically see this Swami Fund, wherever it is. Check how many times the contractor has changed, how many times the builder has changed, which one tower was built, who built the other, there is a synergy among them.  It happens in a project that there is a project which is visible to you with the eyes, there is something which is not visible to the eyes which is the soul of a project, just like a car also has a soul, the car which you see is from outside.  The seats are visible, the belts are visible, the music system is visible inside, but the engine is not visible, the transmission line is going from below the engine, how will the steering work, how will it work, that is the soul of the car, in the same way the soul is projected, where is the sewerage? going from  How is the sewerage treatment plant built, how will the things go from inside, seepage etc. will it not come, if it has been messed up originally, the chances are very high because over period of time, we don't know who all messed up in that project.  -Who turned out to be that when it was not the intention of that builder and that builder himself moved away, so now the one who has taken over is going and making it from the beginning, he is like lipstick and nail polish.  If you are trying to sell then this awareness is very big, this video will also not last long because of this awareness, there is pressure on me too not to spread it too much because and I demand the right to that pressure, I also consider that pressure as the right. Yes friend, because these things also have to be sold but I am saying that those who are associated with me should listen, there is no need to forward this video in everyone's mass awareness because if you watch and customers do not come then the old ones will not be able to make it.  The old ones will not get any exit, the old ones will remain stuck, so I am not here, but look at this, doing good to one person is also kicking the stomach of two because I am an astrologer also, I understand that I cannot do this like this, brother, the goods also need to be sold.  But it is also important to explain, it is the fate of everyone else, who got this knowledge and did not get it, that is also luck, who did not understand even after getting this knowledge, that is also luck, man can tell, right?  Normal man, you say, don't smoke, don't drink alcohol, keep your health good, wake up on time in the morning, eat good food, but not everyone agrees, because if everyone agrees, then the work of doctors will go on with yes, hospitals will go on with yes, it's fine.  So that also works, only that awareness is given that as much as you tell, you will get irritated, people will get irritated if you tell too much, they will get irritated and even enmity occurs and who are you to tell that eating Vitamin B daily means some kind of disease.  No  It will come and the nutrients in the body are fine and get yourself checked. It is necessary to get Vitamin D (B12) checked. Many times the weakness is coming from that. The test is only 1200, but if you tell me this, only the medical people know it. Why doesn't the government come and tell everyone about this, why doesn't the government make the tests for Vitamin B12, which is deficient in many people in India and Vitamin D is very low, and make it mandatory that brother, get his levels checked.  Do it, other issues are coming in the body because of these and you are going to incur huge expenses but you are not told because everyone knows, those who know, but a different economy is going on, it is necessary to run that too, I am aware of this thing.  I have a feeling and I am speaking under this feeling that I am here to become a social reformer, it is not my aim to become some kind of hero who is my subscriber, such videos will come and will last for a few days, in two-four-five days, as many as  The target is my views, after showing that many, I will stop it so that if you want to give it to someone in your close circle that my brother is my son, my son is my father, if I have seen it then do it to them but there is no need for mass sharing because in the mass  Once the thing is known then that thing will be made, otherwise there will be loss, there is loss to the economy too, then this is the agenda of the government, if it is completed and sold, then it will not pay money from the pocket, ultimately it will also be given to NBCC. So you have to sell the flats, only then someone will buy the goods and only then the loop will be complete, so the whole game is over, at how much are you getting that shoe? I told you, brother, if you are getting that shoe at that much price and there is that much discount, then then.  It is worth it but if you are being given the thing at that price then you are getting the new thing at 10 15 20 per cost, everything is fresh, new, this old is like this at 85 per cost.  If it is worth buying at 85, if it is available at 50 then it is okay, 60 is also okay at 65, it starts becoming if and but and p * r * t up to 100 is equal to ama, people do not apply that formula at all.  Brother, I have to give something worth Rs. 00 today and something worth Rs. 10 has to be given in 3 years. Which one is cheaper and 120 will go to me by doing 40 40 40 and now my 100 is going here? Try it, put it in the collection and calculate it, you also know, just put it in and see, you will get to know on your own, people don't do that.  Only and this is the sixth class math which I am telling but people are not able to do this sixth class math, I am not showing it below but basically I am reminding them to do this math.  Then you will know which thing you should take and which you should not take. Thank you very much.