One second Hello friends, today we will discuss about an affordable housing near Dwarka Expressway which will cost 75 to 80 lakhs. Which affordable housing is this? This is Ji Om Parna Apartment Sector 112. If you have bought it then do let us know for other wise information.  This is for all the remaining subscribers because what is affordable housing has been sold and no one is discussing now the affordable housing positions that are going to come near.  In 67 months in the future, in three to six months, I will launch a small series on them. You watch this video till the end so that you can get the correct perspective. This five was launched a year ago and in between, the time of Corona also came for this affordable housing.  Inside are of BH and there are four towers, normally there are eight, there are four of them, there is an open area of ​​2 acres inside it and it is in the best location of sector 112. According to me, it is being built by Mavan Construction.  The position should come in 6 months, by December. If you as a subscriber have better information than this, then please write in the comment section. Firstly, who holds the flats in it, whose flats they belong to, please do tell that yes, it is ours, it is what is in it.  The bigger one is of 2 BH and its price is Rs. 605 or a few square feet. We cannot sell it for a year after the position is in place, so there is no need to tell its price in January, let's say if the position is in December.  There is no price in January because it cannot be sold. According to the rules, you can sell the position only after 1 year, so its December 25. Suppose if the position is in December 24, then the target of December 25 is 85 lakhs for a big 2 BHK and  The smaller one which will be of 2 BH which is around 570 square feet, you can set a target for it which will be around 76 to 77 lakhs, it will be around 75 to 75 lakhs.  You take a figure between 80 and the figure of the older one. You take the figure of the one who is between 85 and 90. How much will be the rental? The rental will be fully furnished. The older one has invested ₹ 2500000 and a bare minimum sofa etc. which they do and  If you have set the cupboard etc. then it has almost come out as a four bagger for those who took it in because at that time  Well, you know that affordable housing used to be built at 4000 feet, now the government has rated it at 5000 feet, so the four bagger returns in six years teach us that if we had not sold the property in between, where would have been the hit. Many people will say to me, no, no, 85 lakhs is too much, listen, there is carpet of 600 square feet and if we add the balcony, then  If it becomes a 1000 sq ft super area equivalent apartment then I am quoting only 8500. Do n't be like that and I am not quoting today's price, I am not quoting December 24th, I am quoting 25th December, I am quoting only 8500. Luxury there is now 20000.  If it is a luxury then it is being sold at such a high price of Rs 20000, 21000, 22000. Brother, why won't it be sold for Rs. 830? It doesn't have a swimming pool and a car parking. Car parking is separate and builder allowed. The government's scheme for selling it will be available because it has a separate land of two acres.  If it is coming out, then whoever has taken part in it, how is the performance of each builder, then I will tell on this that there are builders of A, B and C grade in affordable housing.  So it absolutely means that you should not buy their product, if you are famous and etc. in A grade then I will put it in B grade that yes, it makes it, it makes it well, okay, there are many builders like this.  Whatever you make on time, location is good and hold on to all such videos and updates to you, which other societies of yours are coming and are going to be formed as per my knowledge, what am I starting to make in the series?  these are not to be sold What are you talking about friend? Bought it for 23-24 lakhs. Bought it for 25 lakhs. 24 Lakhs for 25. This much has become three and a half to four times. So why not sell, because after selling for Rs 85, nothing will come after one and a half year.  You will not leave this city in Gurgaon, but still brother, we have made a profit of 60 65 lakhs. Yes, even 60 65 lakhs will not bring anything.  Inflation is the only thing in life, do n't be so happy, treat it as a cash cow, live a long life, live a mini pension, you will see it crossing two crores, you will also see it becoming 1.25 crores, now I am not giving such further targets which are clearly visible in the target.  He is giving further, I am not giving when, I am not telling so many stories about whom, but here Dwarka Expressway has already been built, service lanes will also be built, a 24 meter road has to be built.  It is okay from here, there is a separate launch of an MR next to it. It is okay inside the same area, SO plots of end commercial are to come. Those sectors which are 114 115 will become institutional like sectors 29 and 44, then those stories will be played out.  It will take 5 to 7 more years but given the targets given here, it will be a mature location. Bang on Dwarka Expressway. You can call it Dwarka Expressway.  It is just two-three minutes away from Dwarka Expressway. It can be called Dwarka Expressway. There is no residential area directly above the flyover of this expressway. It is a little far away, so it is near Delhi border, so technically it is zero kilometers from here.  There is a hold on this from the project because whatever execution risk there is, how much time will it take to get it built, it is for you to see and from this we have to learn that where we are not able to sell the property and we have to  You have to keep it, the real benefit lies there, so if you have kept it here, then please write in the comment section and share. Those who have kept it here, if you have any group, then share beyond that, many of my words will be accepted.  It's like I said if you don't resell then it is not getting reselled, I had recently made a video, if anyone wants to resell then tell me, my video gets a lot of views, 10 15 20 thousand views.  We easily reach 50,000 subscribers. Thank you very much. Even if you did it, no one came much. If two or three small quantities came, people are following the advice that there is no market for resale. This is not the time to sell.  What is left is that my video will come that what is the condition of the market now but which is so executed because in future brothers and sisters it will be difficult to make environmental ban NGT's ban.  Sometimes of water, sometimes of pollution, sometimes of any other problem, it is not easy to build a house, there is a problem of labor, there will be wage inflation, limited bars, it will be expensive, take it wherever it is built, in the future, such an environment will not be built by builders, it is not easy, there is no land.  The land to be acquired was not given, land was not used, then license problem, then that clearance, then make it, then ban, then no money, then not this now brother, there was execution risk, here there is one execution in every project.  There is a risk, you know that it will not be made, it will not be made, it will not be made, then the risk has almost been mitigated, if you have to come to the position within six months, then after a year you can technically sell it, but you will not get anything by selling it.  I am telling you that you will keep it for life long, invest that money in mutual fund because I am Shio, if someone has borrowed even Rs. ₹ lakh and has also taken a loan then the limit is Rs 20 lakh.  You must have taken a loan of Rs. 20 lakhs and if 18000 EE is released then the rent here is more than that. If it is a cash flow positive property then please do so. It proved to be a multi bagger for you. Many congratulations to all those who visited here and remember these rates.  Keep it because after 6 months, it is possible that not everyone watches this video. Even the people who have rented here may not watch it. It is possible that they may be ready to sell you a small apartment for Rs. 65 lakhs. Then take it.  If someone is ready to sell, however, it will not happen because you cannot sell it for a year and this video has been made for a year and many more will be made in the future also because I will make you aware, it may not be till the time this video is made.  If the position is after a month, I too have got lakhs of subscribers and the reach has increased. Okay, so I guide people from both the sides. Those who have bought, they also get guidance. Those who have bought, they get very good returns and  The funny thing is that  It was available from a draw plot, its three draws were broken, people threw tantrums because there was a high tension cable in one or two acres of it, oh this is not good, that high tension cable which should be as far as it should be as per the law.  It is that far away and beyond that where the rates have increased so much, it has come out in a draw, the first draw took place, many people surrendered, many people and I am not feeling good, my floor is not good, has my floor become the top floor or is this?  It's time people started doing seconds like this too  Even in the first draw, people have got the ticket here. Even in the third draw, people have got the ticket here. That is also one thing that many people will be regretting now, but there is very good news for those people who got the ticket.  Please spread this news, thank you very much