Hello friends, today the position of Affordable Housing is being announced, it will come in five months by Diwali, the hope is looking very high, which I have come to cover for you guys, if you are in it, then please tell me its name is G RO Amaltas Sector 92, its position.  It is going to have three BHK and a one BHK tower. I will tell you the target price of both and I will tell you the rental of both. If it is yours, then clap it like this to make a video.  Otherwise, who talks about all the projects that have been sold and are about to be built? If no one does, then listen carefully and those who want to listen to the video for awareness, how far will affordable housing go, what will be the rates, what will happen and If you get a chance in between, then according to the rules you cannot sell the position for one year, but you have to keep it in the back of mind. Okay, so let's start. Its location is so wonderful, it is so wonderful, it is on 84 meter road.  This area of ​​DLF with 60 meter road, 12 meter 12 meter service lane is absolutely bang on and its fate is such that it has a touching mall and not just one but two, one is a Betak mall, another mall and two malls.  There are two malls here and this is our ROF. It is okay and there will be a 24 meter road behind it too, it is probably not built yet but the entry is bang on from 84 meter road and such a big meter road. Similarly, the premium kicks in at the entry and the entire area is a posh area, there are also low rises of DLF in front and here on this road, this is the area which is your general area. If I tell you, you will get a little further back. Signature 93 Ashiana at its distance These are our popular projects which you might have heard the names of, all of them are within the vicinity, RV Hospital is within the vicinity, DLF projects are within the vicinity, all of them are of DLF which are in the vicinity.  The floors were sold, builder floors were found, it is there, it looks absolutely wonderful while standing on the road, there is a working school opposite to it, there is a petrol pump, there is also a school, so the location is very good, those who are in it now, so pay attention.  Listen, there is one 1 BHK and one 3 BHK. The target of this BHK is November 25 because I feel that its position should be done by November. What is your information, if anyone is inside this project, your information is something else.  If yes, then please tell me that a gas pipeline is also being installed inside it. The gas pipeline which is yellow is also being installed. Okay, so write down the rate of the one BH which is inside it and take it now.  ₹ lakh of November 2025, whoever it is, it has to be sold for more than this, I am telling the minimum rate only, now people will not ask on what basis, the basis is very simple, it is fully furnished, fully furnished,  The rent for 161000 BHK will be fully furnished, which means you have included TV, fridge, AC, bed, cupboard and seating area in one BHK, sofa, sofa and other such items, which comes to one and a half to two lakh rupees, okay, it is easily available.  If you have invested that then you will get rent of Rs 16,1000 lakh on Rs 40 lakh, rental lead on Rs 5, this is also based on Rs 5, normally do you know how much is the rent?  The properties that are available are two and a half grand, hit the limit, if 1.25 more magic has happened, then it is fine on 4, so now you can say in this, when I have calculated on 5, then it can be, if 177000 is true then maybe.  It may not be 40 lakhs, 44 may go towards 45 or it is possible that if it is not 17 then the rent may become 15. It is also possible that the rent may go from 15 to 17.  And the price is between 38 to 44 lakhs depending on what kind of frills you have in it, this price point, it is only one tower, inside it there is only 1 BHK and it will do very well, so the people with one BHK will not have to sell it for the whole life because  Brother, nothing is going to come in 40 lakhs, nothing is going to come in India itself, it is going to come somewhere after one and a half years from today, so tell me, when you can't buy a property anywhere in 40 lakhs, somehow.  If you ca n't buy in some useless town in the city, then never sell it and go, this is also an advice and that rent will keep increasing gradually, put it in a mutual fund and make it a SIP, it will do a lot of good and talking about BHK.  Here you can buy a big BHK, you can buy a big three BHK here, 0 lakhs minimum, 85 to 90 lakhs minimum, I am not going to touch it in crores or above 400 lakhs.  I don't get the feeling that after crossing 400 I said that he went away. If I am not saying after crossing 400, then I am saying that I have stopped it at 8590 only. If you want to do its reverse engineering, then you should think that it is approximately 1100 square feet.  If there is something equivalent to super area, can a valuation of 8000 square feet be imposed in that area? I am calculating it according to the super area.  8 lakhs can be made into 8000 because things are easily being sold for Rs. 151000. The new launches coming at Rs. 15-1 are costlier than that, so I remove the premium of Rs. 50 from it because there is affordable housing in it.  There is no swimming pool, but the ticket size on pay per ticket has also reduced. Due to reduction in the ticket size of many things, the square feet rate increases. Do you know now when 2  If a thing of 3000 square feet is going up to Rs 171000-19000, then why not for such a small thing? You are understanding that formula and its rent will be minimum ₹ 25 to ₹ 77000 for fully furnished. I am not telling you today's price.  I am telling you, look at the position for almost a year, if OC Vasi comes in December, then to get the position, wood work will have to be done in the society.  It takes six months to furnish the position. Means rent for November will increase only in June because the position will be there. The builder will say come, then people will come. It is taken slowly. It also takes time to brighten up the society. These are the attractive rates.  These are not the first day rates, if you pay them on the first day, then it will be a little different. You know, there is a difference of Rs 5000 in rent between the rates of an empty society and the rates of a filled society. 000, if I take its value as 25 to 27, then it is now at 35. I did the reverse calculation of rental values ​​and I put the price at 8588 lakhs because only the rent decides the valuation of the property in the long term. When things are ready, then  If you have taken it here, then what do you have to do? You have to enjoy it, you have to offer it only after fully furnishing it, its appreciation has become so much. People are so skimpy on furnishing when the rent will come from them only. Sometimes I teach these things in my real estate mentoring course. If you want to join it then you can contact me. The course is on, you will also get recording of all those things.  So in that too, I have lost all my weight because I am going to get a position soon, all the structure is there, all the people of you who are here, please write in the comment section so that I can like that the athlete has come.  Could reach out to ROF Amaltas people are fine and no one told them too otherwise many people don't know how much it is, don't be in a hurry to sell it, you will get a lot of calls to sell, I am telling you to sell, sell, sell, sell.  There is no need to sell, nothing can be bought for lakhs, nothing can be bought in Gurgaon, even today it can be bought for crores, so why do you have to sell something worth lakhs, eat the rent for it, eat the rent for the rest of your life, thank you very much.  mech