Hello friends, today I want to share an idea, if it is implemented, then wherever it goes into speculative, then I would like to give two-three suggestions, please tell me what kind of suggestion it is so that the prices can be controlled because the prices are increasing on one page.  It is healthy for the market, so I am telling that idea, it is the election season, you can create a stir, there are elections in the future also, it can be Gurgaon specific or any other state.  Wherever the specific is, let's start first of all, you book the under construction property, if there is a new launch, what happens when the new launch is booked, you have to pay Rs. 20 in two-three months, then you have to pay that in 6 months and like that.  There is a construction link payment plan and the position is 4 to 6. In the next 6 years, many investors come to play the game that they will take the exit, so many will take the exit and this is what is called speculative.  The agreement should be made at the same time, the property should be registered at the same time and the property should be taken from you at Rs. 85. The government has the advantage because it got the money first. Now since your registration money has become so big, now that speculating is happening there, hence the money is there.  Market you will see that the prices are very realistic because the rental is very high there and this is the thing we want, I want maybe you people also want that the prices should not go up like this, it is a lot of trouble, it happens many times.  Now look at the investment overall, pick any city of your choice, the top city, the slowest moving city which people thought was there and which is not and I will bring products from there too for you people on Kolkata, if you look at its last 10 years.  Will extract the data, it has performed very well, Kolkata and Hyderabad have performed, what happens to them, some don't work for two-three years, then they rocket, then stagnate or the prices go out of hand, then  That of resale remains on that also on resale. If you want video then I am talking about what is going wrong in Gurgaon market. In a way, it is not a good situation for everyone. If you want video then Gurgaon Resale you can comment section.  The second thing I want to write in is that it is very important for the builders themselves that you should not make any bonfire until the structure is ready.  Do not make a bonfire until the structure is ready because many builders make a bonfire out of compulsion that once the goods are sold, if you have gathered many investors and everyone wants to exit and then if they do not have the money and if most of the  Although the builders have done the checkup because OI is taken very much, people have also checked the profile and entered it, so there are listed players, there are big players like your DLF is done, signature is done, some They had done it when they were launched, those people, the level of UI itself has become so high that serious people will come, that is a filter, but I am saying that a filter will have to be put in the market now, what will happen to your sales.  The velocity will definitely reduce, I agree that it will definitely reduce, but I want to tell the builders, brother, why are you in a hurry? Are you in a hurry that the project will be built in 6 years? People, this cannot be done before 6 years.  4 years tell stories of 4 years, no construction can be done in 4 years, NGT ban is imposed for three months, it rains for two months, construction does not happen in November, December and January, so when the window of construction is only seven-eight months, then at least 6 years.  It is possible that two towers can be built in four years, but the entire project is yet to be completed. There was no one in Gurgaon who could build it faster than Shahpur ji Palau ji. The project was released in January 2019.  It is March 2024, it is still being built, it will still take one and a half or two years, the fastest Pandha of India is taking 6 years, you check how many years it has taken for Godrej Meridian to be built, Shobha is 108 years old.  How much time has it taken, I can tell you more like this. To be completely complete means all the towers have been handed over and all the builder's goods have been sold and everybody has to take out all the goods, then it is like Shobha's if I  Talking about it, I feel like the builder's management must be thinking that we have spent Rs. 000, it would have been resale in less than a year, it would have been Rs. 21, so brother, they should have kept a little, they should have kept a little, they should have thought about it, no one had told me now.  The rest of the projects in 106, like announcements etc., they are running wisely and I feel that it is easy to ripen, it is sweet, it is easy to sell, it is easy to sell to investors, not too much, not too much.  It should be attractive and speculative, it should be such that one can keep and keep and keep and keep, it is a timeless property, some of them are new coming after doing FR, so the builder should also be charged first by the government, once your registration is done then at 85.  But sorry, 7% of the money is gone, then you become calm, then what else is there, then you have to pay money to the builder because he wants to sell it to people at that time, so this is the registry.  Can another builder put this one, then we will be successful and the price will remain realistic, otherwise this time it will cross 20000, 21000, 22, now brother, at 23, at 24, we will keep hearing this and this will take us to some level now there.  There are people like me and there must be many of you who are already invested, if not till this far, then till this point then many people are invested, okay now more  If you can't do it, then in a way it is very good for us that if we reach the moon and get the rate of 0000 feet, it sounds good but it is not good for the market and the thing which is not good for the market is the one who  I have invested money, it will not be good for that also, I also want a common man to buy a mango in Gurgaon real estate, what can I say, mangoes are not able to buy at all, but there are some special people, at least special people should buy, why Gurgaon?  real estate of  So it is going on in such a way that even a special person will not be able to buy it. Don't know which one will have to be brought from where. To invest here, you spread this thing a little and take it towards the government. The government is also watching. The government has done something.  Things like telling about Gurgaon real estate which probably should not have happened and a separate video will have to be made on it during the elections. Still on Plus 4, if you want, then write in the comment section, that's it.  Also has been responsible for quite an extent because of supply constraints which have been cost other wise if such run up does not happen so quickly then that is also one thing that brother you try to do something about that too and I will tell people now if  You want to invest in real estate, which if you have not done and you have money, then you have to do it. So brother, any amount from 50 lakh to 90 95 lakh.  Property 3 to 4 years payment plan in a big city is a good buy just because you are in a city Speculative city where rates are very high If you are not getting anything below 2-3-4 crores then there may be a time to look  Left and Right, this cannot happen in our own country that the rate of gold is increasing but you have to buy it only for 10 tola. Brother, if you don't have the option of 10 tola, then take it for five, two tola or three tola.  If gold is not bought then it means that if gold is not bought, then gold is going to increase. If you do not want to own an asset class, then there are no ETFs or CTFs. There is no gold bundle like this. In real estate, you don't want to buy reets or you are stuck inside the commercial. I have to make a video on that reets also, you tell me, it's okay, then you have to get into this because you Income tax rebate, interest rates will reduce in future, real estate is running up, maybe some announcements like this will come after the elections, this is a time that you have to be, yes, you will have to take a plane and go there.  You will have to take some trouble to get the Bar Builder Buyer Agreement done, but you cannot earn money without any trouble. You work from morning to evening, you work for 30 days, then you get paid, you work for the whole year. If you get 510 days leave, then you earn money, then what will happen that you have to become a laat saab in real estate investment, where will I go on my own, why won't you go brother, which country has such a place than Delhi, if you live in North India? Maybe we can't reach in two and a half hours, left in two and a half hours, came in two and a half hours, stayed for one night, got our photos taken, got our work done, toured the city, saw places, took photos, stayed for one more day There Now, who will invest like this in India, it is a relative off because when you can do a job somewhere, you can also buy a property somewhere, otherwise who will take care of it? Who will take care of it? Agencies are coming in.  There are many builders, there are listed builders, they have to open their verticals, they will work as property dealers there, they will take rent for 15 days, just like the world takes and will give and take your fares and they will have a department there, so don't miss out. Understand that we will have to follow this thing and if both these things are done then I feel that there will be some control on the prices, otherwise if it runs up too quickly then it will be stagnant for two to three years.  We will see when I tell you the time correction, you will get to see it. Thank you very much.