Hello friends, I want to give an information on Reits, people invest in Reits, Real Estate Investment Trust, I am not making any positive or negative comments about it. These videos are based on a news item which judge is one of the Reits Embassy Group.  What remains is that there are some stakeholders who are mutual funds, two-three of them have raised the objection that it may raise some thousand crores of its own Rs. 3000 crores. These people have been thinking that 'to buy their own' means something, property, so now they are feeling that they are the owners of mutual funds because we can also be owners, you can also be theirs and that is the rule of voting rights, this rule is  It happens that if anything has to be done or money has to be raised, then if 100 people are opposing it, then 150 people are needed to support it. For this thing to go, this is the rule that  Meaning, if one person is voting against it, then one and a half people are needed to vote for him. The government has made very good rules and safety mechanism, but people should know that yes brother, this can also happen, but it is not like this.  That is, in Real Estate Investment Trust, what he is doing is that he is raising money and buying some other things of his own and then how much he will withdraw, you research on this, I have seen many times what happens through my video medium.  Now I am not able to make videos like Dhruv Rathi that from here Shi Shik Shik is a team of 10 people, I am not able to do that work but I still want to make the public aware that there is something like this, study beyond this, write in the comment section crowd.  Let the source of funding be that yes, we also read this, brother, it can happen like this, it can also happen because the reason I am telling you is that now you will get a lot of REITs in the next one, two, three years because a new thing has come out, now 50  Ten million  You can make even up to Rs 500 crore from Rs. 500 crores, you can also make residential ones, so you should know who is managing, what is being done, what is being spent on money, how is he making money. I have always seen practically that in my family.  It is better if you type Reed, take property with your parents or father-in-law or brother-sister, this will also be a Reet, okay, in a small town such a big thing worth 60-70 lakhs is coming 20 20  After spending lakhs, the money was gone in one and a half years, everyone put it in the name of three people, what is the problem, formed your own company, what do you do, you buy real estate, everyone put the money in it, partnership.  You can also sell that partnership, check it, do due diligence, ask a chartered accountant, someone from corporate affairs, although this chartered accountant will not tell you whether it is possible or not.  There is a company, you can transfer your share here and there, you father gives it to me at Rs. 4, now what does that company do, it holds four properties worth Rs. 10 crores, different types of Bhati Mati, so you always do exit entry on valuations.  If you can give it to yourself, then check it. This is all intelligence. Real estate is something which needs to be learned, what can be done in it. It is beyond this and this project. This is the layout that is coming, this is how we will give this much discount, this is how we will do this, this is not a payment plan, no, this is a very, very small level thing, I teach you big level things, if you want to learn, then in the comment section you can find a real estate webinar group.  You will get it, please click on it and you can join it. If you are not already connected with me, then whenever such webinars happen, you can join them. Thank you very much.