Hello friends, at last a report came, finally, I was working hard for 2 years, I was telling people, I got trolled a lot, you people who are following me would also know that I was against commercial, I used to say that there is nothing commercial.  Taking nowhere, taking Daily NCR, Knight Frank's report has recently come and given some figures of 59, which means malls are empty, many things are empty, don't get trapped in commercials, many people get trapped, especially inheritance. Money is earned, isn't it money? Can't money be earned in commercial? Yes, it can be earned but it is like playing future and options in the stock market. The game that a common man plays in future and options in the market is brother's money. Do some traders, do some smart people, do some people earn one and a half or two percent? Yes, they earn, but many people say that I earn, I will teach you how to earn.  By saying that they are earning more money, they make 50 trades in futures and options and out of them, 5, 10, 15 get hit, they give screenshots of them, they create a telegram group, this is a different game, the stock market is going on.  At the end of it you become like wow wow wow wow and keep playing that, money is being lost in it overall but money is being taken for sharing knowledge to new people, play all those games with that money for how long?  Keep playing, then other people will come, if I am in a commercial, suppose I have bought 10 commercials in my life, out of which four of mine have been beaten, three or four are doing average and three or two will be hits, I will come and show only those who will be hits. Look, brothers and sisters, I took this here in 1998. I took this in old times, but it still worked because it was commercial. Today's advice is that it is grossly over supplied. People's taste is not known.  I do n't know about technology, I will get something like J's etc. These days, I have netfx3 through mobile, so I wandered around in the shops, if I was in a mood, I bought something, but people were seen roaming around in other places, most of the malls except one half mall.  Like CBSE Mall, the mall which is always well run will not be sold by the builder, like Emmons Mall is fine and the rest of the brothers are selling it, they have no interest in it, don't buy this, the mall is not a commercial space, no, we will benefit from it. Had taken it in 2004, had taken it at 10, had taken it at 12, must have been beneficial, today I am giving advice for 2024, the landscape is very changing, earlier boys and girls used to go to Coffee Day, used to go to Pizza Hut, used to meet at Loveratri, youngsters are not going.  The old people are not able to go and those in the middle don't have time for life, raise children, do a job, have trouble, sleep and then go, who has time to go commercial? Look at the banks you own. When did you go inside the banks? When did my subscribers last go? There is an elderly section of people who go to get their passbooks updated. Are there any FDs in government banks? Do they go to see their FDs again and again? Other wise, when this  Generation In 5 10 years, when it will not be able to exist or will it exist? The requirement of banks is physical. Today banks are hiring more engineers to manage their back end and server space and technology thing.  Then the front, Kotak was banned because their technology part was not doing well. You must have heard in the news etc. that the bank is becoming very technical oriented. If the bank is available in your mobile, then what do you have to do after going to the bank and ATM?  These days, UPI transactions will become so much that the requirement of ATM will become so low. In my opinion, no bank is increasing the number of ATMs, they are only decreasing, so this is the minimum requirement of the banks.  It is a requirement because what happens is, why am I banking again and again? What happens to the bank is that the bank comes to one place and then all the other things start coming. Okay, because the bank has come there, these things will also be seen reducing in the bank.  The branches that are there will become smaller because less employees will be required and less people will come. You see this in the bank, if suppose Haj people are coming or 100 are coming or only 10 are coming, will make a  What should be the size of difference on key? So I can manage even from a small branch. I am a bank manager, there is a teller, there is a security guard, there are two-three people and one or two of them are on leave, that means I am with seven people.  I will run the branch. Out of them, two people are always on sales, have gone on leave, have gone to open D-mats, are roaming outside, wearing a tie, keep saying, because at any time, not more than five or ten people will come to me. climb up  No, why do I need to keep so much, so I took the example of just one bank. In other things too, people go and try the shoe, look at it, note down the number, come and order it at home, savings of Rs 500000.  Then the matter is becoming very tight because if that much of his goods are not being sold then he will not pay more rent. If he does not pay more rent then the prices will not increase because everything is related to the rent and what happens is there is no  Also, if there is a new office space or commercial or anything new, then what is there in it, it says 1 lakh family staying around, people get very impressed after hearing the story of 1 lakh, then the next launch is also happening there, its also the same.  There are 1 lakh families, now how many of those 1 lakh families will go to them and how much time do the families have, so whenever a commercial comes, be happy that there is someone who is investing so much in something, at least for us.  You will have fun and don't go and buy it. Go there, enjoy, eat, drink, enjoy, do all the work, but there you don't buy, don't buy land, don't buy space. Many people say, Guruji, no, I have to do my work, so I have to buy.  Hey, their advice is also to be asset light because if you want to start your own business, then what place will you buy first because it is possible that your business may not start there but it will do well somewhere else. Where will you buy it when you become mature because what is it with people, this one stool moves, then another one comes, then attention is diverted from that one, we go to that one, we start liking one space better, then we go to another one, people When people are getting a lot of choices, brothers and sisters, then the risk ratio increases and then the matter of timing comes into play because people also enter into the matter of color of the money left and right. What happens in the cycle is that you bought something, then it started working, it got set, then you sold it, but at some point of time, someone or the other gets trapped in it. Now, most of the people I have seen trapped in commercials are those who are called inheritance. Money is roaming around in the lake which has not been earned. No one is investing self-earned money in commercial, it is being invested in residential but you have bought some asset and got a lot of profit in it. You had bought a shop somewhere.  For how much was it sold, then your experience of the shop was very good, then you say that you can buy a house from the shop, you have made up some proverbs, all the proverbs have an expiry date, they are not valid for all the times, it will start in 2025 next.  If 24 years are going on then be very careful do not invest in any kind of commercial and if the need comes to do so then there are rules of commercial which are made in the office.  They are running spaces which are at a very good level and there is rental income and there is no construction risk, there is no execution risk because they can put 90% of their construction space which has been constructed and the position has been done there and they can give you more rent than that.  Even if they give it at Rs 90, then see why don't I buy stake in 25 different projects in five cities instead of taking one commercial, through rights that is better if  I have to play commercial only. In the coming time, soon after the elections, the policy has already been made. Reits worth Rs 50 crore to Rs 500 crore are coming in the residential sector, so they will also do well. Rental price will be like dividend at Rs 45. And apart from that there will also be capital appreciation and you will get that 100% food, clothing and housing items. The number of commercial comes very late because how people  I buy it in case I need more warehouse space because I need something in my home. Within Gurgaon, if I think of something in my mind that I need, then it comes to my home in 15 to 20 minutes, within 25 minutes.  She goes to the shop, why should I go to the shop, does anyone need things like pencil eraser, they also come so quickly, brother, yes, they will be kept, I don't know, it is kept in someone's basement, it is coming from somewhere else, where is it coming from the shop to me?  What to do, these are mom and pop stores, they will also struggle in the physical space in the coming time. There is one thing in big cities, this can be completely avoided. Those who have bought off-course will feel very bad, what are you spreading? Our rates are there and it will bring everything down, but this is what people have said about the plots, I will not be surprised by one thing, it has already been done in many places in Gurgaon, the square feet on residential is coster than commercial.  It may sound very strange but it has happened in many places, it has happened in many places and you will see in the future and I am predicting that in the coming time, you will see many of the commercial spaces that have been razed getting converted into residential, but it will be a big surprise to hear this. You see, a stage will come when all that will be broken and something like this will be formed, the government has to change the land use, has to take money, that will happen, you will see wasteful lunches everywhere.  This could be possible if the people there come together and decide because it is not working, especially if they are doing it, especially when you look at the area, these SCO plots are lying scattered at so many places, I don't think they are going anywhere.  They are in Gurgaon because there is no space for car parking. Till date, no one has calculated that all the plots for cars parked here have been cut. Who will allow you to park your car on Dwarka Expressway? When the shopping experience is not the same, yours is good.  Hey brother, if you are making an office there, are making a shop or are doing something, then you definitely need a place to park the vehicles. How many builders have made it, how many have been made, check it whenever all the works are done, then you will know the rate. I believe it is two and a half.  It was Rs 3 lakh and it has increased by Rs 4.5 lakh 5 lakh. I am not denying that the rates have not increased. In India, rates also increase for garbage, even for scrap. There is no issue of rates in India.  No, the question is whether I will buy that thing after doing due diligence, then yes, commercial people will take exposure in it, they can play the game of 5, 10, 20 crores, but the one who is getting the money in inheritance and directly invests it in the child that I will get %.  If it goes away then your basic income will also be reduced. I am trying to tell you that be very pragmatic. Now that the report has come, please read the report as well. Thank you very much.