Hello friends, I want to tell you about Stilt Plus 4. Press note which has been issued, construction of Stilt Plus four floors will be allowed in residential plots located in colonia sectors whose layout plan is approved with four residential units per plot. Read in Hindi  I am feeling scared, so I read the lines and then I will try to explain. Second A +. Permission for construction of 4 floors will also be given in already licensed DDJ colony if there are four residents per plot.  If the service plan for the works is approved, then it is modified, that is, see it thickly, and the third line ahead is of 10 meter road, so understand in short and crisp, whatever DDJY plots were there, where the matter was initially of four floors.  There will be four floors continuously. Brothers and sisters, the criteria of 10 meter road has become because why did people use the criterion of 10 meter road because in Hooda and all these colonies there are mostly 9 meter roads, so nine  More than 10 meters of road has been covered, after that she goes to PDR and gets more confused. If the matter is fine then thick soil, we will see about it. Thick soil, thick soil should be more than 10 meters of road. One thing should come out in front of your house.  It is fine now, and wherever Deendayal was, what will be the ripper cushion beyond that? The supply in the market is still not increasing much. The supply in the market is still not increasing much and this is my decision which  Just now I am getting to know about the rough meaning, it is quite fair and seems fine to me, the rates of Deendayal will increase, it is okay for the plots because now the stamp has been put on it that brother, when it was launched, there were four, those who were heard, there were four.  You can make it because it was initially modified in the map and you must have put the services in that way, then today the rates of plots in Godre Sonipat have increased from Rs 5 to Rs 7000 due to this decision. If you have made it then it is very good, I said that because  I immediately remembered that, it is okay, Godrej of Kurukshetra, yours have increased, your Deendayal's Jha case is also here, okay, there is a plot in front of AIIMS, brother, that too has increased by Rs 5,000, okay, and who is sitting with a plot somewhere in his gold.  Those plots have also increased and the ones which are on 12 meter roads because roads are not 10 meter roads, my house is 9 meters and then it is 12 meters, so these are the 12 meter plots where they are built. Where it will be allowed, these can also be increased, the rest will be discussed as the details come, beyond that, analysis will be done as to how much supply is there, but it is a fact that the decision has come today and even tomorrow if we start building houses in these Brothers and sisters, no one is coming to the inventory market before two to two and a half years because it is raining now, then there will be pollution on Diwali, laborers will go away on Chhath Puja.  Those gram norms will remain for two-three months, anyway till February nothing is happening, so now people will see and understand the decision, rough initial trends will come, deals of plots will be seen in a month, some trend will be seen, right now we can only speculate.  This will happen here, that will happen, it will happen like this, you can guess, I have set some rates somewhere, my job is to increase the rates, remember, many people get irritated with me because of this, I am Rakesh.  Jhunjhunwala ji's model is the same for me, I am bullish, I have to increase the rate, you have taken it, it is very good, you want to take it, it is very good, I do not do any reducing work, I will definitely put reducing pressure, I can also speak against the builder and against the system. I can speak and show general displeasure, but the point is that we have to cross the limits, we have to increase the rate gradually, okay, it is clear to me, be it from Gurgaon or Haryana, whatever it may be, because this  Asset, some day I will also teach economics, normally I teach on Clarity for Youth, but now the rest of us do not teach economics much, they all talk like this about real estate, so I will teach what I want with some flavor of webinar.  I will give you people that why I am like this and why I am telling all others, there is a solid economic reasoning behind it. If you want that video then economic reasoning is there.  Write to ER and tell me, this is good news for many people who are sitting on 9 meters, there will be no noise next to their houses, no construction will be done on 9 meter road, so people can sit peacefully because many people  There were also people against it, so I think that the government has done a good job, it has not caused much harm to anyone and it means the public, because the public had a divided opinion on this, when the voting took place that someone was saying one thing and someone else was saying something else.  Saying  So I feel that all the stakeholders should be satisfied. According to me, is there any resentment or is there something else or you have a different understanding. Look, I am refreshed now, the mobile page is so small that even in reading, the meaning is the same, isn't it?  That you should write such good Hindi in Hindi or if you had written English it would have been even better and that would have been done but right now the trend is to understand something better. If you have understood something better then write it in the comment section then it is good news.  Atlist was a hangover, it is done, it has come, it is very good for real estate so that means otherwise the sword was hanging, what to do, what to do, now some economic activity will increase Rohtak Jind Hisar Fatehabad Sirsa, now there will be some activity, these children  There too they make and sell floor balls, if there is some system then there is some economic activity, the kiln was sitting at a standstill, the matter was kept then there is some economic activity.  Plot plot will increase, someone will sell, someone will buy, there will be some activity, it is good, it is good for the economy, it is good for the economy of Haryana, it is good for the GDP of Haryana, and no one else, the decision has been taken in the run up to the elections, otherwise this decision is such a rocket.  There was no science and it took one and a half year, this decision could have been taken a year earlier also, I am telling this, only Khattar ji could have taken it, it is not that Naib Saini ji had to wait and  Finally, if the credit for this is going to any politician, then in the meeting that was held, it is the MP of his Faridabad, Gurjar ji who raised that brother, do this, it is good that some leader is connected to the land because this problem is in Gurgaon Faridabad.  There are more off-courses in it, so thanks to him too that whatever meeting of BJP was related to politics, he said, brother, he raised this issue and it is a good thing that  We should also raise the issues in such a way that any grassroots leader would listen to them and go to a meeting and tell them and the decision would be taken within a week. Then in the same meeting, Naib Singh Saini Sahib said that yes, we will do so within a week.  We will do it no problem and if it is done in a week then it is a good thing, but why do we have to wait for elections? Cleaning Gurgaon by imposing Disaster Management Act first created a disaster.  10 years later, now you are doing it under the management act, now you don't understand, praise or criticize, but keep saying, whoever is doing good work, my job is not to spread positivity, brother is giving, get well, you are doing good, do anything good.  You are clapping it, no problem, okay, you will do good work now, that is from Bandhwa, we will do it to NTPC, we will do it, we will do all the songs of the wedding, Sache na hua karte, hume haryana mein bera hai, woh bayah ho jaa  And true songs came out - We will wait but if you want to do it, then brother, you could have done it six months or a year ago, but now what do you do before the elections, if you had done it, then we would have given you this one, which is this one, which is now, this one then.  By giving it, now what is the matter in the air, but come on, still the matter of plus four will be confirmed here and clarity has come on this. Those who want to loot the plot, take it. Big meter roads are seen increasing.  are from 10 At Rs 15, because you can make an extra floor, it will not increase till Rs 33, everyone takes some margin, but at Rs 10 to Rs 15, it is certain that the rate will increase across Haryana. Whatever rate was there today, it will be Rs 10 to Rs 15 in the next 10 to 15 days.  If it increases, then whoever wants to take his plot by jumping, has to do it with great effort, till the time this word spreads, if you understand it enough, then do it as your own and whatever you were sitting with.  Brother, then you know, at 15, I told you, Guruji from Gurugram, at 15, if your yard was worth lakhs of rupees in some city, then it has become 000 yards, okay if you have seen this video, it is okay if yours is 12 meters above the road.  And for those who were sitting with Deendayal, clapping is a good thing because you already had it. Like the channel and subscribe. If you want to take membership of the channel, there is a lot of content to learn on it.  There are many reviews of many projects, so you can enjoy those videos by taking membership of the channel by pressing the join button, thank you very much, like it and put all the information in the comment section immediately, knock immediately, thank you.