Hello friends, this is a very important topic, there are many questions on it, tax on parking in affordable housing, if you want to know about this then please watch the video carefully, there are some awkward videos like this, it will not make any sense for me too, write this note right here.  Still, to give a little hint to the public to understand, I want to tell you some things and in the middle of this video, I want you to reach out to the government employees, official scenery officers and also politicians.  I want to reach out to those who know and recognize all these things. It is not that my reaching out has not made an impact. Those who have been following me for two and a half years, videos have been made earlier also, you know they have made a difference.  It was read positively and the advisor was taken and those who have been following for two and a half years know this but this video will also make a difference, your sharing will make more difference with the people now, listen and talk as per the parking of affordable housing, let's talk to the government. According to Bhai, it is worth 1.25 lakh rupees, but for how much, you all also know, Bhai Sahib, someone can buy a lesson for three lakhs, three lakhs and a half lakhs, like a dark account, everyone knows, now if you ask Guruji, Guruji.  It's like asking, Guruji, if I go to get a slip in the exam, what will a person say if I cheat? You should not do that. Then everyone takes a slip in the exam and everyone cheats. Nothing happens to anyone.  And after that, the person who gave the advice that do not take the slip, eats the code and if someone gives the advice that yes, take everything, the world is a caste, the world is a caste, the world is doing something wrong with you, then he takes it out.  Lal ji gives me who is the promoter, he says brother, I will send it for 3 lakhs, whatever is the rate, I will tell you what is wrong and I am neither from the government nor from the general public, I am from the builder's side, I am an independent person.  thinking I am telling the analysts what is wrong with it, what is wrong with it, the parking rate of Rs. 1 lakh, which is the travel rate, is a wrong rate, it has been set wrong, these poor people are taking the parking tax, oh brother, tell me, this flat is less.  It is cheap, you are paying Rs 25 lakhs, you are paying tax of Rs 26 lakhs for parking, the land is being occupied by that much, they are opening the parking too, so the land is taking the same tax, the power society is also charging the same amount and so on. in this one too  If you are charging that much, then you question that the rate itself is wrong and I am going to give a logical suggestion, as much as anyone agrees, tell me this question, your rate should be increased to a realistic rate of Rs 3 lakh so that these 3:  30 3:45 4:30 Whatever scan type is going on till five, it should be banded and it should be attacked with drop lot, at this time, parking brother, you spend your edition money.  Pay extra as per 10% tax on parking and you will be alerted there about the tax on parking. This will not be a private limited because I feel that the question is that it is your official thing, it is running in black or there is no figure of it. Can do anything and then I am most interested in this brother, the story is not like that in a parking lot, two people, three people are killed in the middle, is anyone checking its accounts, whether and when will its rules be saved, then someone should check to find out the rules.  Government Look into tax parking and tax parking, it is a good thing, no one is following the advice, if you get tax parking, then now I will do some calculations and tell you after doing some calculations, you have bought tax for 3 lakhs.  If we buy parking or tax, then we go with two figures because there is a game going on between three and tax in the market. If I bought Rs 3 lakh and taxed it, then after 4 years and 5 years, after buying the parking, my position will be reduced.  ₹ 2000 rent came extra because of the man's ability to bear the tax, so if I can pay 24000 rupees from 3 lakhs then it is 8% on my investment and if I bought even after tax and only 2 thousand came, I am running on it. Please note that this is ₹  After 4 years in 2000, I am saying to people, don't look at it as per today's value, even after 4 years, the value of 2000 is still less, you know due to inflation. 6  If it is 60% then if you hit within that then the value of today's Rs 2000 will be equal to today's Rs 1314. After 4 years it is ok then it is an investment opportunity. If I do it in 3 to 4 years then I will take 6 to 8%, then it will be calculated according to mathematics.  If you look at it logically then it is fine but according to the rules and regulations what works is that you should not be cheated, you should not get messed up, you should not be made a fool of that paper.  This is not right, what is the thing you are writing on and giving it to you, what is its meaning, what are its rules, here is the gray area, this is the gray area here, my mother, my request to the government is to please make a realistic figure because when you ask a question, your figure will be made.  Brother, that is not realistic, see how many people will be like this, no no, give a free card of Rs 25000 and you are with their builder, listen brother, when you question your figure, people will 4:30  Will sell even for lakhs and nothing else can be uprooted, you can make the figure of 3 lakhs and 3 lakhs will not go to one rupee, only 3 lakhs will go, only ₹ 3 lakhs will go and link it with the draw and the allotment decision will be taken on the spot.  No one can do anything wrong, even the builder ca n't cry too much. There is a little profit for the builder of Rs 3 lakh, which I have calculated, there is no loss on Rs 1 lakh, there is definitely a loss on Rs 1 lakh, so do some kind of calculation.  Friend, look at the rate of land, what is the land tax? Grab an auto, you will get it in a small car, it is fine in the market too, Nano will be a bunny band, Grab an auto, grab an auto, Nano auto also needs eight yards of land, brother 5  It is 5 feet wide, 5 feet is a few inches, if you make it 5 feet then you need 6 feet space from the door to open, 6 feet in this length too, you need 11-12 feet space to stand, so if you calculate that So 11 yards of land is needed or 99, then this is the list. If Honda City is parked here and Creta is made longer, then I do n't know how much space it needs, then this one thing is included in it, which is free parking for two wheelers. According to me, polish them, take out parking in its place, take out some covered and take out some open ones, you can give 3.5 lakhs to the covered one, you can give 2.5 lakhs to the open one, so that an average of three lakhs.  The reason is that one has to pay for the scooter, according to the free scooter, divide the parking in half and remove the parking from that half, he will get 50% covered parking and the remaining 50 will be open. How did you guys think of the idea, will you guys do this? But then it is not black, it can be done very expensive but in my opinion the figure of 2.5 lakh to 3:30 lakh for covered and uncovered is fine, the builder will get profit in 3 lakh. Definitely, he will get some profit because till he does not get profit, he will keep playing the game and in this matter, I want to tell the government about a product which should come in Gurgaon in the coming time and what is missing, I want the support of the public and that product.  I don't have it yet, I want to introduce it in the market because affordable housing is getting exhausted because there is not much back in it and even the commercial one which the builder was in the middle of.  There is a shop worth Rs 40-50 lakhs, that is not a workout, our Jason told us, take the blame or whatever, but the fact is that it is a camera worth Rs 600000 which is being sold in a shop worth Rs 60 lakhs. Its actual price is Rs 6-7 lakhs honey.  Want to buy a beach for 10 lakhs, beat your hands but it is being sold for 7 lakhs because there are not that many shops, they are rooms, they are not shops, the story does not work by picking up the shops but everyone knows this. They are among the buyers, it is okay to buy whatever is going on, as long as it is going on, it is fine, but when they do the calculations, when the bank is ready, then they will know what figure I was giving. It is better than this, so I am working at those places.  Make parking between the buildings by making up and down parking. Make a small tax of Rs. 3-3-4-4 lakhs between the buildings and make the parking. Is it more practical or give a better idea to the builder then make the parking and make the car.  but car's take builder  I am also giving the idea to others because you will build 600 shops. They will not see your 600 shops. If a builder goes to a project, then Bhaiya Bikini Shakti should take out some rates because awareness is coming among the people. Will I take the shop? Will I open 600 shops?  Lee, you have 600, 600 shops inside a society. Can you believe it? These big societies are so expensive, there are expensive societies. There are five shops, six shops, eight shops, 10 shops.  Grocery's new trailer, weller, some food items, bread, eggs, milk, that much is needed, a shop on 80 flat top, like this good shop, also on this like very good and good shop, lotus planted, even people do not have it on 60 flat top. Shop is like luxury but de residence's yes, I have the choice, get eggs cooked from here, buy bread from here, do it away from here, get the choice, caste is 60 in 60, you are in one and if  Brother, if the ratio is 6:1, then what is there? Video and tax. Buy parking. If you take care of your safety, there is no benefit in becoming an active waste here. Simply tell the government that this is also happening. You tell me what to do because if you say too much then it will speak.  Don't buy Terraco, it is a problem, don't pay three lakh rupees for a new one, but you have benefit in buying the address. Now I have calculated and told you that ₹ 2000 will make a difference in the rent, won't it?  There will be no difference in the parking with tax of ₹ 2000. Tell me, either tell me that the rent is not ₹ 2000, but not ₹ 2000. After four-five years from today, he will pay ₹ 2000. If he has tax on parking, then you will get 6 to 8%.  There is a return and it will also move forward in the coming time, but in the process, I feel that there is something wrong in it. Brother, ask the builder of Kant government, how many people will be born later, they are parking the tax.  In the beginning it is written inside the RERA map, how much is the parking, then do trophy timing for it, if you are not interested in it, many a times you would turn a blind eye then do it, now the affordable housing back has gone down, the upcoming 345 is some girl.  I don't know whether they will come or not but if they come then implement it now and do the rest with some transparency. I also want to accept the idea. Please send a batch of Rs 3 lakh at the judge rate.  How do you like the idea of ​​2.5 lakhs open and 3.5 lakhs internal tax? It can be 25-30 thousand more or less. If you are more interested, you will argue for a personal matter, make it for 2 lakhs, everything can make a slight difference. You can do that by sitting and defending on location builder and if the situation is fine then please join the awareness group which you will find in the comment area because there you can talk openly, it is okay, not openly everywhere. Kari Ja Shakti Par Vativer reasons are fine but it can be explained a little better. Thank you very match.