Hello friends A Pickler Case of Gurgaon Real Estate Market Why I am using this word picker because I recently made a video when I took the names of three-four projects, I said if anyone wants to sell then tell me if anyone wants to buy.  Tell me ok and people contacted on the number 95 people and buyers the seller is only on 5 and later on that 5 also I checked the result and there was no silence to sell  No one is ready, it's a picky case, many people feel that the run up in the primary market has become too much, then the secondary market is also rising and I make a challenge and you write to me in your comment section about your project.  Tell me the name of and you tell me whether I have a seller or a seller ready to give so on, there is no deal happening, it's very sad, it's sad, there is a lot of resale deal, what is called, someone is in urgent need.  Or he wants to sell, this is what is happening inside the market and it is very very pickler, now if you see people, not many fresh launches are coming in Gurgaon in the last six months, not many launches have come, now the government has not come. And it is election time too, so the off-course comes a little from that, but the names of the upcoming products that we have heard, seen and understood, the rates are at a different level than 20000 square feet.  At some places it is more. Recently, it is a listed player. It is the number two company in real estate in India. Probably, it is okay that they have acquired two land parcels, one of 550 crores, one of two acres, maybe some three acres, small means 100 crores.  The price of above acre has gone up to Rs 100-11 crore. They have taken it in the auction. Okay, if the acre goes up to Rs 100.25 crore, then the goods that will be made on it. Just think at what rate will it come out because the builder should also earn profit, he will have luxury, ultra luxury, although he will do magic, people don't know, they will build one tower and two towers because now that is another thing, now niche products will come in very mature markets like golf course road.  But nothing has ever happened since so many years, so you will find middle like it will also come near Hooda City Centre. Another name change player has expensive goods in quarter four.  Will go for resale. If someone is selling something in the market, then take one more update. Recently there is another listed player whose product has just launched a new tower and some towers. A lot of goods have been sold. Yes, some are left, good units are left.  But the release of so many units at such a price shows genuine demand. Only one thing is that that FOMO thing is not helpful. People can understand it by seeing it, they can sit and watch it satisfactorily, it is not so.  Is it that he has just left, just like he says, go for darshan and there is a crowd and that Pandit ji keeps saying hurry up, next next next, if he is not there, then you need to understand with some peace, it is time to think that we are here again.  Good times and take it after thinking about it, whatever inventory is there, I am saying this, find out the rates today, you will get higher rates in Navratri, there are still 10-12 days, after that then Shraddha.  The time of Pitru Paksha will start, which will be a time of 15 days, Fort Night, after that you have Navratri and then there are the results of elections, then you will again see things being created which will be called I will not use the word frenzy, frenzy is quite.  An extreme term but whatever happens below that, we will look at it and then we will see a bullish niche in the market and I will also tell you the time from 15-20 October.  You will see a lot of bullishness till December. You will see it again inside the market. And still there is a lot of bullishness but it is quiet because no one is shutting over the roof. I am just asking you to do your homework. All of you try to check by pretending to be buyers.  Check whether anyone is ready to sell something or not and I have an open offer again because there will be some sellers. I had 5 sellers come to me. If you want to sell something in a good project in a good project then you can contact.  The genuine price which is the market price will be explained to you and you will be told that brother, there are many people who are sellers in resale and are sitting with very unrealistic expectations. I would like to guide them with one basic thing that you should consider the price of the new builder.  Can't match in resale because your money has gone at 60-70 and there he is getting a little easy payment plan, there he will pay the money in 5 years, here at 6 8 10 12  If you have to pay in 14 months, then you cannot command that much price. You will have to calculate the interest by just doing p * r * t / 100 and reduce the interest a little that your principal which you are taking now and he is not paying there.  The only difference is that in which of the other rate projects you are running, what rate weight is going on, if you want to know about it, then in short videos I will tell you that according to the current time and date, whether it is going on time and  This rate is approximately going on and my guess is that it will go up to here and what should you do strategically, if they want then those videos will be made, you must write in the comment section, like the channel, subscribe and share.  Do it and if you want to take membership of the channel because a lot of good content has been posted on it, reviews of many projects have been posted exactly, then you can go and see that also and take membership of the channel.  You are also added to a special group where the opportunity is told first. First of all, after a stage in the market, everyone comes to know, but in the beginning, hot oil pakodas, whatever the opportunity is, whether it is in the resale market.  Whether it is of primary market or market of any other city, then you will get some benefit in it. If you take membership, you will also get the link of membership in the comment section. Those who have Android, they will get the join button.  You will be able to take membership of the channel by pressing the join button. Thank you very much.