Hello friends, many queries come from the subscribers about these two places. According to me, you should not buy real estate right now. These are the names of both the places. First of all Ayodhya ji is in Ayodhya and second is Goa. Let us discuss both of them. First of all Ayodhya ji.  They pay too much, they might have got off-course benefits but now there is a lot of run up as far as tourist data is concerned, I don't make it political because nowadays elections.  Now you are going through Google 2 yourself, it is always over the edge in such a place, it is so much that sometimes they overdo it, okay, and what about a tourist place, what is the biggest thing about a tourist? Tourists will come and go, no tourist settles down and the same thing is for Goa. Local politics in Goa will also not sustain the real estate there in the future because there have been too many outsiders. This air bnb is being built again and again.  Air BnB has become so much that it is no longer sustainable because there are so many hotels that you can't go and stay in Air BnB on a long vacation because cooking, your own services etc. are required in Air BnB.  Swimming pool facilities are not entertainment facilities normally, they are not very close to you when now the people who want to go in the future are youngsters and leisure.  He wants to go for that, he wants to go for his peace and comfort, he is not a budget traveller, earlier people used to take all these things as a family but now it has become too much and too many flats are being built.  I am saying this because every day since I also work in real estate, I get pressure from there every day that yes, promote the project there, promote Air BnB, there is a lot of pressure there, it means a lot there.  If the matter is coming up then I will only give a guidance where there is no end result because tomorrow when Lakshmideep gets developed and becomes of Nde Mani Cobar then there will be a lot of choices in India itself plus Goa is very very expensive and you agree with me.  Please type yes, traveling to Thailand is cheaper in a five star and air tickets are available daily than what Goa is, so one is tempted to travel abroad too, so there is a lot of money there.  The spaces have become crowded, the beaches have become very crowded, the properties which are equivalent to five star hotels have become very expensive, in general the entire ecosystem is expensive, right from the taxes, there they say that when their tourists come, then a  There is that feeling that there is too much of that and the North Indians have also reached a lot, I am also telling this that I am talking more about the North Indians only, a lot of property has been taken speculatively. If you are watching my video then please do write in the comment section that what else do you have to add in Phenomena? What are you watching? Gonas are themselves fed up.  Are you going to Bhar or somewhere else? Okay, so this one is a I will say risk reward ratio is not favorable extreme supply and  No one will ever stay in Goa, it will never be permanent. How much tourism can happen, people feel like coming. Most of the time, July, August, September, humidity is there, April, May, June is very hot. You can see right now when the video is being shot.  There are a lot of those in the season that comes in the month of December, January is the peak and you add November and February, just brother, it is a program of four months, after that there is not much, there is over supply, the occupancy rates will be low, many people come and do their calculations.  Of course, those who have to sell will show theirs and that calculation is fine for them because simple things, if the rate has almost doubled from the rate at which they bought the thing, then whatever returns will be there will automatically be halved. Then the risk reward ratio is favorable otherwise please spread this video and do not invest in any kind of these properties in these two places. Advice on property is currently being given till May 2024. Don't do it in future. Mark this video and you will see the returns. There is gross over supply. Somewhere it will not be able to be resold and somewhere else nothing can be done better than that. So if anyone of yours  If you want to do commercial work, if you want to do it somewhere here and there, then do it as per the rental yield issue, then check it. However, there are many other places too where the fare is Rs. 7.  Rental yield is available in residential. I will keep bringing value for money to the city. At the end of the time, give food, clothes and house. These are the basic three businesses. Catch those who run around. In residential, a person needs to sleep at night.  There is no idea how much supply there is of tourist places. A lot is being done in Dekha Dekha, so please be careful about it in the comment section. Real Estate Webinar Info Group  If you want to join then you can join in the comment section. Thank you very much.