Hello friends, do not buy this product in Gurgaon real estate, I get big queries, so today I made a video, but there is no need to forward this video, so I did not even write on the topic, what is this because in reality I will kick someone in the stomach.  There is no need to kill, to tell only those people who are connected, who understand, this work has to be done with great responsibility. It is a very thin balance. Come here and raise your voice and become a social reformer. Oh my brother!  Look, I am doing great good, fools do this, there is no benefit, no one does any good to anyone, they can definitely do other things, so this is a product, it is Affordable Housing Shops Affordable Housing Shops 42 Lakh 40 Lakh 45 48 50 40  It is being sold between Rs. 52 lakhs in different places, no need to buy anywhere in Gurgaon, no need to buy any on this message.  There is no need to spread the message, why there is no need, because this is the profit of the builder, if his shops are not sold, he will not make profit, then why will he build the work, so I am telling you with responsibility, there are very few people who  This is how everyone makes videos here, it means that I am the Batman, I am the Superman, I am the only one for you, otherwise the government has increased the market from 4 to 8 to sell commercials, but why not you?  Buying because the ratio of shops to flats which is generally seen in normal societies is 1:8. Historically, there was one shop for 80 flats, so if there are 800 flats then there should be 10 shops. This is a good ratio. It is fine, but if  If there are a little more shops, people used to accept even 1:6 from the lets, saying that it is okay, it is 900 flats, if you build 15 shops then it will be 900 flats.  If there are 15 shops, then Rs. 60 will be taken out from the house because ultimately it has to be released. If someone is buying that shop at some rate, then it will have a rental value after purchasing it. If he is also operating it himself, then there would be an opportunity cost.  Okay, how much am I buying? I have to sell some vegetables, I have to cut hair, okay, I have to sell some eggs, bread, I have to sell some groceries, I have to work as a tailor.  If I want to do anything like this, then I have some income, I have some sales, I have some profit from the sale, with the profit I can pay the rent of the shop, okay, so they back the rent of the shop from it, here it is affordable.  Can you people believe it, I mean no, will it not be needed here, people will not talk about math, the ratio is 1:6, the ratio is 1:5, it turned out to be an affordable one, 183 in 106 sector.  How many shops and flats are there? 1100 flats, 1000 or 1100 flats and 183 shops. Wherever these shops are coming up, you ask, how many flats, how many shops, the ratio is 1:5, 1:6, 17, 1:8, 1:9, I am saying.  I am 1:0 ideal, you can go upto 60, if you go below 150 then that value is nothing in the shop.  If you because the sales of the shop cannot be that much and the profit is only on the sales of 10 15 20 25, you know, try any calculation and the people who are living here in affordable housing, they will have the rent.  Well, he is not that extremely rich, and secondly, he is not sitting at the same shops for shopping. These days, your friend brings everything from Zomato to his home, so what does he need from the same shop anyway?  Everything will be brought to his house in the same way, he can bring it from somewhere else and if he is also taking it from that shop like a hair cutting shop, then it is okay, let us take it from the barber shop, then let's go.  Those who will pass will go to that one but perhaps not all of them will go beyond that but even if all go then do some math and see how many shops are there, how will they run, how much rent will they pay because so many shops have come up and out of them six-seven are worth the property.  Will you not sit with me if you have hired me?  Even if a person sits with a property shop, then do the math friend, what kind of shops will there be, how much work will be done, 150 can go down to 1:4, if you are very depressed, no, I want commercial only, but where 1:6 is.  Just think there, my friend, even Rs. 000 will be spent on six houses and on your shop. Now, no, will people from outside also come? Will only people from the society come? Well, this is the affordable housing at the bottom of the pyramid.  The people of their society who will come do not have a shop in their society. Will it ever happen that a couple in Gurgaon will wake up in the morning and say darling, today we will go to have breakfast in shop number 63 of Affordable Housing in Sector 83. It will be a very nice outing. Will the complexion be made Affordable Housing?  My heart becomes happy, Hey brother, you will go, some will go to cyber hub, some will go to established mall, some will go to watch a movie, some will go to some decent place, some will go to affordable housing.  Few people have to come to the affordable housing shop. No one is ever going to come. You can say that it is a facility and shops have been built for the people living there. It is a good thing but the shop as an investment is not good, it will remain beaten up is the message.  Better than that, you should buy affordable housing only, or buy that one in resale only. If you buy it in resale also, then that share shot in affordable housing of 2-3 BH will cost you Rs. 20.  2. He is paying Rs 25000 rent and the shop will not give. The shop may remain vacant. The flat of the affordable one will not remain vacant. The position for which the position has been made, assume that the position for an affordable housing has been made for six months because the position is being made slowly for six months. Affordable housing in Gurgaon in which the position has been held for six months. If any flat is vacant, please tell me the name of the society for rent that you have been living in for one and a half years.  And people do not keep coming here, no, it is not so, but go to the shops and check whether the rent is available. Do you want to buy a shop? Go and check the math that I have told you, whether this math is correct or not.  Don't buy it, don't buy it in affordable housing. Anyway, I keep on forbidding, but now I am not refusing much because the whole lobby is mine and builders are sitting, why should I go and spread so much awareness that I will spoil people's stomachs.  One should not give so much knowledge and I never show any hypocrisy. There is a lot of credibility here for being a social reformer. In the market, many people listen to you, not people listen to you, builders also listen to you, top consultants also listen to you, you yourself are a top consultant.  If yes, then the responsibility increases, brother, you have to bat in every way, do n't you come to the market just like that and indulge in it because you need things in every way, but I was coming too much for something that is related to me, so I told you it is affordable.  Do not buy from any shop, anywhere else. Before buying, check the calculation given by me, whether it is working or not. You will spend Rs 15000 on one shop, even if the ratio is 1:6, it will still be Rs 90000.  Sales of Rs. 90000, if sales are worth Rs. 90000, then his profit will be Rs. 25300, how will he pay your rent of Rs. 18-20 Rs. What is it and how will you give it? Do the calculations yourself. What is he selling? Stationary is selling anything. Do the calculations. Check the ratio. Every person from any society is not going to accept anyone from outside. Even commercial ones are being sold everywhere.  There are shops everywhere and they are selling, so there is a lot of supply. If you want to see its calculation, look inside the HUDA sectors. There are big sectors on every floor. There are three to four floors built everywhere and there  The population is so much and when you count the shops there and do the ratio, only then those shops run so much, then you think that commercial is like this everywhere else, look at the ratio, in Hooda sector the ratio is 1,150, Hooda is 1,200.  In the sector, there are 200 floors on one shop, the house is not speaking because every house has three or four floors, if we do the ratio of floors then there are 50 houses, 50 houses.  But a shop was set up, whatever was set up, there were 50 houses, today there are 150 floors, there are three and in many places there are even four, so the work is going well there, the work is going on absolutely well, but there it is going well.  So the rate is also good, the rate is not cheap but I am saying again and again about affordable housing, you do not need to buy it at all but there is no need to spread this video because if it goes viral then no one will buy.  so builders What incentive will they get if they get kicked in the stomach? There is a little danger in making it because many people have already bought it. It is good but there is no need to buy any more. There is no need to buy in resale.  There is no need to buy even a car, you cannot consider it as a normal shop, the affordable one has only a room and not a shop, it would be better in my opinion that the builder would have sold the covered car parking for 6 to 8 lakhs instead and would have given it in a smaller size as per the car.  Tax If it is done like this then it is better because that car parking needs covered car parking. Okay, he can do that kind of thing or can give it on rent. Okay, if this shop was so good, so much space would have been taken out, then the builder would have done it.  He would have kept the whole thing and would have rented it out. Why is he selling it? It is absolutely grossly overpriced. According to me, if you ask, it is Rs 12 to 15 lakh in this quantity and this is at least four times the price. So this much mismatch is so much mismatch, if it is 12 to 15, then you can say, okay friend, if I get 8 Haj then I will get the rent, I will get this much and if I get this much, then it is okay, I am getting 6 Haj but he is getting it.  But the calculation of 45-50 lakhs cannot be done anywhere. That much business cannot be done from anywhere. Do reverse engineering from anywhere. If you are okay then please do not share this. It is okay by subscribing to the channel.  If you are watching the video, do not share it, subscribe it and those who have not joined the group of Real Estate Info Webinar which I conduct, where I do a little more calculations and clear your doubts one on one, then you You can join it at the top of the comment section. If you want to take membership of the channel, where you will also get access to real estate workshop and you will not have to pay separately, then you can get gold membership by pressing the join button here. can also take