Hello friends, today we will discuss the maintenance in a high rise society or the new condos as they are called in English, which is the new world going on these days. HiFi societies are being built in which the maintenance will go up to Rs. 5. Luxury, ultra luxury can even go up to Rs. 88 in many cases.  And according to the super area, suppose your flat is 2000 square feet, then your maintenance will be Rs 12,14,000, in many cases it will be around 4,5000 square feet.  Have lived there and if you put 8, then you may have to pay ₹ Haj for the maintenance of your own house, which is a very luxurious flat, so we will discuss about it because it pinches many people, if it pinches you, then pause the video here.  By doing this you can write PINCH so that I can get the idea that he pinches the people in the audience. Okay, so you have done that he pinches everyone. Now let's move ahead. If he pinches you then watch this video.  I would like to tell you through this that you should not pinch because if you want to live in a good place, what is happening people are becoming penny wise pound fools, I am also seeing something in Gurgaon, I will also tell you with examples, it will be a very easy learning video. Seeing it peacefully will complete the learning. I want to say what the poet is trying to say because this is how people do it. Maintenance is a bar for getting something particular, not getting something particular.  Kind of people and only getting some particular kind of people may sound a bit classist but it is very important it is as if someone sees normal society also ₹ to ₹ to sabhi leti hai ti and ₹ mein ₹ wala what is the difference  If you have to pay Rs. 000 more for 2000 square feet, then you are paying Rs. 4000 more i.e. you are paying Rs. 0000 extra per year for maintenance, which I think.  People's lives will cost Rs 50,000 extra. I am saying that giving total maintenance is also costing their lives. If 50,000 extra will cost even more then that 50,000 will be spent even if you give it for 10 years then it will be ₹ lakh. But the difference in capital appreciation of the society which is well maintained. Which is there becomes more than 20 30 40 lakhs between two societies which are old  So there is a big difference, let me explain it again with the help of an example. There is a society in Dwarka which was handed over in the late 90's where the flats were priced at Rs 6 to Rs 8 lakh. There were single digit flats which were bought by some and some had bought them.  The meaning of his life was that at that time he was turning 60 or 55 or 60 years of age and somehow after his death he tried everything to get people's loans.  Somehow, by investing the FD, PFF retirement fund, he took it from his family, if his children have not done much good, or the person is an old man even today, at the age of 78, 80, 82, 83 or 76, whatever you put it, at that time he was at the age of 50, 55, 60.  It must be okay from him that 00 maintenance is not being given, I am telling about Dwarka, I have taken RW there for my consultation many times when there were fights. Now half of the residents there are pilots of your airlines because that airport is nearby, now their salary is Rs. 578 lakhs, now for them there is a proposal of increasing the maintenance from Rs. 1900 to Rs. 2500.  If we make Rs 2500 then there is a fight about whether it is Rs 2500 or not, Rs 00 has to be made, reduce it by Rs 400, why do this then people are getting upset there.  I am talking about the society of Dwarka because now there is a mismatch in the gentry there, everyone is living in the same place, I assume the rate of flats is around two crores, so two and a half to two and a half depending on the size of three BH, four BH.  How much is it? Now someone has bought it for Rs. 2.25 crores. A pilot who flies a plane has bought it and someone has bought it for Rs. 78 lakhs. He has been living there for 25 years. There is a mismatch between the two.  It is very big, now the way they are coming in the societies of Gurgaon, and the maintenance is high in Gurgaon, I am going to tell this to the people of Delhi, so this is one way to take things up, now what is there in this that if some builders themselves Maintenance is done by some very high maintenance, good firms like CC CRB, CBRE, sorry CBRE etc. There are some more, two-four more names, you write down the ones which are top notch, there is money there.  We go more but brother we enjoy there, residents do not face any problem, many places take RWAs, where these RWs are taken, there is local petty politics, fights happen, Gurgaon is also getting to see this, so you should see this.  You have to go to the middle class society, you have to go to the ultra luxury, you have to go to the higher, you have to go to the lower middle class, which one is the gentry, this will decide the future of the society because when the people of the society themselves  If we file a case against someone else, it is published in the newspaper, what news will be published in the newspaper locally? Nowadays brother, so and so society went there, went to the side of DTCP, they gave it to us, they did not ask and then outsiders would come to know about the troubles in the society.  If tenants do not come or people come for resale, they say that there is a Kalesh society, there is so much foolishness in the matter of twenty-four-eighths, I mean, this is not ours, many people in India are suffering from diseases.  Wise pound foolishness is fine, you are ready to lose Rs 100,200,500 in order to save Rs 24,000, then why are you playing politics with your society as to who will become the President and who will look after the fund, so this is a little bit.  If there are like minded people then only they say that when there is such a rich society, now we never hear these fights and fights, these rich people never have basements here in the society of the rich.  If water enters inside, then they don't cry, they don't cry, they quietly get out, they manage themselves well, and wherever they are, they will be like this, so people will know by saying, oh, oh, okay, you. Brother, this society did not take it, it went straight to your rate of 10, 15, 20 lakh rupees, but it has nothing to do with it. They have to take revenge from the builder or from the Dal President or from whom they have to take revenge. This is very funny.  thing is that  Friend, why do they do this, the thing does not belong to the builder, once he has given it to you, it will be yours, now it is your advantage to make your thing shine and say good. If there are some issues, then sit and resolve them instead of creating noise. What do you think that you are?  If you go to the government, the government has so much time to come and do the flats worth two, five, five crore or three crores each, or do it for the poor or do vote bank politics wherever it is. Actually, these people need the government, they need the government. You people will have to resolve it yourself. If any issue comes up, you will have to do it openly. I do not want to take the name of the society whose name came out of one of my videos in the newspaper. Meaning, if I take the name of Gurgaon, I will take the name of Delhi, the rate of that society will be Rs 10 lakh less if I come here and its rent will be Rs 000 less because if your society is well. You are paying Rs 000 extra for maintenance, brother, you will get good rental there, tenants will also want to come there, resale will also be good there, you will feel like living there too, [ __ ] and span things will be installed, these are big builders like Apna D Se Dilwale.  What are the builders in Delhi, the top builders, even if they take maintenance of them, they keep their entire ecosystem shining, even outside the society, now they do it all out of someone's pocket.  Do you know that the expenditure on water will ultimately be added to the cost of the flat or will be added to the maintenance? Milder will not add to the pocket because he protects his margin and even more if his product is sold at a very high rate. If you have rent at any place, let's say this is expensive, we hear 25 crores 50 crores, let's say the maintenance here is 20 30 25 500.  No matter how much money is being paid for Haj, the rent is coming in the same amount. If the rent is two and a half, three or three or four lakh rupees, then these people of middle class and middle class societies should learn something from this that brother, if I give a rent of Rs 5 lakh.  Also gave sorry maintenance extra, gave 5 lakhs, gave it in 10 years, 12 years, if it is ok, then my capital appreciation will increase by 25,30,35 lakhs and from that  I will also get more rent of Rs. 10-12 lakhs, so this is an investment, many people consider it as an expense and what people are not able to understand is that if you live on four floors with a lift, then that is your security.  The cost of MC of lift is 10 to 12000, to maintain it everyone will have to spend Rs 200 there and if you also hire a security guard who does only one shift. Brother, whatever you do from 6:00 in the evening to 6:00 in the morning, that too will cost Rs. 12,14,000. If you have four floors, then you have to pay ₹ 4000 rent there, then your lift and rent together would be ₹ 5000.  If you are normal and live in these sectors as your HSVP Hooda says, then somewhere else if you pay this much or 500 Hajj more, you can get cleanliness also. Lifts are also operational, security is also available, amenities are also available, you are getting to see flowers, you are also getting to roam, you are getting cleanliness, you are getting all the luxuries, people come on call, all this, all this.  If anything goes wrong with you, then brother, it is worth it, where is the problem, try doing this work in your private and see how much it is, which is a small garden, right in the green belt, I am telling people whose  How much will it be? 15 feet by 5 feet i.e. approximately eight yards, which is the green garden type people keep in front of their house. That too, a gardener will be required today to repair the grass and plant four saplings within a month.  00 takes or does n't take then you tell me you don't give and those who say no you leave three or four days and then come back and just do it sometimes, if they are also giving then they are paying only that much.  and many more people are giving  I know that those who are paying Rs 500-800 for the maintenance of 10 pots, if they ever come and do something, then all these things will become even more costly in the future. Okay, so you should not consider this maintenance as a bad thing, do not consider it a pinch.  That is an overall experience of yours, this is what we do when we go outside in a resort, so what is there in it, that is, it is the mountain, the forest and everything, whatever is there, whatever is there.  There is a lot of frills for one day 12 15 20 22 25 30 I don't know how many thousand the room rates are depending on the season, so brother, if you are looking for mountains then you are not able to see that atmosphere in Gurgaon these days, efforts are being made to create such a resort type in the future. Brother, if you become one, you will have to bear this expense. Be mentally prepared. If you have to come to Gurgaon and have something of 18 to 2000 square feet, then brother.  Mentally prepare from Rs to Rs. Depending on which one you are taking, the life length will increase by Rs. If you start from four then do this caterer, many people say that it is too much, it is looting, don't do it, then when RW comes, she will want to stop it, reduce it.  If the society wants then it will become shabby, just like that society becomes shabby, similarly the rates of that society start falling, the rents start falling, so it is up to the people to see that we maintain it, we just have to see that it is well maintained or not. Even if you take a four-part certificate and if those things are not correct in it, then you have to pay this maintenance as a flat owner, as a tenant or whoever is living in that society, you just have to get insured.  What has to be done is that things are correct, the accountability of money, you can check that yes, it seems to be fine, but on account of accounting, you cannot wish that if one and a half becomes two and a half rupees, then one and a half is not going to be reduced because the cost of labor has increased. Everything has to grow. Everything has to grow in the coming time. If there is no incident, then this one has taste in living. And those who have taste, who are cash flow, who are actual rich, only they will be able to live. There are many people who want money in Delhi.  They are roaming around with CR, the salary is Rs 1 lakh, the money is Rs 5, because something has been sold in Delhi, so they will have problem in coming here and staying in such condos because they do not have cash flows. When the monthly salary comes, the salary is very high.  Cash comes, money comes, your income is very high then you do n't feel much pressure to pay 8 thousand per month otherwise you would have given 8 thousand, people will feel stressed about the maintenance of their house and even if it feels so, this issue will remain in future.  This will progress further if you keep this thing catered because whenever people come up with a new project, I conduct webinars or something. Tell me, how much will be the maintenance. It will be very high. Just think that it will be so high that it will cost you your life to give it. Just have this mindset that the person speaking will say anything. It is not written anywhere that it will not be less, it will not be less, brother, I am saying that two to three rupees more have been kept inside affordable housing, so there is nothing in it below that.  There is only one lift for maintenance and what else is there inside it, there will be a little cleaning work, not too much work, it does not mean that there are not many such things like flower garden, golf course, providing water etc. But if you are taking it there also, then the amount of money you will get at the place and the amount you will get out of your pocket, then that is your experience of living in a good place, you can think of this and this you have to be mentally ready and before buying be ready that which you will get.  Pa  You will get the things of sir, you will get the things of four, all this will happen there, all this will happen in the future, all this is going on, you understand what happens, I hope I am myself getting the pronunciation right, so the driver is coming on call, the food provider is coming on call.  Some press person is coming, all this Shosha, see this, when old age comes, I am telling this for the rich people, or even the upper middle class, now they do not want to be so dependent on anyone.  In the future, someone should either make such things for senior citizens or like Ashiana like the one made in Bhiwani or if they have to live in big cities then everyone will enjoy all these facilities and there are people who can do all this.  The builders know that they want to pay and are bringing only these projects that brother, you will not have any problem in old age, the doctor will also be on call, you will sneeze, the doctor will come, if anyone comes, the food will come.  The washerman will come, any service you can think of, you need a driver, you need a hair cut person, you need a hair cut person, whatever you want in the house, you will get everything, you will have to pay for the phone call, yes, you will also have to pay for the service, you will have to pay separately for the service and the service.  To make them available, they will have to be paid separately, so it does not mean that you will pay money to the haircutter who is cutting the hair for free during the maintenance, but all this arrangement has been done and the tab has been done, apart from this, whatever else is there, I hope.  you get the larger  The message is that the moment you get in to something called condos and this luxury and after doing all this, brother, the expenses here are water, you think this BMW1000RR I am the number one real estate with clarity, I have told you, so be mentally prepared as much as I can.  If you take that much rupees, what do you say, maintenance will be higher than Sir, i.e. Pa, it will be above Rs. 6 CR, i.e. square on Rs. Sa CR will be above feet, on RP it will be above square feet, I am saying minimum starting and after that the inflation will be there and it is nowhere less than Rs. Okay, so this is what it is. Please share, like, comment.  Inside the section, you will find a webinar info group or people who have created it, they are doing very well. It is okay, there are many interesting people in your circle, they can also take membership.  You will get recordings of many workshops that I have conducted. There are very unique subjects, you will get them. You can definitely watch them. Conceptual things. Thank you very much.