Hello friends, today we will discuss about an affordable housing project whose name is MRG Ultimus. It is also expected to come up within 6 months. The construction has reached a very advanced stage. Its location is very good. If you have an affordable flat in it, So please write in the comment section and if not then the video will be good for you for information and pricing. Its location is on Bang Oran 90 meter road which is on the way from Rampura Chowk.  That road which connects to Pataudi Road, incidentally is being made as a model road and the news that is coming now, I think will come to fruition in a few days, the initial news came that a flyover worth Rs 59 crore is also being built on Dadi Sati Chowk.  There is a university place opposite to it and if you go right from here, at a distance of 3 to 4 minutes you will find the biggest mall of that area. There are many malls coming up and many more malls are also coming up.  There are a lot of commercial buildings and there are more to come, the location is very good, those who have it here, I would call it wonderful, its target is one seer, the only affordable housing, which immediately I feel will hit one CR here.  The size of BHK is 614. Well, the sizes of 2 BHK were quite open as far as I remember. Apart from carpet plus balcony, it is 614, 620, 625. 700 plus was coming out, so this is going to hit crores and the rate I am telling is not the December rate because if you have a position in December then you cannot sell it, it takes one more year to sell. So that means I am telling the rates for one year ahead, so whoever is paying here, they have to keep it here, you will see the rent of 25 to 27000 for a very comfortably and fully furnished BHK from today. After 10-12 months they will say, position is happening in 6-7 months. Gradually people take position, get wood work done, then look for tenants, so think about the rent target I am telling you, I am telling you for the first of June because it is possible.  By the time the position is made, it may be two to four months from January to February. You know, NGT's ban, this or that, something or the other keeps happening, so generally the target price here is 25% of the rent.  ₹ 27000 for a fully furnished BHK apartment, remember that there is a gap of 4 to 5000 rupees between fully furnished and non-fully furnished, so everyone should spend ₹ lakh. According to me, only fully furnished apartments should be given, RV hospital is touching this.  Is that true a big thing because I feel that for the staff of RV Hospital, living here on rent is too much.  It will be convenient because you know the doctors and nurses and all these people, especially the lower staff, which means it takes a lot of time to travel, it takes money, it takes effort and the working hours also go up and down, night duties, you know.  If it happens in hospitals, then the staff of RV Hospital is quite big, it is a 400 bed hospital, probably RV Hospital, you tell me how many beds it has, I may be right and on color, as far as I know, it is a very big hospital.  If it is touching it, if it has a common wall, then they will have a lot of staff, there will be admin staff too, NursesLabs, someone will be earning Rs. 5 lakh, a doctor, he will live here in an affordable way, but if you know about all kinds of people, then he will do very well in this.  Swimming pool etc. and all these facilities are also there, there is the club house and that cricket pitch, all these frills are also there because it was the first one to introduce all those things and its room sizes are huge.  The meaning of flat is good, earlier you know in affordable housing, 300-400 square feet used to be defined as affordable, then it was changed from 450 square feet to 650, the government limits it to 645, that 60 square meter is the criteria, earlier it was 45 square meter.  Criteria Which Used To Be Like I Think 490 Square Feet Then It Becomes 645  So in this you will get big open ones, in fact the size of them is 2 BH, at a distance from this there is a product which was from a big builder and belonged to the luxury segment of the listed player, it was sold for Rs. 2.25 crores, the same, the same, the same carpet area, yes, that and more.  It has a lot of frills, it has gold, silver, diamonds and pearls but it is sold for Rs. 2 crores plus, its location has increased and its own commercial is very good. Off course, it would have been sold. Anyway, I never talk about affordable to buy a commercial because a little is too much, but the residents here will get a lot of facilities because that commercial is also bang on 90 meter road, so everyday things will be available. As soon as you come out, you will go to the left. So SO plots are being made of RO F and then of Best Tech. Go further to the right and as you go a little further, SO plots of MR will come to the right.  If you go a little or two minutes ahead of Dadi Sati Chowki, you will come across malls, some are being built, some have already been built, so the commercial is complete there and there is a lot of excitement and another very good development has taken place which is that  There was a dividing road of Sector 88 and 9, there was also a 100 90 meter span, if that too is built then the traffic load which was increasing on this road will also reduce.  And if it is being made then don't sell it here, this is the message whose message is, Congratulations to you guys that it proved to be a 3.5 bagger for you, a four bagger, a 3.5 bagger, 26 27 28 I touched a thing worth crores for the first time in something affordable.  So you don't have to leave it, you have to hold on to it, you have to hold on to your life, many people have benefited from it and maybe if you get less than the target price I told you.  If you are getting 5, 10, 15 lakhs then take it because these people are not going to stop at these crores, things will become expensive, there will be inflation, there will be no alternative choices, but those who have it, there is no need to sell them because you will not get anything by selling in the market. Now brothers and sisters, things worth Rs. 678 crores are available on 24 meter road of listed players of big builders and this is your chance. Lottery is open on 90 meter road. As for affordable housing, 90 meters of affordable housing is not sold, it is maintained, maintained, decorated and kept for life time. At least keep half of the property which can be passed on to the family. Why don't people know how to dispose of everything?  It is fast, especially those who are from outside, they do not have any idea, what is it, your child can also live, there is such a job for the poor, which seems psychological and is affordable, poor people are poor, only Gurgaon is there.  No, no one will live here, like they say many times, there are less poor people in America, meaning something like that brother, he will not live here, this poor person does not pay so much rent here, so sometimes people feel like this, sometimes people from outside or  Some people confuse affordable with EWS or not, why did they use the word affordable? A thing worth Rs 1 crore is affordable. It is okay if you take a loan of Rs 80 lakh and buy it yourself for Rs 20 lakh.  If you put it in your pocket, it will cost you 75000 EMI, then this will not be such a thing, now it is fine and a good thing, keep it on hold, something will come for public transport too, there is still a journey for this area which will develop in the next three to four years because You cannot sell it for one and a half years, you have a position in 6 months and if you cannot sell the position for one year, then 18 months from now, you probably cannot sell the thing and 18 months from now.  If there will be more brightness in the month, then do not think that these are the targets of 18 months, these are the targets after two months, it has matured in 18 months, as of today there is no valuation for it because you cannot buy it, nothing is available.  And if no one can sell it in the market, then no one is there, but after 18 months, when the window opens, then this is the rate that I have told you. Tell me how did you like the video. Happy Birthday to MRG Ultimus people.  The execution risk is over, it's ok and it's very good and congratulations to all, hold on to this thing, thank you very much.