Hello friends, there are five types of people in the real estate market. Which one are you? Tell me, I will tell you five types of 12345. Okay, on Pan India basis, the matter is going on now and I will tell you the size of each one. And you are the one who is among these five.  Out of these, I will tell you what you should do in the Johnson one, so yes, there are five, first of all, let's start with the thumb, this one is needed and is a user, he needs something, he is searching for it, he found it, so he bought it, this is an investor.  Has always been investing, knows everything, can be a new investor too, has money, wants to invest, space for it, size, asset class, plot, flat, small, big, don't want to keep anything main, city, investor, needs capital appreciation and rent.  Now these A's go, the remaining three A's go. Yes, in my window shop, you understand that women are a caste, you do not have to buy things at the shop, but there are three ways to find out the rate and weight. These are very interesting, three ways. Six months, one year, dead, two years ago, he has bought something and now after monitoring the rate, he has taken it at the right rate. In the increased retro, he has a smile on his face and he wants to know and understand everything, but he cannot buy, hence window shop.  But this is coming, seeing, understanding, feeling happy, but there is one at the window shop, this is one, okay, this is one, there is another one at the window shop, this is brother, there is no money, now if something is expensive then what to see Brother, even after seeing the mother, she  It is said that there is no cost for seeing mehendi at a shop, so there is no cost for seeing mehndi in absentia, and if there is money, then it is better to see it, so this is the one in the window shop. This youngster may be there, when will Papa ji agree that he is from Greater Kailash.  We have a floor of 100 yards, he will give the middle, then we will buy it in Gurgaon, I do n't have money but I am already preparing that when Papa gets in the mood, something like this will happen, then that one will be in the window shop.  That is, today there is no money, most of the youngsters are in this category who do not even have money in 2030 and early 30, they are playing mutual fund mutual fund. Veriku ji has given the lesson that by selling mutual fund, millionaires are becoming by selling it on excel 5000.  Those people are the ones who ship money, they don't have money and they are waiting, okay and they can also be like this, if you can't buy then this rate is flood.  There is a bubble, it is like this, it is like that, it becomes a little tricky at the third window shop, now who is the third, you can tell by posing, which one can it be? Think, the first one is sitting, can buy, he has bought whatever you want to buy, you have to break so much money that  Will buy every day in six-six years but he is enjoying, he has a smile on his face, the second one cannot take it to the window shop, there is no money, there are not many people, what to do with the money now, what is the third one, he has money. Decision making is not happening, I don't know what to take, six rupees and the second thing is whether he is roaming around with one crore rupees or one hundred and twenty crore rupees, the third one and he had heard a dead year ago that brother, there is something in one hundred and twenty crore rupees.  It is a good race, now that good thing is not coming, even the bad thing is not coming. In many lions, now whatever appreciation has happened, they are not able to digest this thing because they may have died a year or two ago and left something behind.  Di ho and ji  You have given up on that rate, now that rate has gone up so much that it is unbelievable and they are getting inferior products at a further location and at a more expensive rate than they were getting, so now it is something.  Like this one, the situation is like that of a girl when she was 23-24 years old, she looked very beautiful and was having a lot of relationships, so she was rejecting him on time. She is on a dead lakh salary.  The one with a salary of Rs. 1 lakh will get more money and the one with good height will get more relationships. Is it okay now when she is 28-29 years old? Look, I am giving an example, don't get sexist, you can do it the other way around and this is also the reality of life, this is for women.  There is a lot of pain and under these examples, if someone's daughter is doing this, sister is doing this, then you can also wake up to my awareness in the society at every level. You know, I have other channels also. What am I saying there, what should I say, then everything is linked up, it is a relief, you cannot do it in isolation, but the example is that when the person who has a good car is Chhath Jati, now he does not want to sit in the second car, especially the ticket price.  It's done brother, the second ticket was for Rs 1500 and there was a vacant seat and I was getting the one lower down, I did not catch it, now I am getting 3 seats for one, it is taking a lot of effort to board the train.  The story of 'If the next one doesn't come, in which I get the same seat, then the answer is this no, the time truth will never come, if you don't speak like this now, otherwise it will fall, now it doesn't happen by speaking like this, I do n't remember and don't know the drum from that.  mare to what is d saying ok please you can write below ok always on everybody you be dead but everybody DOES N'T just because of these vultures and crows ok r  Wanting people and situated means other animals, you have dick so that they can feed, it does not happen like this, now there is no fun in speaking in English and in Hindi, five lines are not remembered many times because it is not written in any prepaid script, I am not right.  So if it is written, then do n't read it after looking at it, some story is not written, okay, the condition of Windows Offer Three is the worst, everything else is clear, he is an investor, he knows where there is opportunity, there is money too.  There is famine too, he just asks, brother, tell me the operation, where he embraces, he hits the target like this, whether such marks are like holes or not, then he dies by doing this, and the user is an innocent person, he does not know.  I want to buy a house, brother, I have it today itself, I have come to my senses, today itself I am getting the money properly, brother, yes, I am getting this, take that, that is also fine, Windows offer one is also absolutely fine, that too, I have taken it.  I  I can't take it but I am watching the show at this very good window shop, you are also very good, I can't take it, I don't have money, but it doesn't cost money to watch, it does n't feel like life, that too at the window shop, three such D men who  Women who are in trouble, under which category do you fall? You have to tell me and if there is any other category apart from these five, then tell me. You will have to fit in these five. Brother, Kahani Na Kahani, you cannot do this, no, no.  we are  Brother, there are some more categories and there is no category, you are within these categories, tell me which category is it, Sher Karo and in every webinar I conduct in this category, I normally do this check in it and also check the trends.  The trade has become 50-50% in many markets, 45% in many, 50 in many, 55 in many, which is a trade in real estate which I will call 8085.  After hitting 90 then he will start plateauing out. Now that journey from 50 to 85 happens in the next 10 months. It happens in 12. When will it happen? He will weigh the micro market and the micro market. I am not able to understand what he is saying.  I understand the thing and all those who are connected are understanding. Please write in the comment area. Yes, we are understanding. Rest of you are fully invited to that telegram group. You will get my real estate thing there.  And explain it well. Weaving is a caste. You can also take membership of the channel. Those trees and towers will be free for you. Off course will be done. There will be free workshops. There will be reviews and projectors will be viewed. And if you ask some questions in Wegener then the tree will be there. Then there will be answers to some questions and you will get a chance to understand things better and do calculations. So subscribe and share. Thank you very much.