Hello friends, what is this can be a game changer in Gurgaon real estate? We will discuss beyond that, perhaps it has not been discussed yet in the public domain. Yes, we know that Deendayal has ended in Gurgaon, so there is nothing left for Deendayal.  This builder floor stall plus 4 and this stall plus is hanging there, you know it has been more than a year and the market is growing so much and big projects are coming up 2400  2500 2800 3500 square feet 18000 19000 20000 21000 25000 or whatever thousand you know, it is a matter of how many crores, so what should a common man, who is middle class, understand and what should he take? This is a retirement home policy.  There are some things which are old but now action is starting to take place beyond this. Will you see it in the future? Understand this, the policy says that brother, you can build a society on a few acres of land, i.e. half a fort, i.e. half a fort, i.e. around 2420 yards, you can build a society on less than 2500 yards of land, its FR will be 2.25 and that which is one unit.  In this, you can withdraw up to 30 square meters. Now in affordable housing, you know there was a program for up to 60 square meters. In this, the lower limit was kept at Rs. 30, there was no cap on the rate.  If not, then this is not affordable housing, it can also be worth crores, then this will be a product through which a vacuum has been created in the market, a vacuum of Rs 1.5 CR has been created. Just now I am telling you all.  I would like to tell my viewers that the affordable housing societies will be priced from Rs 75 lakh to Rs 1 crore when they are sold, when the position is made and after a year, which society will be sold.  It is dependent on the location, builder quality and various other things, the price will range from 75 to lakh to 1 crore. Now those who had bought it for 25 to 30 lakh, it is a multibagger stock, so it will be between 75 to 1 crore. Depending on 3 BH is open, what is the size of 2 BH, so it has a cap on it, is it that much, now from where it ends, it will take over from there.  There will be some similar sizes, according to me, the density will be even higher but it will be on small land parcels, like even for affordable housing, the minimum land parcel required was 5 acres, if 5 acres was required then it can come on half an acre also.  If one and a half acres can be found, then these land parcels will also be utilized. Some Khichdi food can also be had. A 12 meter road is needed, the rate is very high just for this. Now we will discount the land again because somewhere there is land of one acre and somewhere there is land of one and a half. I was not able to understand what to do with it. Many people have it. Just think what is half an acre? What is a plot of 2000 yards and a plot of 500 yards? You understand that your society has become a yard plot and through this video now people will know that they are sitting on half and a quarter acre, somewhere in Gurgaon there is a 12 meter road on the left.  There are many places where there is a 12 meter road, where there is a 12 meter road and if this is the case, there will be a boom there, be mentally prepared, there is an opportunity too, but what will happen in it, we will provide car parking, this is the basic le deen deel high rise will come to you.  You can also think about this or affordable high rise affordable which is with club house and with car parking because what is affordable today and that is 75 lakh 1 crore.  So I told that if that will also be done, then we will make a good deal of what is inside it, we will make a good brochure, it will not be done through draw of lot, anyone can come and buy it anytime and we will just add some theta in it that it should be an elderly person because asking.  There is a hold on retirement homes, it is not that young people will not be able to buy, but you should have an elderly person in your family to show that something like this can happen in the coming time, so we will look forward to know when it is coming.  how are you coming  If there is a lot of happiness then the land parcels will be released because what will be the issues of fresh land parcels, there will be a separate video beyond that. Thank you very much.