Hello friends, you must have got information about the split of Godrej Group, what is its impact on real estate, what is its impact on Godrej Properties, there will be a short discussion on it till today, if you remember, in 10, 20, 30 years, such a good thing has happened in any group. We have not seen the separation peacefully, we have seen it at many places, but with so much grace, this group has separated its verticals and handed it over to the next generation, Godrej Properties Pirojsha Godrej Ji.  The plus will be the same, there will be another benefit in that their sister firm, they have the land back of 3000 land acres in Vikhroli, they will also have the marketing rights of it in Mumbai and will take the management fee and this land will be theirs, if the project comes to them, there will be an additional benefit.  It will remain and you must have seen all this good news reflected in the share price. Look where the share price of Godrej Properties has gone in the last 510 days while this video is being made. 2800 Bookings have crossed the figure of 23000 crores last year. Sales bookings of Godrej Property have been done. And I am telling this video from the point of view of real estate, not according to the share market, which is the interview of Piroz Shah ji. In that he has talked about bookings worth Rs 30,000 crore, so there is a bansi in the real estate market, yes right now the election takes a little breather in June 4, as if it is breathing after that. Tukdo ji has been divided very amicably in a very good way. We should also learn in our family that those who have properties worth lakhs of crores i.e. businesses and are so much inter-winded, that is, there were listed firms as well as unlisted firms, how well they were divided. Even cousins ​​have been separated, this time after so many years, it means separation of only brothers is not a separate vertical, even cousins were evolved and if there is no issue then  It is a great learning for everyone, I hope you all will learn like this in your family too. In the comment section, you will find a Real Estate Info Webinar Group, you can join it, you can attend the webinars live. If you are not already connected, you are very tired.