Hello friends, now the position of Godrej Nature Plus is going to come, a lot of queries are coming in few months, so in this way I will keep telling about the projects whose queries will come, if you have it or are thinking of buying there, Sona's story too.  I will try to tell a little through this video. Like the video, share and subscribe the channel. And if yours is in Nature Plus and has already been purchased then please write and if it is in Godre SAT because it is the same project.  The towers which are coming in position are built first, this one is named Nature Plus, the other ones are d1 d2 c1 c2 b1, they are Serenity and the position of the other towers which is going to come soon is Nature Plus, so let's start. If you see the site layout of this project, it is rectangular, it is very good, there is central greens of 55 acres, so many projects come in these nowadays, its density is low, 60.  It is less than 55 56 There is some density Bang on Sona Road Beyond the expressway Bang on Delhi is only a minute or two away from the Mumbai Industrial Corridor The man reaches the Thak Thak flyover in Rajiv Chowk Do two Hindi films  Before the song ends i.e. in 910 minutes, GD Goenka is here, Kumar Mangalam University is here, the price is around 9250, I am saying that it should be less than 10000.  Not possible if you are here then if you are getting less than Rs 10000 then don't ask whether I will buy it or whether they will get registered at Rs 8. In the tehsil it is around Rs 7, it is fine, nowadays they say five to seven but at Rs 1.  And there is also the expense of water, I am giving a rough estimate, so to save their seven lakh rupees, they are giving the call that if the rate increases, I am getting so much money, then should I go out or my last  If I don't pay the installment money, take the premium and withdraw it, then the advice to you people who want to sell this project is that please do not do it because you cannot sell in this project and buy anywhere else in Gurgaon. Yes, at Rs. 20  You will be able to make money by selling this much but you will not be able to buy it and then it will not be sold for Rs 20 more from you and if you do not have further money then please do not get trapped because its target is 3 years.  It is close to Rs 13500 which is minimum 50 up from the current price, so in 3 years now after you have the position, the rent will also kick in which will make your rental lead minimum even if you are taking 2 BH, three whatever is at 4. You will get 45 and I am telling you that if there is an increase in it at 50 then if you do CAGR at 50 then it will come out to be 17 at 15.  It does not come out to be 17 17 51, it comes out to be close to 15, it comes out to be 15 there and four and a half here, so tell me where are you getting the returns of 20, there is no risk of any execution here, now there is no such risk when the same happens.  After this, there will be a risk whether it will be made or not. You have got it, why do you want to sell the thing which you have got, now there is another touching project in Sona, I will tell you about that also today. It is a very beautiful and good project in which we can buy it in resale, where people are living by becoming an assistant, the rest of their towers are being built, that is Ashiana, it is a priceless and absolutely competitive project, there will be a difference of Rs 19 and 20 in this.  When this Godrej one will be a little more premium and will be more than that but that project is also very good then its price may be 500 1000 00 feet difference in its price today and in the coming time, now if you feel like going there.  If you are living there, it is also ready to move in. You can buy it there also, but there is a request to the people who own the house that they should not sell it. This is your project of opportunity. It is a very open project. It is very good for children. It is low density. There is no time right now.  The story of selling gold is yet to be played out. No one is talking about it because there is no project to sell, hence it is not being mentioned. It is a simple thing. Why do you blame anyone for this? Why talk about those things now?  go watch this video  What is the benefit of making, what is there to sell, I am telling the seller not to sell, I am telling the buyer to buy it, if you can get it now, don't throw tantrums, anywhere in Gurgaon, things are sold as per super area, anywhere for four. If you are getting something in digits but less than Rs 10000 then pick it up because whatever is there for resale in the coming time, it is going to cost your pocket in the next six months.  If you will see the increase soon in the things that are going to be ready to move in, then it is possible. I have given the target of 3 years as Rs 13500. Why did I take Horizon 3 of Nature Plus because it will take three and a half years for Serenity to be completely completed and the entire project to be built?  It will take that much time, but it is possible that you will see the immediate jump of 1100 square feet only by this November, so if you understand the point of seven to eight lakhs in it. So it is only a matter of 100 square feet, if you have a 2BH of 1400 square feet, then the cost is the same, 1000 to 14 lakh, 500 to 7 lakh, so you absorb that to save that 7 lakh. Don't sell things out of greed is the message and similarly the other projects which are coming up, which are your projects, what information do you want about them please. Write in the comment section and I want to tell you one more thing, I had just told about the time limit of two hours, I had told about something but now maybe who watches such a long video of two hours or what was told in 40 minutes.  If you have n't seen it then it was great to watch, it has got a lot of views, a lot of people have joined it, it has got a lot of likes, it has uploaded that video recently on Sunday, okay watch it on 23rd June, you will get a lot of it on the channel.  There are insights in this I want to tell you a secret which will not remain a secret even if I tell it now, that is that I tell you two or four things in Sona. One, if you read it and check the master layout here in the comparison of Open Spaces Gurgaon.  There are a lot of public spaces, the government's open spaces have a better layout, but right now we don't get to think about it because now when we talk about gold, we only see the road and when we see the road, we say gold, then we  Do we say that if you buy it in gold then gold is nothing. It is a matter of 10 minutes from Rajiv Chowk. When we go to New Gurgaon from Rajiv Shock, it takes us 20 minutes to reach anywhere from Khirdi Daula and in those locations 93 95 Look at how much goods are being sold and according to that, if I consider Rajiv Chowk as the center and Nav Center of Gurgaon, then you can reach there in 10 minutes, but whenever I talk about this area, what do you think? Central Park comes to mind, then Ashiana Anmol comes Aldeco's project, now Godrej is about to come, then you understand the plots of ROF, Signature's low rises and Kumar Mangalam University comes GD Goenka University.  The bus comes to an end, ahead of it comes the tehsil square, there is only one square and we go here to the bus stand where she is the wife, so that's all yours, but now you don't know that there will be a lot of space behind here, big arrangement.  Where will those sectors be cut, sector four, sector five and that, you see the layout of it all, look at those roads where affordable housing is available, some are of GS, some are of some more, some more plots are being cut, I will not talk about many of their plots.  If there are RERA and its issues, I will not go into them in detail but in general, the product projects I cover, the issue arises that the Central Park has become very expensive. You know, now a road has to be built from the Central Park, which is a project of Godrej.  is central  There is a park and you can reach the meaning of everything. You will have to do some research. No, Guruji, you yourself show it. All the other people or all the rest who show drone shots, will they ever show the useful thing like gold? These are the suits that are made.  Why would you tell these secret things? If any user brother is watching this, then brother, you have great technology, what I am saying is, make a video on this, teach people well, master ji, we are guruji, we will not be able to do the work of master ji, ok.  If there is then a road will be built which will be golf  The course will go for extension, it looks ready made to you, it is not aligned like clay and what else it is, there has to be some acquisition in it and then it has to be built, but there is no hurry in it because if it is built then it will be 22000 23000 224000  On golf course extension, things are being built and launched. If you know the names of 20000 21 projects then their scene will be like this, if you take this here then here.  They have to grow by showing such smoothness to those people over there that the goods are being sold at a very expensive price. Which is okay? Why should I say? I should say that this should become Rs 1 crore per square feet. I am speaking very powerfully, but I don't like it.  I am not interested in doing this, I am interested in telling you the story of this place, this something is smooth, okay and these things are built on this smooth road, Golf Course, now if I connect with this road from here and I get this toll  If I don't have to come by train and it takes time for me to go through this road and to Vatika Chowk and take a right turn from there, then I will reach here in six to seven minutes, which currently takes me 18, 20, 22, 24 minutes.  This will reduce the time of 12, 14, 15 minutes, will not interfere with traffic, will not have to be paid in toll tax, so suddenly with the construction of this thing, the rate will increase here. Brother, I don't know in how many years will this thing be available.  It will happen in two, it will happen in three, it will happen in four, I ca n't say, it is the work of the government, the public will create an uproar, if you share the video, it will be built, but right now, because many people have to acquire the land, the builders have, so if this road is built first, then  If the farmer or any local person is sitting with the land, the rate of his fort has tripled, then this is why it is not being done, it is possible that this may not be done even in the next 4 years, but when all that  someone big  The player will take it, then the road will be built, then the rate will increase, then I have told you this. Okay, so if you are taking it then keep sitting, if you have a view of five to seven years, then you will get very good returns. I want to tell you this.  And if the person who is watching the video has not bought but wants to buy then buy, nothing can be wrong. The targets I have told are there and even after that you will get it because these are the trigger points wherever there is an increase in connectivity.  he grows And it is going to increase, what you see in the sectors of 63a, the road ends as you go ahead, you will reach here by Google 2 road, we do not know that there can be more connectivity and a lot of industry will already come here in Sona.  IMT etc. will come and big players will also come and inside Sona, these are also visible from the office suite on Sona Road and if anything happens to this safari jungle safari, there are a lot of rumors only.  But if something happens to the government, because the land is not to be acquired, it is such an open area, if someone takes it towards jungle safari, then that story will also play out well, but generally there is open work there. Meaning, if you are in a flat, then like I have seen some videos, some were sent by someone, I don't know, if I am there, then I will integrate it, look around, it seems like it is open, the view comes, Pahari Puri looks like this.  feels like Hey, it is a nice place, that means it is not seen in Gurgaon right now, here one can only see high rises after high rises, it looks like this from far and wide, the cost of living there will also be relatively less in future.  The ecosystem of Made and Weds and the way of living and movement of people should also be relatively fine and the value at the price point is high, the big thing is that if you say no, it should be better than Golf Course Road.  So, I am not claiming that it is better than 111 112 13 14 Dwarka Express, it is better than Delhi. I am not claiming at all, I am just saying that it is value for money.  You have taken up this project, this project is also very value for money, your Godrej Nature Plus is very good, there will be open area in it, 1500 trees will come out, these people are going to plant all around and only then the name is Nature Plus.  And if all this has been maintained, it will be very good, let it be built, such clean land parcels of 18 acres are not available these days and there is so much open work, because if we check according to today's rules which the government has made in FR.  If rules have been made, here more than double flats are being built, two and a half times more flats are being built than double, and it will be like this in future, so hold on to these things, don't go by selling them, there is bound to be an increase in them.  It may be too much, but whatever I am telling you is appropriate because your rental aid will kick in immediately, you will get income tax rebate because the property is positioned at interest rate and then your capital appreciation. I have targeted for 3 years. Given that this is a target of 3 years, it may be achieved in one and a half years and then the rates may not increase much for another year and a half, this is the last one year.  I ca n't tell the exact date when this thing is going to happen, but I feel that after the position, when there is excitement, people start staying, get wood work done, gradually take the position for a year, society.  I think you should hold the time for a year because once you have got the registration done, the decision making is now here whether to register or not because once you have got it done, then hold on to it, then why such a hurry?  It is being sold that it has been registered today, I will sell it in three months, I would have sold it first because it does not cost you, the buyer would also be happy that he has incurred the cost, meaning he would have had to get the registration done, but you would have got the benefit, okay, so I hope this.  Like and share the type of videos you like and subscribe to the channel. And these yellow and blue videos of mine may not be around for long because my m is actually very marketable.  It is not my intention to influence. Here, I have to give more information to those who are related to me and those who have bought it, because if I make something here, then the same thing will happen again, it will not take long, you are trying to sell it here, you are the rate of it.  Wanting to increase, I am telling the buyer that he is getting it for this much, take it, it is value for money and I am telling the seller, don't be foolish, don't sell, both the advices are so confusing.  He will understand that there is benefit in selling it, there is benefit in buying it and if someone has to sell under compulsion, then take yours, how many deals you get by bargaining, that is your one on one, which is the rate of one discussion.  This is going on where deals have been made for people and the rate is Rs 9250, but looking at today's market I am saying, brother, it is definitely Rs 0000, it is in Rs 10, so where is any new thing ready to move coming?  If you are coming somewhere then please tell me where exactly the position has been. Now I have always been guiding my subscribers and that prediction has always been correct. Now my prediction is that it is ready to move or ready to move. You will see a lot of increase in the number of products coming to you because the demand is very high and there is no supply. I am telling you this, you will come to know yourself, now that focus was here, wasn't it? 18  20000 22000 sold out in one day, in four days the focus of the entire market was here, now I am telling the market will go here, now in general people should consider the whole market as one, Gurgaon market is doing very well, oh yes, it was doing good brother.  These rates are still there, even today the market is full, isn't it? In the stock market, if 20 large cap stocks are rising and the rest of the market is cold, then you can say something like this.  The whole market is doing well, it always happens like this in the market, sometimes the banks will run away, sometimes the big companies will run away, the large caps will run away, sometimes the mid caps will come, sometimes the small caps will go crazy, then the whole market will go up, then the whole will correct, then the whole  It will go up slowly and then gradually also the leaders will emerge that these people will do better and we as investors always feel this, the same story plays out in real estate but it happens very slowly and is not visible so quickly.  There  We are not able to see the pattern but we are seeing this pattern that now suddenly people will be like, I want a house, I do not want execution risk, I have money, take this and give me a house, I will start living, if my rent will not go then which is now?  You are sitting on rent or live on your own or take rent and do not sell it because it will become very difficult to execute these flats in the future and now there is a warning and also a device that such builders will come who are not able to build now.  Neither do I want to get into trouble with anyone by taking his name, nor do I want to enter into that trap. Okay, but I am just saying that you should see, now the matter will be like this because in six-seven years they will make it at a lower rate and at a higher rate.  It is true that if you give a higher rate to you, it may be profitable or not, but the thing will be made because it is worth it, because when a builder makes goods in seven years, when he buys from you on the first day, he does all the catering.  This much cement will be used, this much labor will be required.  So much will be done that they put it all as their own and yet one walks away with his own profit, so today we feel that we are being taken very expensive. We do not care that our money will be gone in six to seven years. I am repeating the word seven again and again. I am using the year now, just get ready mentally, no position will be available before the year, full position of the project and now all these projects which have been sold one by one in one lump sum, are going to be sold in one lump sum.  The handover of the projects will also come in a similar manner, they were sold slowly, first phase one happened and then it got a bit past, so it is bound to take so much time. Does anyone have any doubt? No, not in seven, but in five because seven years is enough.  Actually four and half years only because brother, at some percentage of 25-30, construction does not happen, go to the last year in November, December, January, the Supreme Court did not allow construction to happen again in the rains.  Issues happen, then there are labor issues on Diwali, Chhat Puja labor goes away, we have to struggle a lot and so much construction has started, not enough labor force has come, skid labor force has not come, if today  If you want to build your own house, then do you think that when the car or truck used to run, there was a cleaner, he used to clean his hands in between, the master used to get all these things done on the road in between. Now they are building houses because all the masters have gone to the builders, all the good mason technicians have been absorbed, all the good mason technicians have gone to them because the work here is regular, the money is big, it is regular and looks tall, he is the one.  It is difficult to work with the owner, so now he is trying to build a house in your house, he will learn from you, Chhotu, it is okay to install it there at your cost, the condition of the plumber is the same, the electrician is the same. Any plumber, electrician, carpenter or painter who is of any level has got attached with them, now the rest of the tile installers, stonemasons, etc., now you will have to struggle and it will become difficult to build your own house in the future, there are no builders on that.  Sometimes I will make a good video on Phenomena and sometimes again. I have started a real estate mentoring program of mine. Right now there is only one class for it. If you want to join that course also, then join it. You can do so by giving the details given below.  Rump on number WhatsApp2 will be available to learn. Take advantage of the learning that is not being taught anywhere. You can also become a consultant. You can earn money directly and indirectly from real estate because real estate is worth 330 billion dollars, it will not touch trillion dollars again. Within 2030, there is a lot of growth here and there is no talent, there is no knowledge because there is no entry barrier, there is no IIT IM exam to come here.  Have to give NEET exam, don't give the papers which get leaked like do n't do anything here, anybody can do less since anybody can do less, the quality is not that much, if you improve a little quality then you will do very well, there are many people who are real. Those who work in the estate are also joining. You all are also joining. Those who want actual knowledge should join. You will get to learn a lot of insights and understanding. You do not speak as if many people are coming here.  We are coming there only, you will get techniques, you will get to learn many things, so please join that course, thank you very much.