Hello friends, I want to tell you the details of the golden membership of the channel, what will be the benefit for you, there is only one golden membership in the channel which you can take, the immediate benefit will be that I conduct real estate workshops once a month, three  There are four very interesting topics when I teach real estate, so that workshop is of 777, so you will get complimentary access to it. One will be one but it can be one or two, it can be more.  But one thing is that if there are more, then there are more benefits. Secondly, whenever you join, you will get access to all the old videos, so it is not that there is only one old video recording, even if you are not there, you will be able to watch it.  So you will get the recording, this is one advantage for you, the second advantage is that you will be the witness of 100 crore property transactions in your life if your age is less than 30 35 years, in the next 40 years even if you are 40 years old.  If you have, then in the next 40 years, in 80 years, there will be 100 witnesses. You will think, what nonsense is he saying, just take a look at me, you will understand that if your ₹ lakh is in the bank and is in D-mat, then you can do trading worth 10 crores. Trading is your father 's inheritance, father's is grandfather's, your brother-in-law is taking something, your brother is taking something, sister is taking something, brother-in-law is taking, you yourself are taking, father is taking in- laws.  Those who are taking it, you are becoming a witness of the transaction, so if you are intelligent in that witness, then its value in your house would increase that this one Ravi uncle ji, Ashok uncle ji is ok, some uncle ji, some sister in law, whatever your relations.  You will seem like the most intelligent person in the world. Take advice from them. In this, the man feels very good that he knows everything. No one teaches real estate like I teach 360 degrees.  If you have perspective then you will sound intelligent in the world. Take the third practice and you will understand about property for yourself, which property should I buy, when should I buy it, when should I sell it, which one should I not buy, which one should I not get trapped in, this will be beneficial. Fourth, you will come to review projects, I will start live webinars every month, opportunities come in real estate in Gurgaon, Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Kolkata, Pune and to some extent in Mumbai in these cities.  I will cover and I will also cover small parts of Haryana, then you will be able to understand the project by watching it in live time. If any live opportunity comes in the Rs 15-2 lakh segment or in the Rs 510 crore segment, it will be covered live for you, first of all for you.  If you have some queries related to that project only, then they will be told. Don't think about consultation. My consultation fee is 30 times your membership is even more than that. 33 p 35  Times, so do n't get confused with him, he is very high, he is one on one different, don't get confused with him, Apna is fine, the point here is that if you remain in the membership for 6 to 10 months, then you will get one next benefit which I want to tell you.  You can become a consultant yourself. Even if you want to work in real estate, membership will help you a lot because it will help you understand real estate that well is inside your body. In Kosi University, they do not teach anywhere in any college, some random articles come, every article has an agenda, there is no clear and confusing information, some will say that this city is good, some will say that flat is good, some will say that plot is good, some will say that it is commercial.  It is good, no one will say, commercial mall is not good, SEO plot is good, no one will say, it is good in this city, no one will say, it is good there, no one will say, this is my experience only.  There will be confusion in a structured way in 2023, as I am making a video right now, what is to happen in May and in the future, what are the trends, what are the changes, how is life happening, I have to tell because investment is forward looking, it is not backward looking in 2004.  What happened in real estate and who made money from it is not going to work in 2023 because now children are coming into the market and are coming into jobs.  The economy that is going on is completely different from what it was 20 years back, so we will understand every type of product, you can attend webinars, workshops, you can attend, whoever takes membership, gold membership, you can join the below given whatsapp.app groups.  Which will be of Gold Members so that I can provide the ethics on it and at a close level and I can send the things quickly because sometimes an opportunity comes within half an hour.  If it comes on a notice of two hours, then it cannot be told four days in advance, then even that very handy thing has not come for that, if something has come somewhere and had to be shared, then beyond that the information comes quickly because  This route takes some time, okay, so please join, it will be a small investment which will give you very long lasting benefits and whoever joins can connect, thank you very much which is not visible.  Other wise, you have to take it from join button only, your payment will be done through Visa card and some people also do it through jeepney.