[Music] Hello friends, I make a video once every year and last year I was feeling that I might not have to make a video again but if I get a chance, I have to make it. This video is again about Gurgaon Metro. Okay, so what you did about me. I have been following for many years. I have been telling this for four-five years that metro will not come in Gurgaon, it is okay, I think so, do I want it to come, do I want it not to come, it is a simple thing. Neither Gurugram works because of my wishes nor anything else. If only my own house works because of my wishes, I will be very happy. Okay, so I have no misunderstanding on that, but what I wanted to bring to the notice of.  All the investors and all the people who live in Gurgaon all the people who want to live in Gurgaon and all the people who are investing in Gurgaon are all I am addressing those who want to invest in Gurgaon and I have always said before that there is some or the other invisible force which does not want to invest here and I am saying that the region for growth in real estate of Gurgaon is very big.  This is because the people of Delhi have more requirement of metro inside Gurgaon, the people of Gurgaon do not have it. Come, Gurgaon should become very big, population should be 50 lakhs, it should be here in 10 years. Yes, it will be done by then, maybe it will come by then, but now again the issues of alignment will go from here to RRTS. There will be change in what I am trying to do. Metro is not being built on paper. Now who is this now?  If people talk beyond this then it will become political. This is a political channel. My Guruji from Gurugram joins it. Here I will talk only as an investor. Okay, as someone who is real estate very well and what happens next.  If I talk according to that then I am not coming Datchi, that is happening now, you will see the upcoming projects, the office below or the office next door and the house there, then you come, why do you have to come from Delhi, you have to come from Pritampura every day with your Narayana or from anywhere. Why do you have to come from any corner of Delhi i.e. Rohini to Gurgaon? Why do you need metro to go up and down everyday? Gurgaon people will give you metro here, then why will you Delhi people come here? That's why it feels good to talk about metro.  That's why there is talk of metro, now soil testing has been done every six months, now this has happened, now this route changes again, then some changes like this, then let's know whether there is a government change or I don't know, then it becomes political.  If you give then only change happens, till now I used to troll me every time. Look, we are like this. Brother, listen, I tell myself so openly and there is such a half percent that some people feel arrogance and other wise people.  It seems cutely arrogant and not arrogant, I will tell you that you will cheat, you will also adopt your own cards, the metro will come, you will eat its bread, the metro will come, the metro will come, the property will increase, the metro will come, let me tell you the reason why the metro did not come.  I give it because wherever the metro goes, there is a poverty class which means that it will not rise above it because now the person traveling in the metro does not earn Rs 10 lakh, but the person who earns Rs 10 lakh per month is not sure.  I go to a man, don't argue, very rich people do not travel in the metro, the big thing is that when the metro does not come, a gentry starts coming there on its own and it becomes a rich boys club, I am the first person who started traveling in the rich boys.  Club Rich Boy Club Rich Boy Club is nothing but your four wall quote, this rate is so high, there is no justification where flats worth Rs 100 crores are being sold, the flats are hanging in the air, how can you justify, it is just like this  A walled man said that this is a builder, it is 100 crores to enter here, just all those kind of people have come, now since those kind of people have come, then its value has increased further, first 50, then 60, then 70, then 100, so if Middle of Nowhere.  Also, if someone makes all the film stars in Rajasthan, now we saw this kind of crowd in Anant Ambani ji's wedding, all this crowd stayed in one place and said, yes here, like Dubai too.  This is how Dubai has been maintained. If you want a video on real estate, please write in the comment section. What you have to understand is that Metro is not coming any time in the future. Even if Abi Raazi Khushi starts being built, it will take time to be built.  It also takes three to four years but I am saying this, Raji Khushi, nothing is visible anywhere now and 2024 is also more than half gone and still their alignment is not being set that it will never happen.  RRTS is sometimes here, sometimes it will go there, sometimes it will go there. Haryana Government has given it here, it should not be there, it should not be there, don't discuss it, think beyond what is happening, it should be there, only then there will be some public transport in any city. But Gurgaon has been rejecting its public transport, GMDA etc. did not run buses etc., the system is different here because the region, when I checked it and I told you.  Reasoning: Watch the video carefully. Look at the thought process level. You see a boy and a girl who work in a corporate in Gurgaon and a power dresser. Girls wear heels. Boys also wear certain types of clothes. They travel in public transport. They do not have the same sanity because public transport will not take you to the basement of the office from where you will take the lift and reach there with your knock knock knock. You can imagine that your body will smell that much.  Like you, I do a lot of things, so I approach real estate from a different dimension. No one makes videos, thinks, or approaches like me, so I consider myself the number one clarity giver. I have another course going on, Real  There is a course in estate mentoring program, it is a good, quite expensive course, it is not cheap, if you want to understand real estate at that deep level, then you can join Rump, I am fine and some of the recordings will be good to join live also because the query  There are a lot of sessions so understand that a boy or a girl comes wearing some clothes which will get spoiled if he goes in public transport. People are very conscious of this kind of image because here it is not labor class as much as anywhere else.  All the big wants to reach a reach office are coming in a particular way so that it looks like that, but because of this there is no demand, I will just tell the people who are making metro. Do a good survey, I do n't see any demand coming in Gurgaon, air pod taxis and things like this will definitely work here, which is very futuristic, Nitin Gadkari ji keeps talking and that for short distance, 3 kms.  4 kilometers more and Gurgaon will work very well, I am saying that Gurgaon has brought that direct technology from Delhi to Gurgaon, now there is no need to do anything else, according to me if  We have to make Gurgaon separately. Global city is coming in Sector 36 side, which is being said on the lines of Singapore, city within city and all these, there should be all these frills there, that same ray means this travel means trouble travel anywhere.  Doing too much in any city or coming from outside the city, means garbage problem, there is a lot of traffic due to these things because the people of Delhi who work a lot, still I think it is wrong to make a rough estimate, it is not wrong.  It would be that every day one and a half lakh people come from Delhi to work in Gurgaon. What is your estimate? Because no scientific survey has been done on this, these one and a half lakh people can live comfortably in Gurgaon and can live on rent.  Or you can buy it or tell your father and mother, then why travel every day in a clutch car? I am saying this because you probably don't want to use public transport, it is not available.  And the alignment is not made at all, you have to come from Delhi, ideally you should have made it from the front of Tos, it is not made on the metro, it is made from somewhere else, Arjungarh and it is not known from where Dronacharya stay, that is a different alignment.  How will you come from there, you will not want to come so much to Rajiv Chowk and you are talking about Dwarka Expressway, it will be built, brother, I had raised the question on Dwarka Expressway earlier also and it was a logical question that  If Dwarka Expressway has been built with Rs. 12000 crores, then will the government collect its toll tax? If the metro is built there quickly, then everyone will travel there. If everyone will travel there, then how will the people of Delhi stay ahead in Gurgaon?  The office space that will come up now on Dwarka Expressway, in the next three to four years, you will see a ruckus, it is better if the people working there stay there, everything is being built there and  You have to live in an ecosystem. The concept of walk to work should be started. The concept of cycle to work should be started. According to me, if I want my personal wish, I can keep it. Whether it is fulfilled or not is a different matter. My personal wish and wish will remain the same.  That metro in Gurgaon, I had told earlier also on recording that many people troll it, it is very good because if you think the way you think then there is no problem in doing it that way, if you do then no one will do it.  There is no problem, it is ok, but according to what I am saying, he said, I always give an example again and again, if a metro station is built in front of Shahrukh Khan's Mannat, then his property value will be reduced. Let me give you an extreme example. I am very good, it is very good, the metro station coming there means a kind of poverty and rush coming and it becoming a common area. Yes, for the common man, my heart does not beat for you. For whom does my heart beat?  It beats, where will the investment go, where will the money go and what is the logic, if my heart beats, it does not mean that for Asian Paint, the share of Indigo Paint will not increase. My heart beats, nothing happens, my heart is okay, my my heart is okay.  If you beat for Kajariya Saram, even Sumani's lion can increase. Nothing is done by beating of heart, it happens to whom and what happens to whom. Here you have to watch Edge as an Investor without emotions, this is the requirement.  There is a lot of traveling to go out every day and there should be something, very poor people have a requirement to go, rich people do not have this, rich people will go when they have to go, now we saw Anant Ambani ji's wedding, it was Mukesh ji.  Had opened an auto expo, it seemed like a car expo is going on, this Maybach Rg, which one is your B.Ed. Okay, so these are very minute and practical things which I also teach, okay after telling.  So it seems very practical, but no one thinks of real estate in this way, so right now I am watching this metro story, the story is fine and this metro has come and gone, the decision of many Delhiites is still pending, elder father says, hey.  Metro will come and go instead of sitting, if there was an accelerator then now more metro has come, I want to tell this to the people of Delhi, I do not think that it will come. Yes, for six months, we will keep telling stories every month. How many years have passed, how many years have passed, now that next one.  which opposition  They are saying that we will make it till Manesar, we will do it, yes make it, we will also wait for you, if you are in power then it is okay to make it till the moon, it is okay to make the metro, if it will not come then I am saying.  If the rates are increasing then will the rates decrease with the arrival of Metro? No, it will not decrease. Then with the arrival of Metro, the rates will increase. Look, the rates have to be increased, it is okay to increase them by making any suggestion, I just say it out of the blue, it is okay, many people feel like this.  No, it's the project that makes the difference.  If you catch a good thing and explain it logically, then the rates increase and if you do popular vote for the things, then what I have explained comes out, then the metro will come, then no one can stop it, like if it is raining, then how will you stop it?  But the fact is that its planning was not completed on paper itself, it got sanctioned, the tender was issued, the tender was made, every time I came, people used to troll me, then I get a chance. I  Then I believe that for the benefit of the general public, if they think in this way that I may not get a chance to make this video again, normally I make a video every six months to a year, that brother, we do n't feel that the metro is coming.  And this metro is not coming, that is why we are seeing the rates increasing. What do you have to say on this? Please tell me, in the places where the metro will not go, the rates will increase more. Remember, no, but that one is a bit difficult to understand if it is a luxury project.  Affordable housing and premium projects  Whoever comes to the market, yes, it will increase there, it is not an easy thing, it is not a one line, the rates increase with the arrival of metro, the rates increase with the arrival of airport, these come, it is not like this, it is a one line, the rates of Gurgaon have increased due to the arrival of airport, hey, it is an airport. Gurgaon has been in Delhi for 80 years, no one even asked about it. No, brothers and sisters, subscribe to the channel. Info webinar group will be available on the comment section. If you have not already joined, then go to it. Because there all these things will be explained in a better way and will be explained in a soothing manner because here you cannot ask me questions, you will feel like I asked this but someone should answer my question, there the answer to the question will also be given in the webinar, ask me something.  Also, how do you feel that your belief system will be shaken a bit regarding the real estate that is yours, how it increases, how it is shown, how it actually increases, then it is a game, then I am still very, I am not, it will sound sadistic, I am very  Satisfied that the metro is still not coming, till the time the metro comes, the people of Delhi will buy the house, after that there is no incentive, after that the father will not sell his house in flat floor Delhi, he will ask to shift something for his child. Now the metro has come, which one should you drive to go, if you reach in 00 then this thing is the biggest thing, you agree with it, this is a theory and thesis, it is a theory of thesis as they say Khayali.  Pulao, but do you agree with this? Yes, it seems so to me, keep your desires away, no, what you want is a different matter, if you come, you want, there are so many things that you do n't know what will happen, okay, but what is happening.  And what effect is it having on us when we are detached from emotions and when we analyze or analyze, still the analysis is correct. You tell me do you agree with this then type agree if.  If you disagree then type disagreement, please write A if complete agree is not written or write D if disagree is not written so that I can also know so that I can also know yes that was the theory, nothing disagrees with you, no one disagrees.  If everyone disagrees then I can't be alone Shana because any theory to work out in larger thing many people should agree with it so like subscribe the channel Thank you very much i