Hello friends, there is a disbelief among many people in Gurgaon real estate that who is buying this means that the news comes in the newspaper, it is sold, it is sold there too, so many are sold, who is this before, who is this before, I would like to analyze this psychology. Why is there a feeling of irritation in this? People are earning ₹ 4 lakh a month in Gurgaon, that is like a very good amount. ₹ 4 lakh a month.  This is a very high amount, if even husband is earning 2 lakhs, wife is earning 1 and half lakhs then it becomes 35 lakhs or two more 2 lakhs become 4 lakhs or if someone is earning three and a half lakhs then that person is also earning 3.35 lakhs. Even a person earning Rs 4 lakh cannot buy these flats that are coming up in Gurgaon because brothers and sisters, if you take a loan of Rs 3 crore then it will be Rs 5 lakh.  If the EMI goes away then how will we survive? 35 lakhs will be taxed and if the rest goes away then it doesn't make sense that even those with 3.5 lakhs and 4 lakhs are not able to buy it, then a question comes up a lot which many people write.  That when there are not so many people with this much income and we could not buy those with less or that much, then who is buying, then it is a matter of pain. Let us analyze psychology. Those who are suffering from this.  If there is situation and disbelief, then please type DP. DP means D is for disbelief, what is happening brother and P means pain or both are emotions, most like, both are fine. Whoever has this is pain too, if there is anger too, then DP.  If you write down then what is there in it that you studied somewhere, you were very good in studies, you took exams in life, passed exams, went to a good college, got placements, got good salary.  You found a good girl, you also found a good worker, you found lovely parents too, your praises are sung in your family, that Rohit bhaiya works in Gurgaon, he had gone from Haldwani, he had done engineering from there. And that Neha Bhabhi is ours here, she also works, but even when Rohit and Neha Bhabhi are not able to buy a house flat together, they feel disbelief, they do not have the realization that Rohit and Neha have the same eco system.  He is the king, he considers himself an ecosystem and there is much more, do you think that in the merit list of the rich, it is your progress in the merit list that India is progressing, the families which are one generation behind you, one generation behind or say?  Say further, meaning the previous generation, for example, whatever you achieved, the family whose father and mother achieved it 25 years ago, are buying it. Things are being bought in the right way in Gurgaon. You need five things to buy a property in Gurgaon, which is now available: 4, 5, 6 Cr. Support of father, mother, own good job, wife 's job and support, small blessings from mother-in-law and father-in-law.  And your accumulated wealth which you have earned after earning for 510 years, your mutual fund and all this and a loan, your loan, these five things, when your fist is made then the property comes which is sitting with only these three things.  He is not able to buy these five and one sixth also, I told him that these five or six things are good salary, good wife's salary, father's support, father-in- law's support, I have given these as down payment on Rs. 510, I will take a little loan, a little something, you have given Rs. 510.  Years ago I had bought a property somewhere in a small city or a small plot, I will dispose of that too. Now you cannot buy anything in Gurgaon without settling the property. You cannot buy it without the support of these four or five things, but these five things. In the lives of many people, children with a salary of Rs 1.5 lakh are buying property in Gurgaon comfortably for three to four rupees, but they are not buying it on their own, then those who have a salary of Rs 4 lakh, they look at it like this, you have it, where can I get it?  I have a father, those were the people from the wall picture, I have a mother, what car do you have? Baba, I have a balance, I have a bungalow, I have a car, I have a father, the one who has a rich father is buying, the children of rich fathers are buying, how many rich fathers they have.  a lot is a lot  Yes, it means that the father gives the money. Yes, there are many givers. There are many who give during their lifetime because those who have come from a typical middle class feel that they have achieved everything but father does not have money.  If money is not received then it is not bought from you because it is old money, it is accumulated wealth which is wealth due to increase in assets. Even today, by selling any builder floor in Delhi, 200 yards of land anywhere in Rajendra Nagar is as decent as your Karol Bagh, Punjabi Bagh. You get to buy things by selling something, especially when the child's salary is covered by the loan and the initial down payment is made. Some of them are available in this color and then in another color. Today,  Those colors are not visible to me, maybe it is this one and this one, so by mismatching it, they are coming and taking families and those who are just thinking that no, how can this be possible, then Delhi is very big, it definitely belongs to NRIs.  program which is NRI is doing well but NRI is at 15 20 25. What is the story of 7580? So the normal common man is not able to take the pensioner right now but you do not need to worry, in the coming time I may have made a video earlier as well.  If you would have seen, there will be something for the middle class also, again one and a half, why now these four, five, six CR are also middle class, hi how, how can middle class.  Buy four CR's Hey brother, he is middle class by cash flow wise, he is rich by asset. You can be middle class by cash flow wise, you want metro but you are sitting in asset. If you sell the asset, you become rich and then you are buying.  So you understand middle class with middle class values buying assets for 45c by booking them and not paying the amount in the same time and selling their things taking the  Support of father, mother, your own or your wife's, so this is the Gurgaon story for you, so if you are missing it, then it is okay, there are many other cities in the world, it is still fine, so give a status in the comment section. A whatsapp.in India just because of your Gurgaon story, your budget itself brother is of 60 70 80 90 lakhs which is the budget of many people and it is a very sweet.  Budget anything between 70 to 95 lakh is a very very sweet budget for middle class working couples. Okay brother, you can buy this thing on your own, you do not need much help from anyone, so these properties are also and hedging.  It may be that what is meant by hedging is that you live somewhere on rent and you keep moving from one place to another, so if you buy something in one city, then if you stay in that city.  So you will live in it and even if you don't live there, you will get its rent. If you pay rent in this city, if you get rent from that city, it will be slightly subsidized. This is indirectly way of owning property. You have a long life to go ahead professional life 30  If you are 25-30 years old then you have 30-35 years left then you will go somewhere, finally when you  If your assets are settled somewhere then it is not necessary that you grow them. Brother, if three CR is not being taken, four CR is not being taken. If mother and father do not have money or if they do not give, then this is the reason.  It does not mean that you will not buy anything worth lakhs for 60, 70, 80 years or else I will stay here all the time or if I want this one then you can explore other big good cities and there is a person like me here.  Is getting options for you, so come join and understand, thank you very much, subscribe to the channel and comment on the groups posted in the comment section because all the information is on a daily basis, there is pan India, no city is on top.  Whatever is left in it, whatever you understand, whatever suits your budget, whatever you like, whatever suits your budget, you can buy it because those things are also becoming expensive. I believe that Top India  In the next five months, nothing worth less than Rs. 1 crore will be available in the seven cities of India. Just like nothing is available in Gurgaon, if any of these things are available in Gurgaon, please tell me. In the fresh launch, it is not available even at one and a half, it is not available even below that, it is not available here either, so at least get hold of it somewhere, it is something like a gold set of 10 tola, I am not able to understand, it is not being bought.  If you don't have money then take it for four tolas. If gold as an asset class is doing well then take four. If you don't like it, I also know it's worth Rs. 10 but take it for four because today the budget is four tolas, so four.  Just take away the burden by taking four, then if you get another chance later, see, life will go ahead, but if you did not take it and that asset class increased too much, then you did not take anything, then you just remained sitting and a  If you take it like astrology  I teach that the fourth house gets activated. It is okay as soon as the property is bought, the fourth house is also the house of happiness. If there is a house of property, then the fourth house is the center place of the horoscope by taking property. If you buy it then you will get as much as you can in the budget.  You can join, thank you very much