Hello friends, since a few days ago, the videos of some YouTubers are being posted, the market is slow right now, Gurgaon market is slow, it is you know saying like Hussein Bolt has come down from 9.79 to 9.9 seconds and it has slowed down, it is not 90 seconds, brother, that point is of something.  So now this is the breaking news for you guys brothers and sisters a project is sold out in fc ars of course already checked you guys know what the system is they are collected but it is completely sold out which project is it about  We will discuss the studio apartments of Godre Zenith. Only 130 apartments came and close to double of that many people did not get it. If you have got it, then write in the comment section that yes, I have got it. Listen carefully and many who did not get it,  Write it down, let's discuss it further. Now you will say friend this stuff gets sold, yes the stuff gets sold, no one does anything about it, everybody tells stories about it or people will tell stories that don't buy this society, it is useless.  You should never do this Because it has been bought by someone, late people discover some useless thing, no useless thing, I came and told them that elections are coming, but whose good do you want to do, you have to do good for yourself and your followers, that's all, everyone should be like this, okay then  Let's start with Godre Zenith, I had bought it from my side, I had cleaned and told you guys about this project but the good news is that they have given it much below the rate that was told, there was a discount of ₹ 100 even on the last day, you should understand that  If you get something below 1.5 CR, then the smaller one would probably go for Rs. 1.25 crore, so if the rate for all inclusive 000 feet was quoted, according to me the legitimate rate was 000, which is my calculation, which is my calculation, the payment plan is like 20 to five  And those who were offering fully loaded, they were getting first of their studio apartments, they were not very sure of the price, now I am telling you earlier, it would have been wrong, I would have kicked the public in the stomach  If it had fallen, then now I am telling the builder that you gave a cheap base, now it is not your fault or the builder's because this was your first product, if it was DLF, it would have been different or if it was Central Park or these brands, then they would have sold it for less than Rs. 26,000.  I did not want to sell this thing, it was an opportunity because it is one of the rare products which is 150 meters away on the road and what mistakes people have made in it, they just kept thinking and love is love  It's done, no, the goods got sold, okay, we kept thinking and the goods got sold, so the people who took the leap that yes, they want the thing and in that, many people in small things, they become like this, oh I am not able to find car parking, oh this  This is done on car parking, understand the concept here, brothers and sisters, the person who will stay here will pay rent of Rs. 1000 per day after 5 years from today, even today Rs. 1000 is not much rent in hotels, if you go today, I am talking about five star hotels  I am not doing it, go to a normal four star or  It is a little better than three, okay, go for four star type, your rental is 89000, but today the rental for five star is even more, there is an epidemic of hotels, which means there is so much problem, see the price of hotel shares from where  Where have the meetings gone, the coming and going of the people, this product was so fine that if a boy is coming from Bangalore to Gurgaon for internship for three months, then he will be eating for three months, he can stay in a hotel, is it so expensive  And who will pay the rent, his security will be taken away or a six month clause will be put, he is not getting fully furnished, he is not getting that location, there is a complete commercial system here, Cyber ​​Hub 2 is going to be built behind, there is a good road, food and drink upstairs, club and lab  Everything is well taken care of and the person who is staying here is coming with his car, you come from Bangalore to Gurgaon for three months, will you get your car cleaned, and if you do, there is a fee for it like in a commercial building and Even if someone charges that monthly fee, then the maximum figure would be two and a half rupees.  It is a three Haj, two and a half, three and four Haj, he has reduced the rates by that much, so now there are some people left just for car parking, whoever might have come for 200-250 rupees, but those who focused on the main thing that what is its layout  It's cool, the room is so big, the bathroom is good, the view shoe is good to see everything and the kitchen too is totally decent, it is fully loaded, just like when we go to big five star hotels, there is a suite even bigger than that  And that layout is exactly the same, how to do it, so one had to move in it and I am telling you as I am telling you, take the name of a company, let's take the name of any company, which one, Indigo, Indigo has 8000 pilots.  By the time this project is completed, there will be 12-14000 pilots. So sorry, there are 8000 pilots in the whole of India. Indigo has maybe 5000 of them, so it will be 6-7000. Lot of pilots come to Gurgaon for  Simulator training and medicals and everybody, so 130 apartments are enough for a company because only 130 people will stay in 130 apartments, if you add single occupancy and occupancy then 250 people are not 100% occupied all the time, two people do not stay 100%, sometimes one, sometimes two  So, I am talking about such a magnificent tower for 200, 150 to 200 people and the rate is only Rs. 1,000, not today, not next year, not the next year, not the next year, not the next year, not the next year, not the next year, after 5 years, what will come of the money, it will keep on rising and capital appreciation will take minimum 5 years.  It is going to be worth 1 crore, so whoever has bought it for 1.3, brother you should think of 2.3, don't sell the one worth 1.45 for 2.45, your money will be saved easily, it is a plan of 20/5 and it has been brought out at a cheaper rate, the rates should have been higher, it could have been a little lower  But it was announced and it was sold, so those who were left thinking, if the ticket size is right, there are many buyers in the market I want to tell you one thing in The Pricing, I had also done a very iconic and my master class, if you want to see it, then press the join button in the comment section, take the membership of the channel and you will get it, it was a very good class, explained a lot, just recently Haj  People had joined in that, 850-900 of Hajj are okay but there are some members in platinum etc., I mean 1200-1500 people have seen that class, 1500 you can say have seen that class live, around 800-850 were there on the channel  If you take membership of Rs. 2000 then you will see that recording, I explained it in a very nice way, see if something of 3600, 4000 square feet is coming in any size and if there is any other thing then that ticket size becomes a CR, so the moment I get ticket size to CR 2.3  2.4 1.5 If you see anything, if a set of 10 tolas is not selling and a set of 4 tolas is selling, then it does not mean that  The rate of gold has gone down because the rate of gold is per gram but it is per tola, so here the rate of square footage is not going down, the latest update is second, you guys again the Gurgaon market is on fire, Region Max project has come, Rs 4100 crore  The property worth Rs. 10 lakh has been booked, the news has just come in the newspaper, he has acquired another 18 acre land parcel, he is saying that next year he will sell shares worth Rs. 9100 crore, just look at the price of Max in the last 15 days, where the price has gone from one and a half crores  In the month since their project was launched, whatever activity happened, RERA, Share came in the month of August, in the last two months, look at the share price of Max in these two and a half months, what news is coming, is the share price being sold So it is being sold in the market now only the people are saying that the mall has not been sold. Hey brother if the product will be ready in 6 years, it will be ready in a year, then who is crazy to sell it all, why will he sell it all, right now that is the decent rate for everything.  These Godrej guys might have just sold everything Even if 10-12 units are left, how do we know all these things because the videos will tell any story that so much of the goods have been sold and then all of BH is left. You can go and check on RERA's site, you will get the exact details on RERA's site.  It is known how much is left, but who will do that much hard work; no, you do it and tell me why should I tell you, why do I have to give you knowledge for free, I will give it to you for money, you go, you are curious, I am just telling you, the goods have been sold, no, no  There is still some left, yes, if the remaining will be sold, it will be sold next year, otherwise it will be sold next year, otherwise it will be sold next year, otherwise it will be sold next year, there are so many years left, you go to a shop  Hey, you have gone to a rental shop, some other clothes shop, or an expensive one, or a gold shop, and they say like this, brother, there is so much stuff, has it not been sold, I will not buy it, he says like this, he says, brother, the stuff is sold, the stuff comes  Goods are sold, goods come in, go out, sometimes it happens that there is no goods in the shop, if there is goods then we will keep selling it  When all the goods were sold out, some more goods arrived. It happens that jewellery is being sold every day from Tanish's showroom and even then when you go there, it does not end and you get it again, so now you will say no, I am seeing so much, I am looking at only one  Only two sets should be visible or go to buy sweets at the sweet shop, brother, you have kept so much sweets, they are not selling, I don't know sir, there is a sale every day, they are selling or not, but I don't think there is so much left, you will never know friend, what is happening Till the time you take pence and pence, you have to take it. If you are curious then it is written in RERA every three months that yes people do speculating but then watch for the next quarter. Watch for the next quarter to see how many cancellations are coming because they are listed.  Brother, it is a firm, so calculations will have to be done, like Lala ji, you can say this month's, next month's, next month's, this quarter's, next quarter's, this six months', I agree with what you are saying, I am a confectioner myself, I understand dishes.  How is it made, but brother no one can do it for one and a half years  The year comes, the audit comes, there are auditors, there are Big Four, there is a lot, there is a lot, you can go and read the annual report of the listed ones, then the truth will be revealed in a minute, yes, for the ones which are not listed, it takes some time.  But the fact is that I want to ask one more thing that if good units get sold then the remaining happiness is complete then the remaining happiness will go like fairies, for that people should be a little more hungry. No otherwise the man waits and the whole thing is coming, this is not done in weddings and the one which remains a little broken at the end is the one who is hungry and only he has eaten, otherwise bring me one more in the market  It is a bull run, it is secular, it will remain in the market, it makes a lot of this thing because you become popular, but what is the problem in being popular, Modi ji, I also feel that you will be popular.  But how did you gather followers?  Now those followers are such, they are not worthy of anything, they do not have intelligence, discretion and consciousness, now they create a ruckus and bring about your downfall, so when it does not happen so soon in life, the force is run, one has to be cautious many times in between 44000 square feet Projects of 3600 sq. ft. were told to the builders that brother don't delay so much, you can delay 1800 sq. ft. in Gurgaon in the ultra luxury segment, luxury a little above premium, delay 18000 sq. ft. somewhere, meaning in some depressed location  It will be sold, I will sell it myself, if the builder is good then I am saying so myself, but if someone brings it then it is 1800 sq ft, brother, we do not get it for 1800 from anywhere and if the location is good, very good then brother it will be sold for 20, this is the current rate.  I will give you another example, there is a project Shapar ji Palan ji, it is a famous project, it has a very good name, its rate there is 15000 square feet  The deal is done upto Rs.14750, a thing of 1850 sq ft is available for Rs.2.75, now we will put a variation of Rs.10 lakh, PLC lsi location, front, back, bottom, top, so much variation in the market, at 5 to 7, there will definitely be variation in the unit, so I have kept a rough rate  So brother I told you that if I am buying it today and all the money is going in one go, then if someone gives me the position in 7 years, it will take only 7 years because the RERA date is the same for me till date. No one has given anything before the date of RERA, it has been given only after the RERA date, so the builder who has taken the RERA date can take that much time, and the NGT ban, rains, excessive sunshine, saving of labour, all this happens  Yes, builders have to struggle with it and such construction of any project is half- barring and half-thing in which two-three towers were being built, projects are not available so quickly, even Shaper ji which was launched in 2019, whose phase one they took exactly four years  I gave you that it will also take time to get its last phase, so the builder latches on to the phases and gradually releases the rates of Aashiya Amara, you saw from where and how slowly, hey, not all of its stock is completely sold, whatever is left will be sold later.  It will happen after that, the position is of four years now, why sell it all today, all of it is not sold, if the goods are sold at 20, then the builder can do construction, he can open champagne at 40, he can send his employees to Switzerland at 50 He can buy a land parcel at 60, can make an announcement in real estate and his share price can rise to 50 if the goods are sold at 60, these people's goods are sold at 70, on an average, what rate did I tell you that what  Construction will not stop at 20, it will start at 40, the party will tell everyone, they are sitting with an average of 70, so on an average, at 30 on an average, if someone's inventory is left, then what happened, who committed a sin, got sold He will take the entire RERA once, many people take RERA separately, what's the problem, what's the problem, it seems the government will not come, we do n't shy away from talking about politics in Haryana, my channel itself is a political one  So brothers and sisters, now it can be said that there is a change in the government of Haryana, it is not like that, the BJP government has done very good batting, it has run a very good and great government, so if you get tired, then they will take rest for 5 years now.  Let's see brother, what will the rest of the people do? Now you will see such rising players, new players as well, old players will come again, okay, and there will be a buzz in the market, what is the reason brother, C I am not the only one who is Hitesh from Gurgaon, okay  Here all of you have also taken it, it is not like that half of Gurgaon's Rishi is in my name and I am not like that, you all have also taken it, you are interested, you have to understand this, people in the market write that if the rains stop now then Gurgaon will be  It will not set now, Navratri is coming, the sun is shining for the next four months, at least for six months  If it does not sink, then what stories will we tell? Now the one who will tell the stories will come. This government which is going away, has not told any stories for the last 10 months. Goods are sold through stories. Some stories are true, some are false, some are fruitful, some do not.  Some are false from the first day, some become false with time, like the metro will come, the metro is coming, the lion is coming, the lion has come, the lion has come, so 181 such metros have been coming to Gurgaon in the last 10 years. Like the leaders, big leaders of Congress say that these people did not install a single pillar, I am very happy that they did not install a single pillar, due to which the price of real estate increased further, I explained to myself why it is good for me, I was the only one.  In this way the metro will not come, the metro should not come and the metro did not come and the maximum benefit happened but people know that this is what has benefited, if the metro comes then we will eat bread even after the metro comes that it will come, now the rates will increase but the metro  Now the metro government has not come, so what about them earlier?  As soon as the day comes, work will be done to build the metro. On the first day itself will the metro be built in Gurgaon or will 2000 money be deposited in the accounts of women, they will do recruitments quickly, will take care of the farmers, Gurgaon 's number will come in 68 out of 10, okay so when that time comes then  And I will end the video by telling you just one thing, brothers and sisters, the infrastructure is bad, water gets filled, boats get built up, all this happens, it happens and even then the rate is this, the day all this stops happening, what will happen then, think about this  Don't think that oh yuck yuck and it is so expensive, think about it yuck yuck and so much yuck yuck has been removed because a project is being made which will take the water of Aravali to Badshahpur drain, about which there is no fuss, it is a 30 meter wide drain  When it happens that the water does not fill up, what will you do now, where will you go? This year, water did not fill up in Gurgaon. The year in which water does not fill up in Gurgaon, we will increase the rate by 20 rupees because look, from July to September, we have to be humiliated.  Do people like us also cry and abuse, we have another channel for abusing, Guruji from Gurugram does not give Politan here, I am fine, I will give Badhari Chikke there, okay so it is not that those markets are different, but here  I am telling you brother, there is a flat worth 100 crores, Kamaliya, water accumulates there also, water accumulates in front of poor people's houses also, this is democracy, Lavasa was a city of rich people, the government did not allow it to settle, this is India, it is not like this, Italy, France there  The rich have established big cities in Europe, cities are for the rich, this is not India, in India you can become Mukesh Ambani, your house may be worth 15000 crores but outside, I am the one who explains and teaches real estate in India.  That person is not doing it, I am the only one doing it, so write your questions in the comment section which you have in mind, there is no reduction in square feet at any price in Gurgaon, the ticket size will definitely be reduced by increasing the FR and breaking the size They  The dish has been put on the stove, it will take three, four or five months to cook. In the future, you will see projects coming but it's not happening right now. There's a dialogue in Top Gun in which he says that 'Mike his kids are headed for extinction'. Extinction: Okay, he says maybe  Sir yes but today is not the day, so today is not the day for Gurgaon, no correction is coming, no correction will come, they will not let it come and those who will not let it come, who are they, how are they, rest brother, the crow curses the drum and you complete the proverb  There is a Haryana saying, what does it mean, the vultures and the crows will want everyone to die but do everyone die just because vultures and crows are thinking like that, then the choice is yours, you become a peacock, and you become a vulture, and the crow will think that everyone will die  It will go and it will be mine. Now DLF Arbor will be sold at half the rate because right now it is not getting sold in resale at that rate. If any city in India can ever go on the lines of Singapore, then that city will be born  It has happened, I am not saying that the city is Gurgaon but that city has already come into existence, it is not as if it has to go and dig a pit now, so check the assisting cities where there are gentry jobs and money and FY 500 companies and all this.  Where is it already because it takes a lot of effort to bring them, it is very easy to build it, it can be built in 5, 10, 15 years, Greater Noda cannot be built, you do not hear the name of Greater Noda from my mouth, that is why from where will you bring the gentry, from where will you bring the people  Any city is as good as the people there and it is very difficult to bring people. Add subscribers. My quality of subscribers is very good and my quality of subscribers are playing the selection game, not the rejection game. I always tell people that they should get married.  One should have children, buy a house, respect the family, should not think beyond the family, should think about oneself, just enrich yourself and it definitely feels good to write some stories, I also criticize, it is fun, I also criticize guruji says so  I am myself, I am also there but you can't keep the same face all the time because there are 10 things to do, it is a lot of fun to criticize but criticism does not take you anywhere, it is a truth, you do not reach anywhere, you criticize others  I also criticize Modi ji, it's okay but I don't become Modi ji. It's not that if I criticize the Prime Minister, I would have won the councillor's election, I was the PM. By criticizing the PM, I did n't reach anywhere as a councillor.  If you enjoyed it then it's fine. For fun, people drink alcohol, smoke cigarettes, do drugs too. Many people do drugs and remain intoxicated. It's fine; many people enjoy it and that's why they do it, but somewhere  If we don't reach then we have to be practical, what has to happen will happen, we can't stop it and whatever 100 bagger stock happens, whatever we buy, I am lucky to have few multi 100 baggers in my portfolio and Poly Medicar is one of them.  Pola is one of them and which one is 100 bagger or not 10  It is somewhere without any reason, it's okay, don't buy the jam, I am telling you as I am, I am teaching something, I am not trying to impress, I am trying to teach that because if it were so much then I do n't know how many posts I would have made  There was not so much in it, it happened by chance, it is fine, it happened with knowledge, it just happened like this that it was increasing, it was not sold, if any 10 bagger became 10 times it and you sold it, then it became 100 bagger sometime  No, but we have seen that, there are 100 baggers as well, we have also seen 1000 baggers, look at the PD light, how much did it cost, look at the Titan, Rakesh bought the Ti Ch, now it is for Rs. 3800, look at the trend, those are my just my fa sen  Baggers is fine but friend now sell Trent at 7600, it is too much, it has become very expensive friend, what happens in very expensive, I will try to explain by giving some knowledge of stock market as well, there is something called Piva ratio so  What happens in P is that price is above and earnings are below and P- By ratio of many stocks and things remains high. Similarly, P-By ratio of many cities will remain high because their potential is high. So, Asian Paints will always trade at high P Buy you will release lots of good shares will always trade DMA ka kabhi PI buy dekhi lo trend ka dekhi lo tell me trend ka PIVA kya hai and bulk buying is happening all these shares are for information it's a real estate ka clarity this thing  I am not telling you to buy any share but I am just giving you a contactloader listener who is following a share since 1200 rupees so he did not buy it at 2000, nor at two and a half, nor at three rupees, how will he buy it at 7600, he cannot buy it  He can only abuse, how is it like this, will there be so much growth, it is trading at 200 p 200 years, how can this happen, will there be a correction in the stock market, shares  There can be a time correction in the real estate market because people have invested money here, what about the shares, outsiders sell them, some sell them, retailers sit idle many times, so what you have to realise is all of you that  The land parcels that are being bought in Gurgaon by builders are already very expensive, so their end product, if this is a shirt, then let's say the branded type, what else is it, it is readymade, it is not made using cloth, but if it had been made using cloth, then it would have been made using cloth  If these shirts are made and the rate of the cloth increases, then brother, the rate of readymade shirts will also increase. If a tailor charges Rs. 1000 for making a shirt, then he will charge Rs. 1500-2000, then the shirt will become expensive. The supply of cloth will decrease. Cotton Egypt  If people stop coming in, farming in Maharashtra gets ruined, farming in Gujarat gets ruined, cotton prices increase, labor rates increase, something will definitely become expensive, if it is getting expensive, the demand is very high, supply is limited because of the real estate Supply Is Limited Real Estate  The supply is not like Maggi. There was a very good article on this in the Economic Times once, in which they have tried to do something with China. Indian real estate has not been completed properly. It is a bit immature but it suits the people.  After reading that article, I want to give very good knowledge beyond that. I want to prove to you people that when I say I am the number one clarity giver on real estate, I want to prove that sometimes it happens that no  It doesn't happen by speaking, they will say that you are self-styled brother, in this world everything is self-styled, you have to speak for yourself, 56 inch chest is a big leader whose stomach is 56 inches and his chest is not even 44 inches but he is 56  They talk about inches and nobody has gone and measured it, they say it themselves, they have to say it themselves, so don't feel bad about this thing, I am saying here that I want to prove it, I want to give a test to you subscribers, so do you want  That I should discuss that article that brother this is the most  Intellectuals, I don't know what all researchers in the newspaper, Economic Times is a very strong newspaper, they have written English in it, I will read that English and would like to discuss on it and then you people have to decide whether it is self-styled or has some power, okay then you  Tell people if anyone else has the courage, brother, do this test of yourself, come, come to the field, the day the other one comes, I will speak less, I will do less, it is absolutely right and that should also happen, this  No, you have to put yourself for what do you say in appraisal, that brother do the appraisal, it is not, I am the only one saying for the last four years and people who have not listened and have listened to others, they are crying but what will you say when they come  You are saying buy it, buy it, the weather is fine, the weather is fine, it will rain, it will rain, it will rain, it will happen one day, in July-August, yes, it is happening, then it will stop in October, so what if it rained, didn't it?  So people had umbrellas, cars, houses, they did not go and there was also rainy day  We enjoy and we also like pakodas, so what if the share market will fall, fall, fall, two world wars in the last 100 years, Holi 106 years, if we count then I don't know how many crises there have been in the world, Holi Cube Crisis, this Crisis, Nuclear Nuclear  1945 Hiroshima, yes, everything is increasing, the matter will move forward as well, the question is that people have a lot of uncertainty in life and there is anxiety, many people play on this anxiety, I alone say that in my Take constants in life, somehow by crying and crying get a house from anywhere, by begging, parents who give mother-in-law, mother-in-law, father-in-law, he should be a good son-in-law, take care of the daughter, they will give it to you after all, friend, father is your poor  Yes, that is destiny, but father-in-law is freewill, right? Father-in- law is also destiny, is it not destiny?  Is freewill your choice, get a good in-law, spend less on marriage, buy a house, even now in 1.5-2 years, after that no one will be able to buy it in big cities and then those who have bought it will have to pay rent for life, I am telling you and one more generation  Those who are from 1970 will be cut and those who are smart, those of 60-50 are bitter, those of 1970 who earn good money, even those of early 1980 who have figured out, they are the ones who do financially very well, the poor people of Janji will be in trouble.  It is like they are not able to do any work, they are getting more work and they are not getting parent support also because their parents are from 1960, so that problem is big and they will tell you on some other channel, the video is definitely long, they will take you somewhere else  More good videos will come on real estate, like the channel and subscribe it and I am assigning a duty to all of you that two or three people from your family should subscribe to my channel because until the family does not come together and think intelligently,  There is no use of you taking the knowledge alone, give the video to father, give it to mother, give it to wife, give it to sibling, give it to brother-in-law, yes brother we can take it together, if three-four people can also take it together then  Divide it into three close relatives, you cannot trust them. Hey, if the registry is being done in your wife's name, then which one will get the trust? Do you want to trust him? You have to trust him. You have to trust two houses at different times.  But you took it, then divide it. One of them bought a house worth one crore, the payment plan was for 4 years, he gave 50 lakhs each, then after three-four years when things got a little better, after two-three years, he was not willing to take one crore, then take it together.  Now the first one has become one crore rupee, its rent is coming to Rs. 1.6-1.7, the second one also gets a position, then divide it, then you take this or that, there is a difference of 20 lakhs in the valuation of both, you give me 20 lakhs  Give it to me, I will give it to you, it is equal, what a great idea you told me  And instead of two, you can get three as well, people take the maximum of three, otherwise it remains that two or three people will cheat their parents, cheat their mother-in-law and father-in-law, cheat their brother-in-law and sister-in-law and cheat their brother-in-law and sister-in-law.  If you give it to me then you are anyway living a miraculous life, if you have nurtured such a relationship and how will you cheat me, I want to know how you cheated me, you took a loan of 80 lakhs, there is a liability of 40 lakhs and you are giving 20 lakhs to both of you  The down payment was of Rs. 10 you gave 10 he gave 10 it is in both names, tell me how will I get cheated, I want to know how will you cheat even if you want to, yes you bought the gold and put it in his locker, you have the receipt, no you don't have the proof  He said that this is mine, I have accepted this as a fraud, I am asking you to buy gold because what should I do with it now, but brother how can there be fraud in this, tell me, wake up customer, wake up, buy a house, get married, you already want this, there is benefit for you  You are ready to ruin your life in jealousy for my benefit. All the people are ready, those humans, only one work is left for me to do, selling wood for the cremation ground and I will start that too, then how will you stop my benefits, the chat is also mine, the pat is also my obstacle, so headon talen in case of the coin like this  You belong to Papa Ji, what is the benefit of trolling, so that Mukesh Ambani does not get any benefit, I will consume less Jio data, Mukesh Ambani will also be laughing, don't be laughing brother, you will fill petrol in the car and will not do any other work, everything will be in the breath  Even if they take any action, Adani or Ambani will benefit. In India, if you even breathe, Adani and Ambani benefit. Now we have to boycott them and make them look like their eyes, as it is said in Haryana language, Adani and Ambani's eyes.  Many people stopped breathing due to this. I don't know whether their components might be there in the air purifiers as well, they have also sold air purifiers. I will not go to Adani's hospital, if it is opened, I will not go to it. It will benefit from this hospital. I will not go to Narayana Hrudayalaya, they will benefit from it.  I will not go to the field because I have seen its lion You have bought it, if your father does not get the surgery done in the hospital then I will benefit from it, hey brother who is an investor which I also am and you people are also smart then there is benefit in everything, when you travel sitting inside Indigo  Even if you do n't want to travel, you have still bought lions. Suppose someone is giving the example of Indigo. I do n't want to reveal my portfolio much, so what will you do now? You have bought Indigo's lions. If you do n't become rich, we will not travel by Indigo, we will travel by Air India.  We will go away brother, that is all for you, now see what advantage the creator has, just like the creator can troll, the subscribers or the audience cannot do that many times because we have the platform, hello friends, we have it, you will write one line in the comment section I answer all of them at once, why do I have to do it again and again because our subscribers who are loyal and who enjoy it, they should also see it, right? When these questions are asked, why are they written in the comment section?  There are many people on YouTube who only write their comments section They close it, they open it selectively for one or two videos, okay so I just write whatever you want to write, I say understand how the game is played and play the game, don't become a random real estate, there is no problem in this  No, but you cannot stop yourself from doing good in real estate. You can avail indirect benefits of doing good in real estate. I will tell you about five-seven stocks. You can check their returns in five months because they are directly linked to real estate. The construction has just been completed.  The tiles are yet to be laid, the plywood boards are yet to be laid, but they are first seeing a surge. Look at the share of Kajaria Ceramics, how it has performed, look at Century Plyboard, look at Green Panel, look at Green Plywood, even look at Havells, this electricity, vidyut and this  He puts everything, look at this indirect Cera sanitary ware, further you check which one you want to buy, see which valuations of Astral Poly seem right to you, all this stuff has to be put which stuff has been sold where construction is going on  Now so many houses are being built on Dwarka Expressway, in Gurgaon and in other places, so brother, they will be painted someday, mirrors will also be installed, fans will be installed, people will also live here, look at the washing machines, look at the stock price of WAF  Where has it gone from here to there, so do n't cry, first of all stop crying and look at the share of the enterprise, now you have to open a finance channel in real estate as well, but many times it happens that you are remembering the wisdom, give it to me, look at the share of the enterprise in the last one year  What is it, what product does it make, check the voltage, if so many houses are built, will ACs be made, which AC is listed with where, what is the share price, what all things need to be installed in this house, tiles will be laid, fans will be installed, wood work will be done  If the public will not get it done then which good plywood are these, there is also a company which paints wood, do research on that, Sirka Paints is from Kirti Nagar, what is its price, they are not asking anyone to buy it, they are saying to put it on the watch list  Do your due diligence and don't abuse the fact that real estate will fall to very high prices  I understand that votes are not bought but it is not within everyone's reach because the main thing is leverage. If you buy all these shares that I mentioned for Rs 10 lakh, what will happen, they will become 20 lakhs but if the property is worth two crores and that share is worth 10 lakhs  Even if it increases, it increases by Rs 20 lakh. Your property worth Rs 2 crore increases by only 10 lakh. And to buy a property worth Rs 2 crore today, you don't need to have Rs 2 crore, but to buy shares worth Rs 10 lakh, you need a demat account of Rs 10 lakh.  I want you to understand what I am saying but what is the use of explaining when there is more benefit in misleading and cajoling there is more benefit in scaring when you get lashed for explaining and get views by cajoling then what will the people do most of the YouTubers in India  Fresh buddhu banana word is actually more vulgar but I am a guruji so I don't use vulgar words, if I want to I can do it okay and I know how to do it but still you use the word buddhu or something else  I don't use the words that Pankaj Tripathi ji uses in Mirzapur, he doesn't use those words that brothers and sisters, making you a fresh fool is much easier than convincing you, what has happened is when fear has been instilled in you and the fear goes away with knowledge, clarity comes with knowledge What do they say in astrology that shows the light of God, the moment light comes, you get clarity and fear goes away and remember that thing in life, always remember this thing, always go for adding value and increasing your net worth and money and Wealth or simply say in Hindi, Lakshmi ji why because it is written in Lakshmi ji's aarti, Diwali is about to come, everyone will read this line, everyone knows this line anyway, everything becomes possible, if the mind does not get nervous, then those whose mind gets nervous, it means the mind is nervous Lakshmi ji will not come to you because where Lakshmi ji is, the mind does not get scared, so first of all the mind is fickle, Pushpa, Rajesh Khanna had said this many years ago, reduce the fickleness of the mind, stay away from those who scare you, come to those who give you clarity and  Any man who is strong It will not always be available for free and attitude will also be visible, so brothers and sisters, I finish this video, I hope it was well utilized 40 minutes of your life, don't be afraid, in real estate India no one teaches or explains and the biggest ticket size of your life  Ticket purchase is done. Even in the life of a rich man like Mukesh Ambani, the most expensive purchase is his house and I know he owns jets, aircrafts also and he owns diamonds and money is also spent on the marriage of his children but if there is any one thing which is the most expensive  He has spent money and bought assets, so it is his Antilia which has the highest value in his life, the rest are shares, reliance1, be it a big man, whether he lives in a slum, or EWS, or affordable, or poor, or rich.  Real Estate is Something You Can't Get Away With Without Learning and I've Taught It Beautifully in a Course Rump Course Real Estate Mentoring Program If You're Listening Till Now and You Want  To enroll for that there is a Navratri discount for that now and you must definitely look at it and buy it during the Navratris itself and it will start from Navratris itself, enroll now at a discount, you will get excellent recordings of two and a half hours each, if you want to start your life in real estate  In it is super knowledge, so what do you have to do for that, you need to ramp up, you need to ramp up to me and after that we will see to it and I am not getting any certificate, knowledge is knowledge, Ramdev ji  You have n't got the yoga certificate yet, so get the knowledge, apply it in your life, have fun and with that you can become rich immediately in two months, how much, that depends on you, I am not making any claim, okay  if yes then please do thank you very much