Hello friends, I am bringing the latest update of Gurgaon real estate, what is happening because what is fast, what is cold, whether investors have fled, whether there is FOMO or not, whether builders are tired, these questions will be there for all of you, is it ok, are the rates low?  What will happen, will the rates increase, will the property increase, what will decrease, what will come, so I am telling you the information about the cycle and that trend which has now changed after 15th August, I am telling a lodger. This festive season has started, it is raining, Shirad will come again, it is Navratri, so I am telling you about the next two to four months, do not miss out, take take away from it, it will not be a simple one or this because come like this and tell me. Oh rate, it will go 500 feet, this is stupid, tell me it will crash, this is stupid, then understand exactly what is happening, perhaps no one has made such a video, this can happen on videos, these days I watch more videos of others.  I do n't watch it because I do n't have five channels of my own but I can handle it. Okay, so if someone else has created this like me and has given this messaging, then write down his name and I will follow him too. Listen carefully and understand carefully. Gurgaon Real Estate.  There is one primary market. What is the primary market? The fresh thing comes and is launched fresh. Beyond which the world goes crazy. All the promotions take place. That is the primary market. There is one secondary market. The secondary market is the goods.  It is available in resale, it is ready to move in and is in advanced stage of construction and is also under construction. This is called secondary market which is where you make a one on one deal with a buyer or seller who has taken the original. Primary market. When the builder issues the allotment letter directly in your name, then you have understood what is happening in the primary market. If you look at the period from April, May, June to July-August, there are so many losses.  Not so many have come, but not so many have come and those who have come have 50 plus bookings, none of the projects will be built before six to seven years, I have explained this earlier because it will take three to four months for construction.  If it is not there, then the one which is taken for 4 years will be six to seven and I am giving another big proof of it. You can see the deadline of every project in the RERA certificate which the builder has taken from the government, then if the builder has  If he has 100 days, he can make it in 99 days and if he can't make it in 100 days, he can take 110 days from the government, so he is in no hurry to make a lot and give it to you in two years, he will make it as per his own and  Will sell as per his wish. Same thing happens in Mumbai too, so the thing that was there has changed that 100% projects are not being sold out nor builders are leaving because they are not reducing the rates. There is something good in the payment plan.  The time has come to do it, but the builders are still showing their strength or not, we will remain in this construction gender but we will take it in two years, then we will keep positioning it in the next year, this is going on now, this is going on, this dilemma.  Things are going well right now, Lo Rice's arrival was certain, a big listed player's arrival in Haryana does not mean in Gurgaon and he is still in the plus four page, again he got stuck in the court, date after date is going on, so you are getting delayed. But brother, that too if you see, it was a thing which was priced at Rs 1.92 Cr, now you are not getting any of that at the price at which it was being priced, so there are some projects now which are very value for money, which will become three from today. After four months, this is my complete practical analysis for you. Sometimes what happens is that we look at this thing, it seems expensive, I don't know, the rate has increased a lot, then suddenly some other segment comes which is cheaper in rate.  It is 50-60 lakhs but brother, if we look at the value for money then it seems to be more value for money. I want to tell you this, the second thing that surprised me and you may think that my prediction was a little wrong but  Now, that thing I believed in resale was that there would be a slight cooling in the primary market and the resale market would become hot and many things were sold in the resale, so The Correct Current News to  All of you who are listening is that nothing is happening in the resale market, then you will say, hey, even resale is not being sold, so the primary is cooling down a bit, so no, the market itself is cooling, no, no, no, many buyers are coming in resale.  There are many who want to buy, many queries are coming but sales are not happening, the sellers are sitting tight, the main reason for this is that whatever launches were done and the people who are looking forward for resale, their payment plan is something like this.  It is said that the payment is not coming in 2024. I researched 15 projects which are in different stages of construction. Well, in my research I came to the conclusion that in the next three to five months, put the athletics up till the end of this year in 2024. Lo, if no payment is coming, then no payment is coming, then the customer who sells the seller has no gun on his shoulder, he is thinking that a new government will come, the atmosphere in the country is also a little like this, elections will be fine.  Results will come, rains are falling, Sarad Raad will come, this festival will come, the weather will get better, after that, Karva Chaut will come, then one by one, first Dussehra, then all of them, Bhai Dooj, in between, Diwali, then you know, festivals will open all over India.  When marriages take place, the atmosphere changes, the position of the Sun changes and a lot of things also change astrologically, then people are willing to wait.  And those videos were made of people like us and I said, don't sell now, when you are not asking for your money then why are you selling, brother, you don't have money, you are getting very high premium in the market because you are looking for resale deals in the market.  Hey buyer, he wants a distress sale of Rs 1.5 crore whatsapp2 and he laughs like me because if it is an item worth ₹ 1 and it has been called a distress sale at a price of ₹ 110, then people's attention goes to the distress sale, they do not realize that  100 has been changed to 110 and it is not a distress sale. Brother, it is more than a normal sale and then you will sell it for ₹ 1 and call it a distress sale. Now it has many subscribers from you. The world is a part of these groups, so when that distress  If the cell sees too much distress then the mind feels that it is distressed. Okay stress and distress are okay then there is a lot of distress. So brother hey brother.  Look at the rate of distress. If something is worth Rs 2 crore and is being sold for Rs 1.5 crore then it is distress. If it is being sold for Rs 80 then it is still distress. A thing worth Rs 2 crore is being sold for Rs 2 crore 10 but distress is written on it.  I do n't get distressed by this, okay, who told me this thing is okay, those are the sellers who want me to sell it, I had just bought it and they ask questions about some broker and some anthia too.  He doesn't have to do that because he feels it or he is asking the rate because he knows that in Gurgaon market Guru ji has told that there is no need to sell, so everyone is enjoying the rate and he is asking the rate and I am calling him a customer.  I will put it, then he will say no thank you, so this is a strange thing, in a way, no one is doing anything, neither is anyone facilitating these deals, nor is the seller very determined. Everybody 's year is number eight.  This is just the way the matter is going on, no one can say at all whether real estate is cold or real estate is very hot right now, but where is the advice, what is it now, after making so many videos, you are getting something in resale brother.  If someone else is ready to sell then take it brother, don't throw tantrums because the rates have to increase further, the density has to increase and people are not focusing on density. If the same unit of the same size is available at the same rate then more density.  If it is three times, brother, the previous one was good, if he had taken it then understand this thing, you all are here in Gurgaon real estate, those who want to buy or sell, then there are three to four projects in them, if you want to sell then you want to buy.  So let me tell you that if you want to sell or buy something in these four projects Godrej Meridian Shahpur JI 102 Shobha 108 and Lan 106, then you can connect on the given number. I am a buyer here and I am a seller here so that is the best what ever is and first of all I am giving advice. If the seller has no compulsion at all then don't sell, don't sell even now. This is the advice for the buyer, brother, take it.  If you are a buyer then you can register now, if yes, if you find anything then please let me know and the seller can also change the price of what will be sold, it will not be a distress sale.  Definitely, it will not be like that if your project is 2 years old or a new project which is launched now, then you get something at the rate of new project or new tower, you are able to sell it in resale, this is a wrong thing, isn't it that you pay more money to him? Construction is too much, it will go soon, the payment plan is different, so if the builder is offering this rate now, then you will not get that rate, so you will also have to be wise, how much will you get, we will tell you, it is a dynamic situation, that week.  It changes according to the real estate, not according to the day, but the rate changes every week, depending on the sales. If a deal is done so much, then it becomes firm, then the rate becomes the same at which a deal is made.  If it is done and one deal is being done every week, for sure the market knows that yes, if it is done in this much time then that much is done, then it will not be beneficial to quote some rate today and with a project also, you know that people  PLCs are given in a project, the rate varies from 5 to 10, you know, depending on the floor, what is the facing, what is the sunlight, what is the shade, do you know that people have also paid that much, so 5 Q.  Very easily, if there is a variation of up to 100% in other wise even cases, then it cannot be called a standard rate. An item worth ₹ can be available for ₹ 105-110 and it can also be worth buying.  And there is that much difference in the rent too, it can vary up to 5 rupees, it does not matter more than 5 rupees, but if you are interested, you can do it on the given number for awareness about it and what strategy to follow.  I will do a webinar this week. When you are listening to this video, give a webinar info [music] in the comment section. You have to do this, who has to take what, how to take it, but I am definitely telling you a secret, brothers and sisters.  I will close the end by speaking, I deliberately tell it at the end of the video so that only those who watch till the end with full faith can benefit and if you have heard this then please write the secret of the end in the end. Have you heard what is the secret which no one has told.  It has not been told that for the last 10 years in Gurgaon, from 2014 to 2024, which is the last 10 years, even one acre of land in Gurgaon has been changed by a big builder or nothing has happened, all the land has been purchased. This builder with the previous license has sold it, he has sold it, he has sold it. Whenever you see that this builder has bought the land, then from whom did he buy it? Very little has been done by this builder to go to the farmers and transfer their land. So if one acre is an exaggeration, then I can say that brother, out of 100 projects, 98 projects and 99 projects have not had any fresh change land use. In the last 10 years, you understand, in the luxury segment.  In the luxury segment, in the premium segment, if 300 projects have come up with lets in Gurgaon in the last 10 years, then 290 plus were already licensed. If it does not seem to be new, then it is licensed because many times when I do comparison, people ask, Gurgaon, Mumbai. No, there is no Mumbai. What is the sea in Mumbai? There is a sea, so a man cannot go into the sea here. Okay, so there is a limit in Gurgaon as well.  There is a limit in Gurgaon too, from Dwarka Expressway it becomes Delhi, if you go here, you will go to Jhajjar, if you go down, you will get drunk and if you go further east, then you will come to UP, Palwal, Balwal will come and that means there is a limit in its geography, if you go here, then there is a limit. Then he will come to Delhi, okay, the limit is fine, but despite that, now a farmer is sitting with the land parcel of one acre or two acres, no one is ready to consolidate it.  Some are not ready to sell, some are factory type C, some have made it from unauthorized houses, some are not consolidating, land S is not really available, I am giving the best example of this, the best builder is one off.  The best builder Shahpur ji Shahpur ji Very nice project in 102 sector Good project Timely delivery Good vibes Everything good happened The builder people are also happy This builder last  Have they not been able to buy any land in 4 years? Do they not have the intention to build? Do they not feel like expanding? Brother, a builder has launched a project. He has a good name and has done a good job in the market. So he should have brought more.  They could not find it because their criteria are a bit strict. The land parcel should be like that of Bombay's best. It should be like this here. They could not even type it because the rest of the North Indian builders have a difference of sixty percent among themselves. They have to sit and do it every day, they have already taken everything and made arrangements among themselves and made them do that because what many people do is they take his loan, a little bit remains in the deal.  Taking this type of deal, taking over a person's land which is mortgaged at six places, how developed is the legality in it? The bank also has someone else's share, a builder also comes in it and you have seen the shoes of these builders also ringing.  are newspapers  You have seen that this builder filed a case against him, that builder did the same, issues are still going on with the land, some listed players are also having issues, you write in the comment section in the comment section with whom he had made it in collaboration, so many people Many people do not want to purchase outright land. If it is okay in their name, then this is the reality of Gurgaon. The land is not available so much, so do not think that something cheaper is going to come for those who did not buy.  No, he is waiting, there will be a crash, crash, crash, what will happen, the thing of 00 will become 99, this will be the crash, what else will crash, and this also does not seem to be happening, for me, the thing of 00 is seen becoming 120, for sure shot him.  You will not realize that it is a 120 bus, it will change its size, it will provide amenities, it will tell stories, it will do something, all these means, there are many people with clear brains who will do all this. Increase the tax on a thing and you don't even know whether it is ghee or ghee or any liquid, it is sold on litre, it is sold on kg, there is 91 kg in 1 litre, it has to be sold as per kg, you don't know that.  Will work Square meter Square feet Square yard Can curdle your mind Carpet area Exclusive area Balcony area Brother, they are all limited, you will never know how much the property was taken by the person and what rate he got, only the builder is there When the buyer gets the agreement done in the tehsil, then it is realized that this is the truth of life, I am definitely laughing, it is a matter of pain and this is the thing that people come to know, brother, this is this, we will give you this, this is the plan.  This is PLC, this is this plan, like this, okay, okay, there is so much crowd in the allotment and I become so knowledgeable myself, or I also go there and come to know about the exact rate of the units I have bought and sold.  According to carpet area carpet, that area is the actual carpet and there is no exclusive area in it, then you get worried if the rate is so high, then he is told that brother, the balcony is not counted in this, then add both and reduce both of them by 1.4.  After doing this, your super area is obtained. Yes, and by dividing it, the thing which is sold at 18000 feet, 20000 feet, 16000 feet, is a super area, but the super area is only a mansion.  If it is not there then that rate is not even mentioned anywhere, it comes out of the mouth somewhere, that rate is not written anywhere, something different will be written in the paper, now we do not have to worry about this, we have to learn, brother, it is like this, this is how gold is.  Rate per gram, this is OK but rest of the charges GST making charges, all these charges are interesting, be a little proactive, those who have not bought, have not bought, do not keep waiting, now is the time to buy, only in the rainy season is the time to buy, nothing is cheap.  It must be getting expensive. Everyone is sitting like this after October 4th. What is happening on October 4th? Numol ji also does great work. There is a lot of love for October 4th. Who is the second leader of India? What is his date of birth?  Numol ji let's add 4th October 2024, we will calculate 4th October char and one pa and 2024 kitna aa aa and pa 13 amazing this also becomes four only, the result came on 4th June, now come on 4th October  There is four numbered sector, eight numbered sector, my videos were also posted on the head, four numbered flat unit, eight numbered unit, the world does not work without the number four, it is the number of Rahu, brother, it is the number of Rahu, okay, learn about the number four, understand that we are one of our precious ones.  A course is also going on, if you want to join then you can also write to me Newmol ji. If you want to join the course, if you are ok then like the channel and share. Thank you very much.