Hello friends, the topic of real estate education is going to be very good, I am going to tell you an inside story about how to check the intention of a secret builder. We check any builder, whether he is a good builder or a bad builder, brother, if you do not take him then take it today.  I am going to tell a technique to my subscribers, please share this video again for everyone's benefit, I will probably have to leave this one, if not for the sake of education, then many times I have such content, I want more people to see it.  Don't know but it will be good for everyone but if I am requesting you to share the video with 10 people then do it brother, I will tell you by taking the example of Haryana real estate, it is available, it is applicable pan India, whenever any builder  When a project comes, it has a RERA certificate and a RERA application. By going to the RERA site, you can see the application of any builder who is registered in Haryana.  The certificate is different, the application is different, it is also visible easily, you can see inside it, the names of the promoters are there, we know about every group, who is the owner in it, we also know the names of their heads, we also know the names of all the different heads.  Names can be there, we can take names, what can I say if it is not their name, it is their washerman's name, it is their milkman's, it is their cart driver's name or any other name, if it sounds like a bad name, then brother, its intentions are very bad and many more like this.  There is not one example but many, you will know like he is the top player of India, he is a listed player, he is the king of real estate, he is number one in India, if you go to their RERA, there is a photo of their entire board, brother, there is so much transparency, not just one but seven.  You will see seven or eight people, their name, address, mobile number, email ID, all transparency, all transparency, their noses are deep like this, and the earlier ones are also like this, they know that you are the owner.  You know, this is the photo, that person is also going to jail, it is okay, but because the name is known, who is going where, everyone's surname is known, but when you see their RERA certificate, brother.  Sisters, brothers, sisters, his name is not there, why is his intention bad, why is your name not there, everyone knows that you are a promoter, why is your name not there, your name is there somewhere inside it, the name of your brothers and sisters, you are the director, the owner of the company.  Any  By making something else, something else is called and it is called that pieces have to be inserted. This is a small video but the tip is also small but it tells a lot. It does not mean that those whose names are inserted are at all  Some are clean and there must be something wrong, okay, it is not like that at all, there can be a lot of wrong there too, but brother, where even the name is different, then there is something wrong, you understand, cholera is many.  Bar life does not require that anything be done like this.  We used to study in maths or there were theorems or something like this, cholera is like this, sometimes its opposite is not necessary that it is right, we have to be careful, there are many things, so small things like this  -Small practical things, my job is to bring, tell, teach. You will find the webinar info group in the comment section. If you have not joined yet, because there I spread real estate awareness. Real time opportunity.  Let me explain Pan India, let me explain in the top 710 cities, so if you have not joined yet, then you will get the link, you can join that group in the comment section. Thank you very much, subscribe to the channel, if you were watching Age A Forward. You will get to see a lot more and know more when the videos will come. Thank you very much.