Hello friends, long term capital gain tax on real estate indexation benefit has been removed. Beyond this, I have come to give clarity to you that this is very good for real estate, brothers and sisters, not bad, higher order thinking has to be done, not first order, I am India's.  Number One Real Estate Clarity Giver I am going to explain this to you very well, it will not be difficult to understand carefully, but let me explain simple mathematics. What is indexation benefit? There is an index by which you  The acquisition cost, which is incurred on multiple sales of your property, increases more after adjusting for inflation. I will tell you as an example that 20 years ago, you bought a flat on lets for Rs 20 lakhs and today you sold it for Rs 1 crore. Brothers and sisters, how many?  If you bought for Rs 20 lakhs and sold it for Rs 1 crore, then we will calculate what was the situation before this rule came. The situation was that your acquisition of Rs 20 lakhs.  The cost is 20 lakhs, it will not be considered, an index formula will be used in it, today that index was running at 363 per cent, it started from 2000, that index has increased from 100 to 363 per cent, today it is around 3,363 per cent, so approximately it was 117, 20 years ago.  Three times the cost can be considered as its acquisition cost. If the price is Rs 60 lakh then the acquisition cost is Rs 60 lakh. Suppose you sold Rs 1 Crore and got a profit of Rs 40 Lakhs. According to the tax on this Rs 40 at Rs 20, you would have had to pay tax of Rs 8 Lakhs, then this figure would be Rs 8 Lakhs. Remember what has happened now, all this mathematics has been removed and it was said that it is easy.  Off that is, what is that, I will tell you that the real estate will be boosted, the maximum benefit of the government is due to the real estate boost, that is what I will tell you, so what is the law now, this is the law that you have taken the thing worth Rs. 20 lakhs.  If it was sold for one crore then the profit was 80 lakhs, all the goals are missing, now you have to pay 80 lakhs at 125, then 80 lakhs off at 125, if you calculate then how much will be the profit. If it comes close to 10 lakhs then it will be 2 lakh rupees.  There is a gain, there is a gain in the sense that you will have to pay more or you can call it a loss, you should know the rough mathematics. First of all, before crying, you should know the rough mathematics that if it is worth one crore rupees.  If I take the same thing for example, if you had bought it 5 years ago, you would have bought it in 2000 20, like its indexation benefit was very less and there was not that much appreciation, in so many years the number was 301, so it was a very high number, the older the property.  There had to be more benefit in that amount, so now it has been understood that if the property is 20 years old and is worth Rs. 20 lakhs and if it is worth Rs. 1 crore then  If it makes a difference of Rs 2 lakh then extrapolate beyond this x2 - But still it is beneficial, I will explain how. Now understand carefully, even if you have to pay more tax, there is a provision to save long term capital gain tax. We have Rs 2 crore, so if I invest Rs 80 lakh in fresh property.  If I give what is my capital gain, then my capital gain tax will be adjusted and it will become zero. How else do I benefit from this and how can I take benefits one on one? Let me explain whether this is a limit of Rs 2 crore or make it Rs 4 crore.  Can something else be done? How can it be played? Before crying which is the habit of the middle class, move ahead in everything, understand that now there is no choice but people will reinvent at least the Gains: If someone wants to marry his daughter by selling his property, everyone knows that a person either buys a property or maybe he is sending his child to a foreign country, it could be a huge expense or if he is marrying a child, then everyone  There is no need to get married. Brother, if you invest the capital gain that has been made in the property, then that tax will be saved and you can spend as much as you had on the property. If you have told me a very easy method then the person will buy the property only.  sell property  Will buy only property and tax can be zero then what is the problem because now real estate will be better than long term equity because there is a provision to save, there is no saving, according to me the prediction is also that all these rates  Will also gradually increase, one day everyone's rate will be 30, but as the middle class gets a little richer, the load will come beyond that, this is the truth of life, many people write 'my' like this, oh this is very bad.  five crores Yes, the property is so expensive, should I get a Dubai visa, should I get a golden visa, then why don't I go, it is not easy to go, brother, what will I do after going there? People are happy and want to know about Dubai.  So I will give you clarity about Dubai also, there were big options, I also used to think like this, the only difference between me and you is that whatever you think today and I used to think 5 years ago, I can only claim a little.  all human  Beings go by these emotions and if something was so easy to do then many people would have done it. What are the conditions, what are the benefits, what are the benefits, will tax be saved, is tax really saved? If the income is being generated from India, then what from Dubai?  Jax is saved, can I save my friends, what happens, yes, you can go and do it, there is some problem, it is not that easy, so I hope you understand in this thing that how much difference it has made, the difference is big, paying tax but like this  Not there.  That someone is a game changer, brother, two and a half percent has increased there, if yours was at 10, if 10 is in the equity market then it has increased at a clean rate, here also the same percentage is coming as per the calculation which I told you, the same % is that of 20.  But I told this with the help of this example but why would I give it if I can adjust it, at 99% of the price of property purchase, people buy property only after selling it and if no one feels like selling it, then it is in the market.  This means that the supply is not coming. Brother, he will say no, I do not sell. If I have to pay so much tax, I keep it. So, such supply is not coming in the market. How will it become cheaper for the buyer. Tell me how to reduce the price of the property.  The property will become anything. We say that there is a negative in real estate. Where is the negative? Brother, I am saying that there is no negative for the equity market too, that too by the time the market gets closed, once it falls, we would have digested this much.  Let's do it gradually, this is called Boyle Frog Syndrome, gradually we will adjust, increase it to 2.5, then 2, then one, then take half, they will take the complete details on my Guruji from Gurugram channel, this is what I told 20 things.  If you were wondering what are the take aways, subscribe to that channel also. If you have n't done so, then read the other wise comment section on Real Estate Webinar Info Group, which is now an opportunity that has arisen.  It is clear that real estate is emerging as a go to investment from the government side also but the market is for the aware investor. You cannot blindly decide where to buy something and at what rate. It is a pick and choose market. Location specific city specific builder specific asset size specific payment plan specific ticket size specific demand supply specific local gentry  Specific, now people like us are feeling very good because now people like us will be respected a little because now guidance will be needed in the market, he is another wise, so I told Nana, in one year it turned out that donkeys, horses, lame, donkeys are lame, sir.  I didn't know who was there, there was so much dust flying, you couldn't distinguish but now you have to know, you have to know, this is the thing I teach to you people who want to learn. You join the Real Estate Webinar Info Group. Real Estate Mentoring Program is also going on. That is a paid course of Real Estate. If you want to join then short form of Rump Real Estate Mating Program is available on the given number. Now you can  People have the clarity that they do not need to worry about it because all the tax can be saved, like in the equity market, capital gain of Rs. 1.25 lakh can be saved, there is nothing to be done for that.  The government said, come on, what is the capital gain of a common man, he will not have to pay up to Rs. 1.25 lakh, if he has long term gain in equity up to Rs. 1.25 lakh in a particular year, if it is up to Rs. 2 lakh then he will have to pay tax.  You will have to pay more than that 1.25 lakh, so I hope you have understood that there is a limit there, here the limit is Rs 2 crore, so the real estate is Rs 2 crore versus Rs 1.25 lakh. The winner brothers and sisters, real estate is the winner because for a common man, Rs 2 crore is a lot of capital gain adjustment, so I hope and after that, the quantity tax is to be paid on Rs 125, beyond that, I have cleared this thing. Like the channel. Subscribe Share Thank You Very Much