Hello friends, it will be a very good video to watch in its entirety. There will be a tailed analysis. Impact of Haryana's elections on real estate. I will discuss the impact in many places within Haryana. Where should you invest, where will the rates increase, I will tell the names of two, four, five, six cities. I will tell the reasoning. Off course video.  It will be political but you know there is no point in talking about all this because no real estate channel will talk like this to explain, okay so I am explaining, you try to understand first of all in Haryana.  BJP government has come, if 48 MLS and Independents also support then there will be a very stable government of 50 years. There is a double engine government, that is one aspect but now we will have to understand the politics for what will happen on real estate in this election.  Those who used to speak historically in Stronghold used to speak in English or used to speak Garh in Hindi and those of Congress have reduced or ended, one perhaps Rohtak is left, a little or the other wise Sonipat. Rest of BJP's strongholds have also emerged and South Haryana has emerged in it, so first of all I will cover for outside investors, for those from Haryana, I will cover four five six cities, so your city can also be in it. And there will be complete advice as to who has to do what, share and like the video and whatever reasoning is being given, you want to question it, if you agree to question then you want to counter it.  So please tell us in the comment section so that our knowledge increases together. Okay, so first of all I am extremely now bullish on Gurgaon, otherwise it was there before also, it was there before, but now it is clear cut, you see this, 2024 is completely almost October is here and completely gone.  Is without any much thing from the government when Khattar ji changed and after that Haryana is running in election mode now go to government  The formation is a breath, from November onwards we will start seeing the truth to an extent that the same stilted plus four issue is pending, now again the High Court has asked the government what will the government do, now that the government has come, it will also take a decision, you see.  The policy was going on for one and a half years and then the High Court was formed, so all those things which are bottle necks, you will see them getting fixed. The second biggest thing is the good news. I feel that Rao from Gurugram.  Narbir ji seems to me to be taking a good portfolio, becoming a minister for the last time, there was no mattress leader on that post like this, I am here, now what will happen to me, but you all will also support me, those who are interested in athlete Gurgaon.  It is in my opinion that Rao Narbir ji should be made the Deputy CM because South Haryana deserves this athlete because in 2014 it was given to BJP again in 19th and in 24th then that much. BJP will also have to maintain loyalty now that there is a leader here who lives with a good margin and that is also the internal politics of BJP, from Amit Shah ji to Narveer ji, which is known to all of us in the newspaper and this is the demand.  This is an open domain thing and I am not giving any such secret out, we all know it, so if it is so, then we real estate people can also speak for the real estate because if the waste management is good.  If the infrastructure side of Gaya gets fixed then the rates of Gurgaon which have increased so much that they always say that they have increased, if all this other stuff gets fixed then you will see where Sohna will go. Will do very well. Job creation will happen in Gurgaon and  Gold rates are increasing on which lines from here? Now you see, nothing has come there but someone is sitting with land. What can happen to Rewari?  The highway through Pataudi will open in four-five-six months. There is a lot of attention of builders there too. I am telling you that there also you will see 11,122,000 square feet of lakes and they will attract many people, which is today called New Gurgaon and where  Have you seen the rates increasing? Do you know the rates of this area of ​​Sector 89, Sector 90, 91, 92, 93 and if you see them increasing then all this is also zoomed.  It will become Gurgaon, meaning it will not be called New Gurgaon. This story will continue further. If Pataudi moves towards Rewa also, this area will become more mature because a lot of vote bank has come from there, many MLAs have come from there too and we will have to sleep everywhere. Now I am seeing more businesses coming in Sona. This attraction is bound to come because for the last one and a half year and a quarter it was feeling that the government will change, the government will change and that peak.  By this time, everyone was surprised, so beyond that, I made my detail video on the political channel. If you guys are not a subscriber of Guruji from Gurugram channel, then please go and make a detail video on that channel. Haar Haar and Seven Reasons End. Takeaways are a completely different political thing but here I would like to put it on real estate, so this is Gurgaon, I am very bullish and the region I want to tell is I see next in Gurgaon. In five years, because now the government is for 5 years, then write the IC minimum in five years, somewhere 20 lakh new people coming to Gurgaon, Gurga is already worth 23 24 25 lakh, 20 lakh people are coming, I can see clear cut, who are these people?  So there are those from Delhi who will come, one is from Rest of the India and one is from Haryana, so there are three types of people, one is from Delhi, one is from Haryana and one is from Haryana.  Rest of the India Rest of the India, the businesses that are attracted are the normal population, IT space is the coming and going business, those from Delhi who already worked here will come physically and now I will appeal to the people from Haryana, I am saying that  If one lakh people of Haryana will come to Gurgaon in 5 years, 8.5 lakh i.e. one and a half lakh people will come here, who will come here, how will they come, I am telling you, one and a half lakh people will come here i.e. only  12 Saaj people per month i.e. 300-400 per day. In the next one and a half to two years, I alone will settle four-five people in Gurgaon, Haryana through my videos and they are not saying that no good is happening in this, it is good for everyone, good for the people.  It is good for the city, it is good for the government, it is good for the society, because this has to happen because I can see it, because the settlement of Agniveer has been done because there is noise beyond that.  There was a ruckus, now the election has happened, after the election, now people will not go to Agniveer, those who used to go to Historic earlier because even now it was feeling that maybe something will happen, something will happen, the government will come, some issue will arise, it is never going to happen now, so the Historic in Agniveer. Many youths from Haryana used to go, they will not go. Haryana Government's employees should not lose so many jobs because H HR KM, which skill scheme is going on? Sorry, 1.8 lakh people have been recruited, so out of 1.8 lakh, there is no scope for making new recruitments, we will definitely appoint only those people because they have also contributed a lot to BJP in winning the elections because there was a danger of losing their jobs if  2 lakh new recruitment was to be done which was announced by Congress, then they could have kept only 1.8 lakh, then there was danger even beyond this, common people should not analyze all EVMs.  These 1.8 lakh people are creating ruckus by using EVMs. Now this is settled, the young man will not have a choice because brother, there is no farming, this is a fact, these people do not have to work so hard, they are busy in mobile phones. They are cutting the milk of buffalo, that too Bihari labor has been kept, so many people have remained clean, now I do not want to talk about community, caste, caste and caste because I also  Belong to this belt only, it is okay so people get angry in their own way and the rest are all our own but those people are ok you are here, you are here, you are here after doing a lot to me, that does n't seem good to me, come explain and Even if there is a troll, there is no use, but I have to tell the trend, we are another channel for Rath Saptami, it is okay, so he has to come, otherwise you will die of hunger, nobody is bad, he did not come on the cot, son, eat the roti, meaning.  When those parents grow old, it will have to happen, the government will also facilitate it and anyway, there is a job, if you come here, you will get 30-40 Haj, then someday it will be worth 50, 60, 700 thousand, without coming, nothing is going to happen, so many people will come. Population will increase, the requirement of houses will increase from below, all these children can't come and buy a house, they will live on rent here, so that value chain will be from below.  These affordable housing positions will start to increase and you will see the rents for these fully furnished 25,27,28,000 in the coming years, beginning next year only today, I am telling you that it gives a trend towards bull run, gold will do very good.  Will do well, after that I am bullish on Sonipat, now in Kharkhoda, Asha Hooda ji, Deependra ji's mother is from there.  And if they lost the election there too, then losing there means that whenever the fort falls there, it consolidates. This is my thinking. Yes, okay, now we will not do politics in this, why should you enjoy it?  He is taking it like this, he used to say like this earlier, he is not beyond what has happened, we have to talk beyond that, we have to move ourselves forward, we politicians are sad, Congress has lost, they are sad, so we have spent our life in their indifference.  No  There is no problem, okay, we have to move ahead, brother, he is still an MP, he will become an MP from here, otherwise he will become a member of the Rajya Sabha, his life will continue, the house in Delhi will be empty, otherwise if you do this with him, then you will get it.  What to look forward to is that something good will happen in Kharkhoda, its spillover will be found in Sonipat, Vande Bharat's already big scale factory in Sonipat and all that is about to come, incentive has arrived.  The government was already seeing it politically, the BJP government was seeing the potential of Sonipat, now it has been stamped beyond that because the people of Sonipat have given so much and if you are a Sonipat person, then good days are going to come for you, I am real.  Estate Analyst Political Analyst Investment Analyst I am taking out all the juice and telling the reasoning, I am telling how its trend is visible now and in the whole of Gurgaon, listen carefully, we listen to the names of each and every authority, right?  GMDA Gurgaon Metro Pat Development Authority GMDA Second is Faridabad where the authority is only city in Gurgaon Third is where this authority is, that is Sonipat Now it will be active There will be stories from there also, what exactly will happen, how it will happen and we will see, I am telling you, so Gurgaon is gold.  Balle bate, in the beginning I told about Gurgaon Sona, bate bate, I am telling about every place which is coming in my mind. Gurgaon Sona Balle Balle Every resident of Haryana who does not have a house and has money, then brother, you can buy in Gurgaon, buy something, you can buy gold side, New Gurgaon, where you can buy whatever you can buy, you can buy by selling, you can invest and buy together.  If you can, then after these three Sonipat, let's go to Karnal. I haven't bothered much, he keeps walking on an old world path. Okay, there is not much in politics, Panipat is better but Sonipat.  Is the main, Kurukshetra is fine because CM sir looks like he is from there and something or the other will be better there and otherwise tourism will be better and recitation of Gita ji and development by doing that and increasing employment by listening to some stories, that will continue to be done.  One half builder listed player had got plots there. I can see the rates increasing there. Kurukshetra can be bought for atlist Kurukshetra but I am not buying it from any other resident of Haryana.  I would say that it is too much to invest in Kurukshetra, if you are not from there, then the first priority is Gurgaon because if you buy in Gurgaon today, you can sell Gurgaon tomorrow and buy anywhere in Haryana, but if you miss Gurgaon today, then go to Goa tomorrow.  Gun, that was such a mixture, it would be like that, so I started from there, first let's rewind Gurgaon Sona Sonipat, I know Kurukshetra, fifth city I will say in Hisar, what in Hisar?  It has happened because of Savitri Jindal ji, Naveen Jindal is there, he is an expert, he is one, but from the news of Hisar airport, there are things to tell stories. If it is ready, there are chances of becoming a logistics hub.  If you are from there, then Hisar is also on my radar, I am putting it in the priority list which I have told you as a priority, so if you are a resident of that place then you have to think about something or the other, people of Hisar.  There is good news for this but do not overleverage too much. The parents' house is already installed, this is the priority, this is Gurgaon, Gurgaon is holistic, it is fine and the politics that will happen here will also be delimited here in the coming times. Gurgaon will become a bigger stronghold in Haryana. Brothers and sisters, there are 90 assembly seats. BJP has formed the government by winning 48. In the future, when delimitation or delimitation will happen.  If we say that the number of assembly seats will increase and it will increase to 124 in Haryana, to reach 124, 34 more assembly constituencies will increase, then these 34 will increase on the basis of population, so in the next one or two years, the population of Gurgaon and Faridabad is already more. Plus and the population has to come here, then it is out of 34 seats in 182 seats. I am seeing a lot of growth in these two areas, especially Gurgaon is going to get lion share like Badshahpur assembly segment is the biggest, meaning here maybe Rao Narvi ji won by 700 thousand votes, by some 60 700 thousand votes, how many others too?  The candidate was Goyal ji, Vardhan Yadav and all these were there, they have also taken Bhateri votes and after that the lead is so much, then the total votes, you can see the cast.  How many are there and if the caste is at 62 then how many total voters are there and how many voters are there? The voters who are not here will come forward and are coming, so many assembly seats will emerge from here, so now when politics comes behind.  So that would be the cleanliness of the things of the local people, cleanliness of the infrastructure because look at the filling of water, look at five or six things, filling of water during the rains, second garbage, these two landfills with waste management.  Landfill will come here, these two issues will come there, okay, what is the third issue? Tell me, I think these are the two biggest issues in Gurgaon. Okay, third, you can do something about the traffic, but it is linked to these things. Otherwise, when it rains.  If there is no water and no filling, then there is not much issue of traffic. On a normal day, maybe during peak timings, they are bottle necks. Underpasses should also be made on Dwarka Expressway. And there is a railway line in between and this is Gurgaon, so it is connecting at three, four, five places, so two-four more places have been added, railway over bridges have been removed, something has to be done because the sanctions have to be done there by Wars ji and he is the Railway Minister.  This is BJP's, so it can be showcased by doing something. Gurgaon has such a potential that by doing a little more work beyond that, it can be completely brightened because the potential is there and then it can be shown and a model can be made.  Can go and beyond that, politics can be done for many years and it can be made a stronghold and when this entire South Haryana here has 2528 seats, I see it increasing and going closer to 45. 45 48 seats in this  If in the area, out of 124 seats, only 45-48 seats will be here, which even in 2528, BJP has won a lot in a clean manner, then this government will always be here.  The key here will come to South Haryana and the power dynamics of Haryana's politics will shift for a long time. Look, no one knows that there was a time when Hisar's politics was under the control of Devi Lal ji.  I used to live in Sirsa and that area. Okay, after shifting from Sirsa, I came to Hisar, after shifting from Hisar, I came to Ro, meaning it is moving east. In words, that was the old politics and in between, there was also the politics of Bhiwani when Bansi Lal was there.  So they used to call it Bagad Belt, which is the dynamics has shifted in Haryana. If you see, Sirsa has come here from that side, Bhiwani, Rohtak or Haryana has come here, then here also 1015 years are quite visible because there was no center of power in the last 10 years.  There was no center of power because when BJP came for the first 5 years, it seemed as if it has come, it will come out next time, then it came to 40 seats, then it felt like, oh man, we have won again, what happened in Pulwama?  When BJP was crossing 75, even after ruling for 10 years, it did not seem that it would last, it seemed that it would go away and this time it would be too much, this time it was like, yes brother, it is a very good thing, it is BJP's brother.  When it could not be done this time, now BJP is that student, now they will plant their roots and there is a lot of incentive to plant them because till now they were doing one thing or another, in 5 years they will also go away.  BJP got the idea that they have destroyed the Jat politics, that is, they have destroyed those areas which were strong holds, which are the strong holds of Congress today, where Congress can speak, there was a sweat in Kalanaur, Rohtak. Bibi Batra ji had lost her sweat. She won the Rohtak seat by 1200 votes. It is better than Manish Grover ji, so Geeta had lost her sweat in Rohtak too.  Bhukkal ji, look at how many votes she has won with difficulty. So, this Jhajjar-Bajjar, which was considered to be the stronghold of Congress, is also a shaky place, but I say this, let's accept that it is the stronghold of Rot. After that, if Sonipat collapses, it will become the stronghold of BJP.  Gaya Sonipat, when Sonipat became a fort, now you will have to make your fort there, you will have to build moats so that the crocodiles do not come back with water in the morning, like the old kings used to do once.  Once captured, now you make it strong. In the same way, Gurgaon has been built, now it has been stamped, so canal crossing, Faridabad and all those things will remain stories, that too will be fine, but Gurgaon will do very well, tell me the option in Hisar.  I gave you I am bullish in Sonipat, of course that sentiment will remain in Kurukshetra, CM Saheb is from there, so all this was real estate in Haryana for you, Haryana Pradesh will remain on progress.  The people here have to leave their laziness and leave their village, now they have to go abroad, whoever has the power can get a good job or come to Gurgaon because I say that if you want to try any big city in India and  You live in Haryana. Haryanvi is your surname. If you belong to any of the 36 communities, then Gurugram is from your province. Is your natural call? Why will you go to Bangalore? Why will you go?  To Mumbai, Pune, Hyderabad, don't look at it, if you are well educated, you can go there, but brother, if you are less than that, you can do the same work here as you do there, you will also stay close to home and this way it looks very good to me. And I personally will explain this logic to the youth through my social media and we will consolidate the real estate. Many times many people feel that the rates have increased due to the pricing. Now I feel like this. That the supply will have to be brought at different rates brother, if you want cheaper then brother, come to Pataudi Rewari highway and go further 10 km, there is infrastructure here, stay in Ghadai center, then you will get higher rates, if you want Delhi border then also 18 thousand.  Give it to me, if you want ultra luxury then brother, it will be 20000-18000, now the builders will come for less, now the builders will also have stability, otherwise the builders will also be in trouble.  It remains like this, getting license, applying for RERA, do it now, don't do it, land use, CLU PL, you know that was overhang and what is the biggest thing, when the government comes, only then the government tells the biggest stories, now those stories are again Aravali. This Global City of Wildlife Century Sona is to be built here, the area of ​​Sector 3637 is fine, all this will be revived because now by doing something  If you want to show it, otherwise what will you do? You have to do something and why not? If you have come into politics then you will increase the economic activity. Because by increasing the economic activity everyone will benefit. The opposition will also benefit and the government will also benefit.  Now it will happen to the leader, it will happen to you, it will happen to me, it will happen to the villagers too, it will happen to everyone, whoever has the wisdom, intelligence, consciousness, mind can use it, now we are hearing that 100,100 crores will happen in Gurgaon. DLF is going to loot 100 crore flats by doing Dhaliya, it is the most expensive project in the whole of India. So brother, now you have understood what Gurgaon is. Brothers and sisters, if Gurgaon has been brightened by the BJP government and there is also hope in it.  Rao Narveer ji, because brother is the representative here, we will keep him in high regard, plus if he gets a good one, then I will also pray, recommend him and it is also our benefit. Even if he gets a very good portfolio because it has not been distributed yet, till the time this video is being made, I don't know if he becomes Deputy CM. My demand is for Deputy CM, otherwise brother, then Home Ministry or which other good one is Finance. Not at all less than that or if TCM is fine, then no more than that because the body language is good, he is a hardworking man, so he too will make it, why can't I make it, maybe I will talk much further, if not this then this.  Who knows if the next CM comes from here, I don't know, but this fort is being built, so to me, 152 years of Bolar Gurgaon real estate is looking very clean, without any interruption, the knock and knock is clear, so that if and but system has been removed, angel.  Seeman, I told that the people of Delhi will come. What is the result of Aam Aadmi Party? The elections in 2025 will also reveal soon how soon the people of Delhi will come. My target is to increase the population.  I tell you the target is 20 lakh people, hey 20 lakh, don't think that all 20 lakh will do the job, there will be brothers and father in it, there will be mothers too, there will be wives, there will be children too, there will be jobs, maybe only 5 lakh, then one lakh i.e. a year.  1 lakh job per year is nothing for an economy like Gurgaon, you will have to pay this much, 1 lakh job, growth of 1 lakh job means different things because one direct job is 1 lakh.  Job means only 25000 direct jobs because for every one direct job, there are three indirect jobs and indirect jobs to sustain them. These are also the things of economics. I can explain them separately some other time but I have told you the figures and if  If 20 lakh people are coming, then 5 lakh units are needed. For four people to live in a house, 4 lakh units are needed. How much is the supply? Can be counted because brother, in the next 5 years.  If I want 4 lakh units, then if I launch something today, it will be available in the sixth year, so count the programs that have been launched till now, what I have counted is not even 1 lakh units for you people.  I have counted all the affordable housing, I have found out the rule of stilt plus 4 and it will be built in that too and how can it be built in how many, I have counted that too and it does not look like luxury, it is worth five, five, six, seven, seven crores. Man gets scared, he doesn't know how many, count them in quantity, count them in quantity, count them in quantity, count them in quantity, rents will increase, when rents will increase, property rates will also increase, those who have taken it, many people in Gurgaon want to sell it in resale.  If it is for resale, I will make a separate video. We are busy in the projects. Brother, if you want to sell then tell me. There are only buyers and now what I told Femina, if you wait for six to eight months. So, whatever has just come out of my mouth, it will start getting published in the newspapers. You people know that whatever comes out of my mouth, when I tell you further, it comes out and you see that thing happening that yes brother, this or that thing would have happened.  It looks fine, this is just for Congress to win, there is some mistake in this, the world has made a mistake including BJP, them themselves, so they can't do anything on this thing, but then it is very good, it is extremely good for real.  Estate in Gurgaon, what is the harm to the people of Gurgaon, there is direct benefit from the arrival of BJP, the people here have won the people here, they are becoming ministers, the same government is a double engine government and I forgot to tell you one more thing further.  I will tell you in the video because for so long, no new thing will come in Gurgaon. Gadkari ji, if he introduces airport taxi, then the airport taxi will not reach till Bahadurgarh 2nd row, it will be from Delhi to Gurgaon only. You will be lucky, Sirsa airport is not going to come to Fatehabad now because things will be expensive, any new thing, new technology, any new thing will come here only, so I am extremely extremely bullish and bullish, look at the rates.  What is available in FD at 6, 7, if you invest in mutual fund at 9, 10, 11, then brother in absolute sense, if the rate is increasing at 10, 12.  But if you are giving the year and money slowly, then you are getting 151 in it, this is the bullish run, it will increase by 100%, double double double, Babu Bhai, the money will triple in 21 days, this scheme is not telling, I have come up with the scheme.  No, I am telling you that the rate which is currently sitting will increase further. Already the rate has increased a lot, so in absolute sense, 10-12% of the money will gradually go up by 15%.  Don't dream more than this, it is okay and this is it, maybe some year it may be less, some year it may be more, those returns are spread out, sometimes earlier you get it, many later, but the rough mathematics, I told you guys. How did you like the given video, tell me, subscribe to the channel and this is my second great channel, in which politics is discussed openly and beyond, many people are appreciating it with Googlegroups.com, with political party, with political leader, with them. more love  Don't get carried away in love, love for your wife, love for your children, respect for your parents, focus more on these and what is your own progress because the politician sees his progress very accurately in what I benefit from and we are with him.  By getting involved in their progress, we forget our own, so now we have been given a chance and here, those who want to invest in Gurgaon are people from Haryana or they are, so I will not use the word.  Why pressure, pressure, now a new government has come, they also get a chance for six months, there is a honeymoon period, but they should say that we are trying like this, brother, increase the rates of our properties. What happens in increasing the rates of properties?  We grow only when things become good, when your water will not be filled, there will be no garbage, the red light system will be removed, people will move from up and down, there will be no jam, law and order will be good, people will feel safe and all.  Something good will happen, public transport will be better, something like metro will be done, now there was a person like me in Gurgaon earlier, but if the population of Gurgaon seems to be going towards 45 lakhs, then brother, we need metro now, the time has come till now. So it was not included, now if you start doing something else like laying pillars of metro then start doing all those things because this city has a lot of potential, Gurgaon itself will be worth one crore in 15 years. Because of the population, I had just told you that it will increase by 20 lakhs in the next five years, it will increase further as the jobs keep coming and then it will keep running, so that infrastructure and that work will remain a work in progress. I also want to tell you, the people of Gurgaon, that for the next 10-12 years you will see things being built, you will keep seeing things being built, so don't be sad in that too, it is being built well, so it has great potential.  Real estate will do very well. Subscribe to the channel, like it, write in the comment section, tell me how to make the video. We will keep bringing projects now, which ones will come and how, if you