Hello friends, If Delhi Wallas is buying in Gurgaon and due to which the real estate of Gurgaon is running away since last one and a half year then I am buying in Delhi, this question will be answered, under this video everyone will get to know who are interested in Gurgaon real estate, Delhi.  Those who are looking for end use or investment in this region, please share this video, like the channel and subscribe.  Let's start in Delhi, you know that when any property is sold, the buyer's compulsion is more important than the seller's compulsion and what is that compulsion? Okay, today I may not be wearing anything of that color, but you guys can visualize that color.  It 's okay, only my eyebrows will be visible, that's okay, so that one is a limitation, so that limitation is when the people of Delhi used to sell things earlier, two-three years ago, they used to buy builder floors, now that builder floor issue.  be cool Since the time the policy has been implemented, it has been hanging in the balance for the last one and a quarter year and I am looking forward to it for the next one and a half year and even when it comes, even if it comes, it will take two-three years for the house to be built.  Even if it takes 2 years to 2.5 years from today, you cannot buy a new builder floor even if you want. Even if the policy changes today and you start building a house the day after tomorrow, it will still take one and a half years for the supply to reach the market and this is like this.  yes  If not, then this matter has been put aside. Now the people of Delhi also buy it in that color. They are chasing the resale stuff. Like the pace of yours, there is a lot of growth in some projects on Dwarka Expressway which is nearing completion. Now I will tell you who is buying and the topic is the same but what is happening, I am telling you that these people are those who are coming to Gurgaon, these are those people whose children or  Is there any link of Next Generation to Gurgaon? First of all, these are those who have got something in Delhi through inheritance and after getting half of it or cannot buy anything in Delhi now, so they are moving into it, so these are two types of people.  B. Old people who have been living in Delhi for 40-50 years and their age should be 55-70. C. Those who are not selling are still being taken by their children whose parents agree. Even if they go to 75, 80, 85, 90, then those who are 50, 55 are left who are working themselves or their children are going to do it or are doing it, sons and daughters-in-law are working, those people are coming, then those who buy property from them inside Delhi. Yes, it is only the Delhi resident who is buying, not the outsider who is buying Delhi or Delhi property. Now who is the Delhi resident who is buying? Now we will talk a little about economics on this, all the businesses that are done inside Delhi. Sunset industry will be called just selling goods, there is no such manufacturing, there is no such great services, there is no IT, there is no sunrise sector which is there in the next 30, 40, 50 years, the jobs, where there will be money, all those things are not there in Delhi. Yes, restaurants are running, hotels are running, goods are being sold in Chavadi market, there is a wholesale market, yes, this is Chandni Chowk, this one is money, now you know which money is.  So this person whose business is running so much in Delhi, now this person settles the money in Delhi only because now he is not able to settle it in Gurgaon or his desire is so close to his heart that his everything is in Delhi.  So when he upgrades, let's say someone is living in Uttam Nagar or I am taking all the names, he does not want to create a stir in Delhi that this is low Delhi, this is high Delhi, but you understand that.  Who wants to go to a better place in Delhi  The one who was living in 150 yard floor, the one who was living in 130 yard floor, the one who wants to go to 200-250 yard floor, the one who wants to take two floors, the one who wants to do better, he buys from them and they are buying here.  So this passing the parcel is going on, the rest of the Lutyens' Delhi is an expensive Delhi where things worth Rs 17,100 crore, 150 crore are taken by a different gentry, that is from outside.  They need an address in Delhi and the big money earned in the equity market. The company will be listed, it will be D-listed or whatever this type of system is, the people are different but within Delhi, only the people of Delhi are taking it and the people of Delhi are the population of Delhi.  If it is Rs 2.5 crores, then this is the purchase that happens in Delhi, which is called the 'Pudiya' which revolves around the one who bought from this, bought from this and one person went out, one person went out and the other one is about inheritance, which is also done by the people of Delhi.  kids out  They have settled in America or anywhere else. When their property in Delhi is sold, then naturally, if they want to buy it in India after selling the property in Delhi, then they are buying it in Gurgaon, 15-20 kilometers away.  Again, I will repeat, Delhi's property is being bought by the one from Delhi and it is being upgraded from below, it is getting upgraded like this, what is a small loan, sometimes you take that money, you take 40 rupees to upgrade a little.  There is a shortfall of Rs 50-60 lakh and many a times someone takes a loan to complete it. These things are also happening, so we should not get confused that everyone is going to Gurgaon, so Delhi, there are many people in Delhi, Baba. Your only Dwarka is 2.5 crores. Dwarka has a population of 18 lakh 20 lakhs. There is a Dwarka which is a separate area of ​​Delhi, so out of Dwarka 18 20 lakhs, if 5 people are of 1 lakh people.  If you want to come near Dwarka Expressway, then you need 25000 units of flats. What happens many times is that people go in cars, there are many mummies who are showing children. Hey brother, these flats are coming like matchboxes, how much will they fill?  This is how I have heard people raising questions, whether all the mothers are mothers or those who are our elders as parents, the question remains that when they do it like this, they cannot count while standing there looking at it. Do it brother, there is a project, 500 is flat, 1000 is flat, 1500 is flat, 600 is 700, 800 is 300, 500 is like that, okay, multiply it by four, then when you add all the things and multiply them all by four, it will still be worth lakhs.  If you need 25000 flats to get the figure then you will see 3040 projects if you have 25000 flats.  You will see that I am asking you to count the affordable housing also, do it somehow, however, the people of Delhi are not buying the affordable housing by selling the property in Delhi. There is a different crowd of affordable housing, okay, the people of Delhi are expensive things.  We are only buying it because in Delhi it is sold at a decent place for 150-200 yards and you can easily buy it in Gurgaon for so much money, it is okay, so this one from Delhi is in the market right now.  The system has started, this is what I want to say, Delhi is worth 2.5 crore Delhi. Brothers and sisters, if Delhi on 4 wants to come to Gurgaon in the next 4 years, then Delhi on 4 means 10 lakh people, 10 lakh people i.e.  If divided by 4 then 2.5 lakh units are required and at 4 it means that every year only 1 person will come to Delhi. At just 1, out of every 100 people will want to come to Gurgaon, although the number may be more but  If a person wants to come then only one out of 100 and if only four people want to go in the next 4 years, then lakhs of units are required, there is no supply, there will be a lot more boom in 2025 and 26, if you will see ready to move in real estate, then it will be available anywhere right now.  It seems that you are getting tired but once you let the Dwarka Expressway connect with the Delhi side, then you will know more because the people of Delhi who have to sell their property will still have to buy it.  There is no pain, maybe he could have sold his property and bought a flat of 2500 square feet and he kept sleeping. I don't know that now after selling it, even if the property has increased to 25 in Gurgaon, then he is still holding 2000 square feet.  If he takes it further then he will take hold of 1800 square feet, he will take hold of 1800 square feet, the products will keep coming here in those sizes, so he is not giving much thought to it, nor is he following it, just like there is any stock, now it is available from ₹ 1.  It is going towards 500, once it was 100, now it has become 350, it is going towards 500, so now you see it at 350 for the first time and you analyze it, you think that it will go to 500, so you buy it, you are not. Badarda and I have become worth ₹ 1000000, sometimes it was worth 100, 200, 300 too, if you did not buy it, then what happened?  If I am talking about taking an example, there are buyers at every point and a fresh supply is coming, but the window shopper, as I say in the webinars, is my window shopper, the window shopper who stays for a long time, brother, the world is not bought. What are you saying, I am telling you my own meaning, suppose a project has been taken and that project is doing very well and the rates have increased a lot and there seems to be an insistence on taking the increased rates, this is also a fact.  The one who has bought an ADAC 0 p now thinks, should I buy something else? This is psychology. However, the investor should have only one criterion that how much strength is there in the thing I am buying and what is its future potential.  He should not think about how much I had taken earlier and this is how I take the second one but it is very difficult to execute in real life so I also tell the window shoppers.  I am saying that now is the time for action, if you are sitting with money and are on the sidelines then you should choose something as per the requirement and take the plea because people are saying like what is happening, I will give you an example.  I tell you under this, it will be fun, many people are eating puris, it is okay that the puris are being fried, and the people making puris are tired, okay, the fryers are tired, the oil is running out, so some people will feel that that's it, man.  This is about to end, that's it, the program is fine and right now it is crowded, that means this is a program for those who do not know how much flour is still left and 20 fresh people are sitting and what is this langar, I will tell us.  It seems that I too was very evolved in all these things or I am a little bit. Well, it seems like this to everyone, then those who knead the dough change, the oil barrels do not come, the eaters do not come, the people who celebrate do not come.  do not come And the program keeps going on, it does not stop, we feel that we have been standing here for a long time, we have seen so many people eating, we have seen so much being prepared, now this should be stopped, neither the eaters nor the cooks will come.  They will come and this food will also be finished, it doesn't happen, the program keeps going on, you are like these people have changed, the shift will change, the goods have changed, okay, the dish has changed or it will continue because who can see ahead?  You can also see supplies like mine  You can also see the demand, you are seeing both the things, the party has not started yet, the people from Delhi have yet to come, they have started coming now, only the very smartest of the smartest Delhi people have made that call, now even the normal Delhi people have made that call. So the story has not reached, okay it will reach him then it will happen and that exchange will happen and only Delhiites will buy it in Delhi. There is a population of 2.5 crores in Delhi. So tell us how you liked the video. You can get one in the comment section. Please join by clicking on it. Thank you very much, Yuri!