Hello friends, there is an advice to the builders in Gurga real estate about pricing and the public also has to support in this and the public will also understand what is the matter. Builders also watch my videos, all their employees watch it, fellow tubers also watch it and me.  It feels good to get feedback and also understand things because no one in India explains the things like I explain, that is why I am India's number one clarity giver. Start on this topic now.  Let's do this and you tell whether you got clarity or not and let's start talking about Gurgaon real estate. Recently, for the last two to four months, not even two to four, two to two and a half months, the projects have become expensive and all of them are not being sold and all of them are  No, it is being shown like this, I mean, what is being shown like this, it is being felt by all including the builders that they have come down a bit in real estate, I am going to tell you the psychological phenomenon of this. I am going to ask questions, I am going to talk about pricing in a very deep and intelligent manner, which you will not be able to teach even in Harwada, I am giving this knowledge here, so listen to it and all the salespeople and all the builders who decide the pricing.  All the big names out there, listen to what I am going to talk about and you will understand a lot and if it is your Lalaji's company, then you can tell Lalaji, if you are a listed player, then your listed CFO.  Or explain to whoever is your CEO and MD through this video. Let's start the discussion. The bike comes down a bit. Yes, let's talk about the pricing. The slogan of crossing 400 was given by Modi ji and Seat came in 240 240.  It is a very great seat, the government has been formed, it is fine and will run smoothly. Before this, Atal ji has run the government with 182 MPOs. Manmohan Singh has done the first task with 145 MPOs and the second one has done 206.  Why I am talking of politics because of perception, I am talking about 400 was 240 looks like a failure, meaning actually if you see the face of BJP people, see that of ministers, see that of ND people, then their moral is low and those Congress people are like that. Like we have won, we are seeing this, I also have a separate political channel, I tell different things there, but I am trying to connect it with real estate, try this.  I am telling you that if you have done that then I am guiding the builder that please go back to the drawing board. Go back 3 for five years in Gurgaon real estate history. You have launched a project, in this you will go through five, six and seven phases.  You can also latch it and it is not built at once, all the towers are not erected at once, the pricing you are doing by selling it at one time, then you are taking a middle pricing which is high and people also  It seems high and I know that because I also do the calculations that if the guy makes it in 7 years then the pricing is not much. I also know because cement bars are cheap after 4 years and what will happen after 6 years because you have  If all the towers are to be built together, then the builder does this by insuring his profit and ensuring that there is no loss. You can also call the average unit rate as to how much average is to be taken, then here is the advice to the builders. And the public is also advised to put pressure on the builders that brother, when you have seven towers, 10 towers, 12 towers, you have to launch at different times and I will also show examples of projects which have been very successful here and people  I liked it very much and every buddy is happy and I will also tell you what are its benefits and you tell me whether this thing is playing out like I am telling you or not.  I am thinking that if the first phase is launched at one price, then if I have to get an average of 18000 feet, I am telling the builders, then initially I should launch 16000 feet and then launch it at 15-16 feet and they will feel that yes, the rate is fine.  And if I don't sell the entire stock, then I will take it to 7:5, then to 18, 183, 19, 20. My case is from 16 to 20.  When I took the case, the average came out to be 18, but all the time the person who was buying saw the price increasing, the trigger was visible, there was a satisfaction. If you remove this 18, then whoever is coming in the beginning, it starts increasing.  It doesn't look like it happened in one year or two. Then he starts dreaming of resale and selling the goods in the market because his value is fair and if he had left some juice it was Rs 16000 in 18 years. He is not going to suffer any loss, I am also telling him about it.  I am telling you but because by the time that thing is ready its rate would have increased but there is no such patience in the market now to release this after 3 years and the builders are making mess here because they are not giving you the trigger here Shahpur.  Yes, this is a project, Shobha in 102, in 108, those people gave it at different times and at different prices, it kept getting sold slowly, it got cooked easily, so that means Khichdi Birbal's Khichdi is still being made.  If you are not ready then why are you so greedy so soon? Sell all the builder's property. Expand the land. Become a tycoon now. Beat DLF and make market cap of Rs. 18 lakh crore. Brother, be satisfied with Rs. 18000 crore, 200 thousand crore. Now will you speak? Who is cheating which company is that Bizarre Market, you can go to Jagga, even those worth Rs 50,000 crores are doing the same, even the unlisted ones are doing the same.  As if there is no tomorrow, sell the goods here immediately, book ahead, now people will say that when you sell one, the goods go to the escrow account, you cannot buy another land with that money, I call myself the number one clarity giver, so that is very true.  If it is one and a half, two or two and a half, they will write, 'Hey, this is how it becomes small, listen, no, I cannot take that money, but if my sales are this much, then my market cap increases, then by increasing the debt to equity ratio, I can get more money.  So I can take it, right now I am a person worth Rs 10 crores. Suppose a person can take a loan of Rs 4 crores from LETS, then if he becomes worth Rs 20 crores then he will take Rs 8 crores. You understand my point, sales will increase.  And with your sales booking, your reputation in the market increases. If he has sold it, then it is okay. In fact, your cost of funds goes down. Your rating increases. Borong Rating knows BBB Plus a P  a - A+ You will know all about how the cost of funds is found, so the builder keeps expanding, doesn't the builder keep taking more loans as if he thinks that if my goods are sold then he will get money for this, so this is his money. I will come soon. If you take the money of many investors and bite more than chew, then you may vomit because they cannot eat. If my mouth is only this much, then there is a limit to everyone's mouth. If you put more than that then you will have to chew.  For  You need some space to chew the cud, if you are understanding then many builders are trying to do this, if there is something then they have guidance brother, yes you will go, by doing it all in such a hurry, you will spoil the environment, now you cannot complete the project at one go.  If you meet then it becomes like a failure in the market. Come YouTube and other YouTubers also, who are fellow YouTubers, I am teaching economics. Come, don't directly say that the market is cold, the market is not cold, it is just that if all the goods are not sold.  It will be sold but the problem is that it will be sold, that rate should have been Rs 16000, it should have been sold gradually, one tower and two towers were sold, then in 6 or 10 months, two towers and the house which is ours is fine.  They are following this and their work is going well. Those who bought in the first phase are so happy. The one who bought it has a smile on his face. He is watching the price rise. When you have sold all the goods in one go, then no one can  There is no tagger, no one is asking, someone says, 'Guruji, what do you say? We have to sell within two six months. I said, your pit is not God's, it is not bricked, all the goods have been sold. Now look, if there are 10, 15, 20, 25 units left, they have got all the goods.  It is said that it is sold, some are upstairs units, some are eight room units, some are here on the top floor, some are facing messing here, some are left, that is a different matter, no one understood that.  The units will be sold, they will be sold even after 10-15 months, but a huge amount of goods have been sold, so how can anyone buy from you, how will you justify to a person that why should you pay such a premium here because till now nothing has been done, there is all the goods.  It has been sold, where is the trigger, is there any trigger that yes, this tower was priced at Rs 16000, it is ok, now after so many days, it is being launched at Rs 1730, it is being launched at Rs 18.  So if this much payment has been made, then come on, do something for Rs. 165/16800/- 177000. Now what will the builder do? He can come up with a sexy payment plan for this one so that it is not resold because the next person will get it, so much money will go into it and the builder will have to pay it.  This should always be done in the beginning, do more construction, do it quickly, and what will happen with it, whoever is your contractor, whatever agreements are made with the builder, if that is your time frame.  If it is kept small then there is not much market fluctuation, then you can reduce the pricing because take the cement bars and all the other stuff in it, it is installed late in 2024, it has to be installed in 2026 and it has to be installed in 2028, so brother, their rates are  It may be different if the inflation increases, what have you done, what are the builders doing, which is wrong according to me, out of greed, they sell everything by keeping a big account of it all.  So the person who is taking this in the beginning is giving this rate and then he is taking this rate, then here you will see the market becoming stagnant, this is the message to every buddy, I hope I was able to explain it right by doing this.  If not then people explain it step by step, but then my channel is for two people, those who understand all the things, those who do n't, brother, you understand the payment plan, you understand the discount, you understand this for them. Stories will be told in future. If there is any builder who is very intelligent and is watching my video, bring the goods from 10 to 11000 feet, there is no need to sell everything, it is okay and keep the density a little more. These are the dreams of Hero Hiralal, not here.  People will come outside to shower flowers, reduce it a bit, this is not true anyway, it's useless, I will make a club house, brother of 2 lakhs worth 3 lakhs, everyone did not want it, it is not everyone's business. Play for 6.5 crores, do the work that has to be done, people with 5 crores have to pay two rupees, brother, everyone does not want a Land Rover, people are sitting in karetta too, want Desire also, if you want every kind of material, then any builder will come in 101 thousand feet.  For me, I will support him. From my side, if you have taken the price around 11000, then you cannot go below that. I do not see the rate going below 1112. Whatever the builder does, increase the density.  Do this, do that, do anything, it doesn't seem to go less than 111, but if the builders are listening to me, bring it in 1112 as per the payment plan, don't do it all at once and do it at different times and your  Take out the average of Rs 1415, any project worth Rs 111, brothers and sisters, listen carefully, it is not going to be built before seven to eight years, all the material has been sold, go to their RERA and check the projects in RERA. I have seen the date of 2031, it can also be 32 for some people, but I have seen for many projects, RERA date is 2031, it is RERA date, that is, he is making it till then, so no one can say anything to him. Why are you delaying till 31st, there is RERA due even after that, you have seen that if we increase everything then 31st of 31st can become 32nd 33rd and that will affect the market here.  They are saying like this, a lot of Loach are coming, but the positions are not coming, my brother, Loach and Loach are also not much, if you actually count, it is a different matter that Loach comes in that budget segment, where perhaps there is not so much demand now, no.  There is a big demand for every but that means there are many people who are saying that only these big puris are coming, some want small ones, some don't want big ones, okay, so I am saying give me a small one.  Give me brother, give me something small, it is not small, this one is coming, this one is also going, but these people are sitting like this, in this city, there is no city left for us, that is, a middle class man whose budget is one and a half and a half  Even if he is earning Rs 2.5 crores, he is not getting anything. He has gone into affordable housing and increased the rates of affordable housing where he has a position, meaning the rate is Rs 7580-85 lakh and this is for those flats which are  Those with 600 sq ft have not yet come in the market. I think there is a position in affordable housing with 645 sq ft. I am not aware of it. If you have any information, please write in the comment section. Other wise, whatever the position is.  525 35 40 types have come and they have become so expensive, so when they bring 645, the affordable housing will become 1.25 crores, so now  If you are looking at where the rate is going, then you see this in the rate, the per square feet rate of affordable housing has been eaten up in resale, so I am thinking very thoughtfully and saying 111000 square feet, no matter who launches it, you will get 11000 all inclusive rate.  I am saying that in 1112, don't ask me to add PLC again, GST is fine, I am doing GST and PST by combining everything. Builders listen to me a lot, understand and see, some even agree.  If you have then give a rate of 11 to 12 brothers and don't sell the goods in one go. Are you in a hurry by selling all the goods in one go? Shaper ji's goods were sold in 5 years. It is a great hit project. Rose also increase the rate gradually.  Have to cross the limit, see at what rate did they have lunch at four BH and at what rate did they have lunch at the first T BH and it is still going very well. Okay Shobha, see at what rate did they take lunch first.  And how did the rates increase there? How did the rates increase there? Okay, so those who took it in all the projects are very happy because those who took it in the last one too, like in Shobha, Vista wale, 000 probably came out okay, 15,16,000 and that too.  We are sitting at 21 22. Okay, so every buddy is very happy, the builder is happy, the buyers are happy, even like this, the goods are sold.  It is possible that I don't want to take the names of the rest of the projects which are all sold out. Now there is no trigger in them, no one will buy or say that when they are made then they will see the trigger like lan is lan is giving trigger, lan has made some goods, has made its own.  Meaning, some goods have been sold, now RERA will bring another one, then it will separate it, then separate it again, then it will say 'iconic tower', finally, by doing something like this, and who knows for how much will it sell these 35000 after four, five, six years, what will be the designing, what will be the calculation.  if it happens  There is a smile on the face of those who have bought it from the beginning. In the announcement, resale is not available even after asking. And there is an announcement for you all, if you people are interested, all the people who are subscribers, announcement in Shobha and Godrej Meridian, if you want to buy in resale.  If you are interested in selling, then you can connect on the given number. My advice will be this, do not sell to the sellers, but brother, still someone in the house needs money and has to sell or money.  If you do n't have it, then it is a compulsion. It is okay to sell out of compulsion. This is what I am saying. If there is no compulsion among the three, then don't sell. But if there is, then connect so that you can get the right rate. You and those who want to buy, brothers and sisters, buyers.  There are many people who want to buy whatever they want, meaning what is the situation today in resale, there are 10 sellers, 100 buyers and even that 10 is not being dealt with, the truth is that if there are 100 buyers and  If there are 10 sellers, then 10 should be sold, no, they are not being sold for 10, because there is so much space available, and when you go to sell in resale, someone quotes some rate and then the buyer says, but now the market is down, why not? Because why did he say that because brother, if it has not crossed 400 yet then it is down to 240, hey, the government is formed, what is down, what is down, if a builder sells his goods even at 30.  There is a lot of inventory, friend, after that every month I have to sell the inventory on 1st and the project will be ready in 70 months, that is, it takes 6 years and seven years, when is the last position of Shaper ji to come, count, work has been done even in Covid.  Worked the fastest, I have been given the position of four towers, the one who is the fastest, the best is the topper student, the rest are all behind him, if Shaper ji is taking seven years to hand over.  The full project than others will take 8 9 10 years Even in affordable housing only, no one has taken care of me by building it in 5 years. Right now it is okay, there is no affordable housing, there is nothing in it, I don't know if there is a swimming pool.  And isn't there a club house? There are three basements dug up and their car parking is nothing. This is a normal thing, brother, it takes five years of time. People have to release brother.  There are NGT bans, there are labor issues, there are rain issues, there is no end, the goods are made as quickly as people are thinking, so be pragmatic in life and in 2025 26, I experienced a huge boom in real estate again in Gurgaon, which I cannot explain.  But to do that, the builders will have to focus their mind a little on the right things, this ultra luxury, this six seven aa yaar reduce it a little, not more, it reduces a little, it becomes too much, too much.  There are not so many rich people in the whole of India as you mean, maybe you are a seller, then you say like this, put it in my account, then how will that brother who sells in Punjabi Bagh pay for you? Understand this thing, no, not Delhi.  There are many people who want to take it here, there will be demand and user demand, so if someone can give it in the account, it is a very good thing, the Delhi person will come to take it from you, when he is in the position, then the bull run is clear to me.  Bun Run looks like 6 years old in Gurgaon real estate because of demand supply. I am seeing it very clearly. Brothers and sisters, it is very clearly visible that the ruling of your Stale Plus 4 has come. Nothing is going to be created by this, there is no demand or supply, this much rule is like this.  He fired me saying that it would have been better if he had said that he couldn't make it, meaning he didn't just say, ok, take permission from him, take permission from him, and the people in the dub are still saying that we should not make it.  So neither the left one nor the right one will give permission, so leave 6 feet here, leave 6 feet here, will it be made in your 18 feet, will it be 18 in 200 yards, will you make a front of 18 feet, will the front of 18 feet become 100 yards? Make a mess like 100 yards, will you say, friend, if I leave one floor, then I make stall plus 3, then two and a half floors are still there, so now  Will the arrow come out by doing stalk plus 3, meaning what will be the benefit, the rate of the plot is not known to me, what are you saying that if the rate of my plot becomes like this then what is the result or nothing is happening, okay then these people who  Are you happy or not? Maybe the rates will come down. You have to see that the supply is not coming and you cannot do anything until the supply comes, that is, till then the rates will be fixed, if not today then this is the example that I have given. Example: I told that the middle rate is also being taken, here the rate for the third and fourth year is being taken. In order to sell all the goods before the builder, the builder has to keep his rate the same. Many people are following my advice and this is the thing.  Are we doing it or are we rewriting it or changing the payment plan? In the future, the payment plan will be sold. Once again that time will come to sell the payment plan, so the builder should now concentrate on that especially the one who is cash.  Rich who have not yet availed the loan amount can fund the cost as per their plan then do it as per the payment plan. If anyone needs consultation on these things then you can reach out to the builder on how exactly to plan the launch of your product.  What rate to pay, what payment plan to make, I give this guidance and do not call builders among my employees, believe me, your employees do not know, they have come here after doing MBA, children do not have that much knowledge. As much knowledge as I have, I am sitting with number one clarity about what exactly is happening in the market. Whatever he tells you, he will tell you by looking at the past. I am telling you by looking ahead, so I do my consultation by looking at the future, not by seeing this.  His has been sold, his has been sold, ours will also be sold, ours will be sold, no, have you ever seen the train gate, sometimes F, sometimes it closes, have n't you seen the red light and the green light, green green green green green  Green will be red on your time, so I am telling you that it is red on your time, don't try to run away, tell the rate according to the green light. By the time you reached, you had a rare conversation, then your red light came.  So this Guruji will tell you in advance that brother, your red light is about to come on so drive smoothly, why are you bothering, you will get only red light, drive smoothly, wait there for 40 seconds, better than this, slow down the speed a bit so that it stays there for 10 seconds.  hee  You have to wait, it's just right, it was told so simply and all these employees of yours who make so much money, now I don't want to let them down but this is the truth brother, if this is not there then how can this fiasco happen?  You have determined the rate and then you are sitting again because once you have determined the rate and then reducing it, it is as if the market has fallen. Brother, you have missed the price, you have over-anticipated. Ask once what price will be released in the market. We  If you ask such people, we will tell you that our M is also everyone's M. In the market, the buyer's M is buying, the seller 's M is buying, the builder's M is selling, my goods are sold, then an equation can be made between all three things. Isn't it yes brother, this is fine for me, for you, for you too, let's do it right now, let me explain it in detail very well, I will bring the end opportunity if you  Have not joined that group, there are some 599 people in it, you will get a lot of reviews, you will get content, you will get to learn a lot and you will also get access to my paid webinars for free, both for those who have already done it and for those who are about to do so, definitely try the membership of Atletist Special.  If you work in real estate then do this so that you know and if you want to buy assets in real estate then do thank you very much.