Hello friends, recently you must have seen that there was a tweet about real estate, there were many memes made by someone and it got forwarded a lot and beyond that it was real estate in India is a scam and a photo has been shown in it, there is a property by Magnolia. 25  Having bought a flat worth crores in Gurgaon and an inn worth Rs. 25 crores, it is close to $ million dollars and has become a topic of discussion. I am the number one clarity giver on real estate and other topics.  I am telling you something above because look, when you come and tell me about these things, it is fun only when you hit a six on Sho Bakhtar's ball, it is fun, is n't it? There is a good yorker, earlier Waqar used to say yes etc. You have written which Magnolia will you take?  Before that people do like this, my dear Akshay Srivastava ji is from Dubai who shows that it is better to take this than taking it here, take it there, it is like this in Dubai, after doing like that, in this much time, this can come there, you are taking this much.  So much so that I am batting straight from the front foot, the simple thing is that brother, this is worth 25 crores and it is Matton, so I want to put certain things in perspective and you have to listen because see, who will doubt what I say? So you yourself check the most expensive properties and most expensive flats in New York by typing 2 million dollars i.e. 20 crore dollars, that is 3384 dollars.  1600 1700 crore flats 1600 1700 1600 1700 crore flats are expensive and people bought them in 2019 not now 5 years ago 55 million 60 million dollars Here we are talking about 3 million dollars To compare both, they are 202 times more expensive  Flat is a normal thing. What they have done with this flat is I will tell you.  You hold a small city, hold Kota, you hold someone of yours, whatever type, Udaipur, okay, hold Rohtak, my favorite city, Rot, okay, these cities are not some big city, a small city, okay, hold Hisar, okay.  There will be some property there too which will be worth Rs. 2.5 crores. There will be decent good property in these cities. Someone will have built a house of 200-250 yards, this much will be the same. Now someone will say that you are buying here, it would be better than this on Golf Course Road. Nagan worth 2.5 crores is available in Sukhdev apartments. Golf course road is available in Gurgaon. If I am telling you the rates then the road which is the cheapest thing in the place, compare it with the most expensive thing in any city and make nonsense of it. How much will it cost?  It's amazing, what a wonderful thing he did, how fun he did, these are the questions of the middle class, they feel that he is a human being, he has only 25 crores and instead of taking it here, he should take it there in the US. Citizenship is being given by someone's father, what is it, who is giving it to you and what is the property tax there, what is the inheritance tax, what is the maintenance, do you have any idea, don't know how you will buy it, brokerage is charged there in India.  1 But we give up our lives, we do the work, we know that for a flat worth Rs. 100 crores, you will have to pay Rs. 5 crores and there it is not whitey, it is okay, the whole matter is as it is, so say and view very good.  This is not a special view, the smell of Magnolia is there in New York, the view of Magnolia is better, the greenery is looking better, it is better any day, you have thought like this that America is good and India is bad, now what can be treated for it, someone might think like this that  You write the most posh area of ​​Hisar. If there is a good Kothi built inside Bron Nagar of Pathankot, then that person is getting the same respect in that setup as you do when you live in Magnolia.  In India and in Gurgaon, you are in the top point 01 of the country. The same is not true when you stay in the 3 million dollar thing. For example, if you drive a car worth 50 lakhs in India, then you are considered to be Man, he is a nice guy and is driving a car. I am not talking about a very expensive car, but the same cars are very cheap in America and there are many people driving them for Rs. 50 lakhs. They are not considered to be an arrow in a pumpkin, so let me try to explain it with a different example. There are many African countries whose capitals you type, the property inside their capitals is very expensive and 30 kilometers away from the capital city, Zingala is very tribal. What do you mean by property? It is lying there; no one will go there because there they will spear your jhinga lala hur hur and the airport in the capital city. And there are big buildings and expensive ones, very expensive ones, now I am not the one who takes everyone's example and curdled your brains, you people, you yourself, then said to him, it is better to go to that country and take everything from its capital.  Take it in Manhattan, it is a matter of demand and supply, the people who have to go to the mines there and extract diamonds will not live in Manhattan, brother, they will have to live there, the five to six to seven people of Services India.  I am taking the example of Gurgaon in CR flats where you get the same in flats worth Rs 70 to 80 to 90 crores which are not available in America, be it concussion services or your facility even like swimming pool. What are you saying? Yes, go check out their density.  Check the facilities, check the new societies of Gurgaon which have been launched in the last two-four-five years, they are the best in the world, what nonsense are you talking PK?  Made Bhang Hey, I am not talking about the infrastructure of Gurgaon, I am not talking about the city, I am not talking about the country, I am talking about the openness, the greenery, the landscape, the construction, the layout within those 20 acres, 30 acres.  I am talking about the density and facilities, I understand what we do, we get confused with the city and Greater Noida, so take Greater Noida and look at the society.  What is the condition of the people? What is the condition of the people? There is no infrastructure there. Infrastructure is very good in Neemrana, so go and live there. Infrastructure is in Bangalore and Mumbai. Just what has happened in the property that Mukesh Ambani ji bought in Antilia for Rs. 1 crore.  Now its valuation has been made, it doesn't have to be sold, but with that much I had made, after melting it, see, Fay has bought it for 200 million dollars seven years ago. I would say better than that in Manhattan, our Antilia has 28 floors. In Mumbai, we have a 28 storey Antilia in South Mumbai. I bought an apartment in it for the same amount, facing the Central Park. Look at their Central Park property. You can see an example of a property there in New York. That is not even verified. Magnolia is verified for Rs. 25 crores but it is not verified. Plus even if it is, I am saying that after doing it, see who is the most expensive property there.  It's something like It's something like that yours is a very small town Hold it, you are from Sagar district Okay, somewhere in Sagar district, you are very good in studies and you have topped Sagar district May be I am from Sagar district  He is 12th in a school in Delhi, so who are you comparing with that number? You and I, who are the topper student here, are below him.  Fair enough friend, when a rich person lives here, then the address is what he wants to become. Everyone's address is now closed, this will stop like this, when this news will come in December, if not 100 then around 75, 75 flats will be sold on Golf Course Road. Buy DLF in Gurgaon for Rs 100 crores. When Camellia sells Rs 100 crores, it is sold once or twice a year and it becomes news and beyond.  People, how come it is so expensive, now when 75 will be sold, then you tell me, there are 400 more flats which will be sold in the next four years and by the time the last one is sold, you will have made Rs. 1.25 crores for it. You see, then I will not use the word that it is slap but brother.  This is demand and supply. What does every middle class man think about this lady? She is carrying a Louis Vuitton bag. She is carrying a bag worth 35 lakhs. Brother, it is better than this. Take alt, at least you will sit and go. Hey my brother, the one who is taking a flat of Rs. 35 lakhs, has a backlog. If not, then at least she is roaming in the next Q7, she must be roaming in welfare, is it ok for her? Everything is there in the cars and in the house too and I have come to get everything only there, but what does a middle class man do, if I have so much, then I should do this. If you ask a middle class man this, brother, this is Bajaj, Housing is this Bajaj.  from france Brother, why doesn't he take Rs 20000 worth Rs. 1300? Why doesn't he become a tycoon like this by putting Rs. 1300 in Ankur Warku ji's SIP? No, my. You feel good that you are taking the loan which you cannot afford and he is taking it anyway, so you are telling him that no, you should not take it, that it is better than taking so much money.  You buy a house here, he has 100 houses, then go and get a yacht, then his turn comes, no, what is the use of buying this Rolex watch worth 50 lakhs, the watch is made on hand, what is the use of an expensive watch? Hey brother, a watch tells the time, a watch tells the time of a person, so the person who wants to show his time to the world wears an expensive watch so that he can see his time, you all have your own friends who are roaming around wearing Rolex, now they are wearing Rolex.  in the show  If you go to the shop, you don't get it, they say, yes, this is what you have to buy, book it, there is time, there is waiting, everything is happening in life, it is just that the middle class will come and always do this, why to buy this Rolex at 50 lakhs because to make 50 lakhs you will have to earn 80 lakhs because 30 lakhs will go to your tax then you will buy it instead if you had not bought it and had you put it in mutual fund then after so many years  This much happens, after a few years the uncle has already made 100 times of what he is going to spend and his 100 times will become 10,000 times and he is spending it. This middle class is consuming information about things that are happening but they do not understand it.  They are not doing it because what they are doing is looking at it with their software, they are wearing green glasses and if something is happening then they have to beat everyone.  It seems that they will have to make themselves transparent. Brother, the one who is taking it is not taking it with AI. Now at Ambani ji's wedding, his guests were given watches worth two crores. I am not able to understand what is the implication of those taxes.  Would he have had to pay gift tax? Would he have given it? I don't know but he has given it. It is okay. It is possible that a rich man may pay tax but he would have paid tax and then he would have to pay tax on tax because he also gifted it. Don't know his chartered.  go to accountant  What did they do, but brother, if so much is given as a gift, then you have to understand that there will always be a situation where in this is a road, this is a road, on this road, like a golf course here, there is a property worth Rs. 100 crores and here  Sukhdev Apartment Nagina Nagna Apartment is a CGHS society worth two and a half crores. Then here Vipul will become Monte, here he will become Randa, everyone has different rates, new latches of Godrej are coming here. 66000 will come, 35000 will come, everyone has their own ecosystem, all the goods will be sold, all the rates are justified, it is something like that the watches are kept, this one is worth 50 lakhs, this one is worth 5 lakhs, what is the difference, both show the correct time and also for 5000.  There are all kinds of watches, wherever you go, watches worth Rs 50 lakh will be kept, while those worth Rs 5000 will not be kept.  But even if it is worth Rs 5000, it is sold in the same way as are the shoes, now on the same road you do not have the road rate. Now on that road, this is our diamond, this is our gold, this is our silver, this is our copper, this is our soil.  Okay, so if we understand the rate in this way, then earlier people used to say that, this is the average rate, average rate has no meaning, project is rich boys club, brother, we have considered it as circle, now this is the rate, take it. Lo and then many buyers come and say yes, how come these Rolex cars are being sold, how are the watches being sold, how are the Rolex watches being sold so much, these rates have become double, they have become double the rates in the last 2 years. Inside, the rate has gone up to one and a half times, the room rents are priced at Rs 50-60, meaning less than five digits, meaning what used to happen earlier, you could get rooms for Rs 78,000, book on time.  Take a look at a good five star hotel in a good hotel. 17 18 20 22 25 If you cook something for food, then go now in winter. Brother, you say 000000, friend, in this time, I can get cheaper abroad. Keep saying then immediately.  Okay, so this has become a fact, now India has something to say in this, so tell me, look at the share price, where have the luxury brands gone from the hotels and  Who is catering for luxury, where have we gone? So what happens in these comparisons? We can never think of our country that we can also sit on the high table, how expensive it is here, there in America, let's go to New York.  Go there too, homeless people are roaming around, there is a lot of smell of sewerage, there is a lot of smell of weed, I have not been to New York myself, but I get a lot of consultation from New York and at the end of the consultation, when the work is over.  If there is, then I can also have a friendly talk for 5-10 minutes. Yes, if you give some knowledge, then everyone will tell and the people there will not go and do all the rice themselves, they will tell you everything, this is an advantage, they will tell you good things as well as bad things, it is good.  It is not a big deal because reaching there is a good thing. It is good for the one who reaches there and has his own house. It is better for the one who cannot take it. If I had it with me, I would have taken it there, then how would we live.  you have got your visa You have got citizenship, nothing is happening to you, you don't get golden visa in New York, I have bought a house worth Rs. 20 crores, they will let me live there, there is no such concept of golden visa as in other countries, so in other countries, you can get your country so soon.  Don't write off why this happens here yes now Rs 100 crore will come and yes Gurgaon headlines will beat Mumbai and you have to understand why that is cut daily also for that  Sometime a separate video will be made, I hope you guys wanted to give me this clarity, you guys got it, I want to take all the questions head on. Whatever you guys feel, it seems like the whole game is like Apple to Apple comparison.  It will not be made to turn apple to orange and she is not an expert eye, she is a normal eye who sees, oh man, it is amazing, look what a wonderful penthouse you are getting there and  What is available, how is it available and see what is available here, what is the size, what is the size, how many square feet are there here and there, what are the facilities here and there, every buddy who is a foreign traveler also.  It is spoken to us that the facilities which are available in Indian five star hotels are not available there, they have very less facilities here, man power is still cheap and we are giving better services than that.  What can they give in that kind of money which gives the feeling in a flat worth Rs 5 crore here? Brother, I am giving the example of Gurgaon in India which gives the feeling in a flat worth Rs 5 crore or seven crore in Gurgaon. What is the fuss there? 70 80  90 crores are needed for equivalent feeling, this should be known and who are as many foreigners as me and who have or will have this thing as a coincidence because my well research  If so, please write in the comment section, this is fine and yes you will soon hear 100 crore flats being sold in Guga not one now not two not 10 not 20 not 30 but more than that and in the next four years the project will  There are around 400 flats sold out, we will do well there, and now the people of Gurgaon are  It has selected a government for the third time. It is a double engine government and it will do very well. I hope it will do well. It's okay. Politicians are also waking up to some extent. Here we are slowly watching carefully what happens.  If so please spread this message and like the channel and subscribe. If you want to take membership of the channel then you can do so. Thank you very much.