Hello friends, I had promised a video which is beyond your imagination and related to real estate, so today that video is Kachhe Baniyan and Real Estate, I am going to link up Kachhe Baniyan Sales and Real Estate, this is one of mine.  This is not original research. Original research was done in the US where it was told that when the sales of underwear and vests are low then real estate does well and this thing I Indians have to prove to you all.  I have been wanting for the last two years, you know, real estate has been doing very well for the last two and a half years, so how will you check the Kachha Baniyan page, we have a company called Industries, which makes the Kachchha Baniyan for jockeys, they have a license and have got a franchise.  Yes, Page Industries is in Hosur, it is a company in Bangalore area, so the stock price of Page Industries is currently hovering around ₹ 7000, I think it had hit its peak two and a half years ago.  If you go and check its stock worth Rs. 53000 and see the results of the last eight quarters i.e. two years, you will get D growth. Now you people will say, what is the link in this, I mean the link is strong, man decides, man decides to buy a house.  The main woman also has a role in it and the man is very unique. Now you will say, friend, how much do the underwear and vest cost, how many will you buy for Hajj for Rs 2000-5000 in a year?  And real estate is so expensive, so what is it that real estate is being bought with the savings of 5000 kachch-baniyaan, it means that real estate is getting expensive, it is doing well, it is psychology, yes, a man buys less kachch-baniyan when real estate increases.  It's a matter of laughing, it's a matter of laughing, but this is a very strong collation, many people will not even understand it. I know that whatever you see, all this is not a bit Harvard Harvard and it is all up and down talk that research.  And who has so much time? Normal first order thinking will say that Bedi is a thing. I also explained that how many underwear and vest can a man buy? If he has bought a house, the EMI is increasing, the interest rate is increasing or the property is expensive.  Is the property getting expensive? Is the property doing well? Is it worth buying? It means basically the ticket price is high. Real estate is high ticket purchase. 50 lakhs, 1 crore, 1.5 crores. Real estate is worth Rs. 2 crores and 3 crores, the minimum is ok, so where is this rate here and where is this Kachcha Bania but their direct, so next time, now this is going on, now when the real estate or page industry will start doing very well, now half of it is now.  You have already heard the story that Guruji is telling that the number one clarity giver is telling that suppose you are this then what to do next, now what you have to see next is that now you should keep the share of page industry in your watch list, buy and sell.  not speaking to  I am not recommending him, I am holding on to real estate. Whenever you see page industry running, real estate will stagnate, see and whatever trend I am telling is the trend of the day.  Is n't it that today the stock price page of the industry will increase at 5 and real estate will go down at 2, there is no relation to anyone, whatever is the relation or trend, there is any trend, it takes time to form it, to see it, to understand it, to study it.  feels like a lot  They are born and are caught in six months. If a trend does not develop in three months, then how will it be caught? It takes time to develop. Today you people can catch it in one or two years. Today, I have told you only this much, so keep your interest in it.  Lo declares the results of every quarter in every quarter. Page Industry Page Industry is a default setting Kachchhe Baniyaan of India, others are also local Kachche Baniyan is also there, Rupa's company is also there, others are also listed players, dollar wallers, those  I am saying that you should hold the page industry, hold one, otherwise you can relate it to the others too, but you should do the page industry, assume the share of the page industry is 37000, something is going on, it has sales because the share price will go up.  Follow the sales and the growth and the profit and everything so just follow it and see if you can find any relation, neither is it amazing nor is it fun. If you enjoyed it then tell those who felt like it. Friend, yes or without studying, you cannot speak without studying, you will have to work so hard, and if someone works harder, he can go further behind, then see, now I am not going to work so hard after studying, that I will not even gain knowledge.  Save me and give me something from my paid consultation and also work hard to prove him to come, he doesn't do it because this is my channel and all my channels and my attitude is that you should also work hard, okay, I am not the proof here.  I will keep doing it, I have proven this, I have shown that, go on doing it, do some hard work, you too, why don't you believe me? The one who did it definitely enjoyed it, yes, you will see from the next time, but who  There are no shares, those are skeptical people, so you work hard, I will do all the hard work for your skepticism, do it and note down now and see further also, half of the prediction will happen, half of the story will be played out, so be very very.  Careful about Kachhe Baniyan Kitne Ba Kare Desh Mein It is judge gut direct link with this because it is a psychology when there is a husband, a father, a man, it is psychology that he does his Kachhe Baniyan Kitne Ba Kare, it comes to him, you must have seen the underpants of many fathers which  Meaning, the holes and holes dry up, meaning you understand what I am saying, who will see the mind from the type, who will see the mind, above that you wear good clothes, this is psychology, yes, it is very big.  You can consume, okay but this is how it is happening, okay, some people will link it with just pure inflation also but it is linked with real estate for sure, you see, if the other way is, look at the stock prices of real estate, see historically.  Take all the data, brother, the reflection of the price of real estate will also be visible in the stock price of real estate, so the number of listed players of the last one year is theirs.  Look at the stock price, you are fine, Shobha, DLF, Godrej Property, and Industry's page, you will get Ivers Corelli, you will also get And Going Forward, check this, I don't know why I told you, I had promised last time, so that's why I told you.  This is a very big thing, I am telling you, okay, so subscribe the channel, press the bell notification and in the comment section, you will also get to attend paid webinars. If you take membership, then membership of the channel.  You can also take it, you will get to know interesting things and it is not taught in any university, it is not taught in any school or college, nor is it taught by any marketer, no one teaches real estate, why am I number one because I am the one who teaches, the rest will tell and teach.  There is a lot of difference in me because I teach, that is why I am number one in giving information. From information comes knowledge. From knowledge comes wisdom, so I bring wisdom. Do you like real estate? How do you like it? Write in the comment section, share, like and what things seem beyond your imagination. Whatever you want to know, write in the comment section. Write about the city. I also have a Tegra group for real estate.  In this, I take polls from different cities, I bring different products, projects from different cities, meaning Top 10 of India, okay, so I bring from those cities, so that's s