Hello friends, let us standardize one thing in Gurgaon real estate because there is a lot of confusion especially in the resale market and I will explain it to people in a very good way in this video so that you people do not get confused in knowing and identifying the rates of Gurgaon.  There are many options in the resale market and the prices are quoted, but the square feet rate quoted in the resale market is the all-inclusive rate. This is the confusion.  Don't do that now I will impose GST on it then I IDC EDC PLC no other position you have to do how to do I try to explain to everyone you have got the cost sheet you have bought the house suppose someone else has some project in which 000  Its rate was around Rs 500-600, it had PLC, then there were GST charges around Rs 700-750 and there were some other charges, so all the charges were the total Mugam rate.  Had let's get 4 crores, some got 3 crores or 2 crores, then whatever crores he got, give him directly from the super areas from which he had told the stories, do it everywhere in BBA and cost sheets and carpets at that place.  This is talked about especially in BBA but right now in Gurgaon market they don't talk about carpet. There is confusion that by talking about carpet, the higher rate seems to be higher because the balcony is not counted inside the carpet.  If we talk about exclusive area then there is confusion as to what is happening in Mumbai market. If there is no balcony then carpet area is carpet area. Do you know that there is no balcony? It is only 510 feet. Okay, so what is going on here now. So to understand, we will have to do some form, it is clear to those who are selling the property in the market but those who are selling i.e. those who want to buy, there is confusion and the sellers are confused and that is this. When you sit, there is confusion, it means everything will be discussed, it means there is confusion in understanding the rate, so let me explain again how to do it carefully, watch the whole video, spread it, you got something in total worth ₹ crore, the basic selling price of it will be something.  There will be some PLC, some car, they have made the rate by charging 50 tons, there will be GST, whatever tax they have done, the total rate is 3 crores and the carpet was 2000 square feet super area. 1400 will not be written, its carpet will be most like 1200, 1250 and 150 feet, the balcony will be 150 feet, including the carpet area inside the balcony and the carpet area should be 70, the super area will be at many places, I will also tell you the formula to calculate the super area, which is the carpet area for you.  Add the two balconies and multiply them both by 1.4. To get more pressa, multiply them by 1.42.  Two, your exact car super area will come, this is rare on this edge, no one will explain, people will make videos that the loading is more here, they will tell such stories, both these things are bound to happen, only variation can happen now for the inside and outside balcony.  Just understand this, if it seems like a lot of information in the area, then write in the comment section, I will tell you sometime live or through workshop webinars. So now the super area that you had taken, let us assume it is 000 square feet.  The area is 2000 square feet and the thing is worth 3 crores, then I will divide 3 crores by 2000, then the rate will be 15000. If someone in your resale market says 16500, then brother, multiply 16500 by 2000, that will be your rate, simple.  C So you mean your premium is Rs 30 lakhs i.e. your all inclusive rate per square feet.  And minus the rate which is being charged in the market, finish it like now there is some announcement, there is Shobha, there is Shaper ji, there is Godrej, Meridian, some of their rates are going on, okay in resale, that is the resale rate of all their projects which are the flats of that.  You have to multiply by super area, Shapur ji has big 3 BH, make it 18520, Shobha has someone with 2 3 43 square feet, multiply by that, ok, your meridian is the same. Now when you tell him that I am quoting at ₹ 177000 or whatever rate, then do not go to him and ask him to give my GST also, give this, I will do the basic selling price.  What I am telling you is that it is not that people do not know, many people know this but many do not know, many do not know, so those who do not know are being told and those who are  If you know, please spread this thing so that you can have clarity as to what is the rate of my project. Once it is ready, the same formula will be applied in the places where people are living. Now, what has happened to the supper area?  The rate itself has been missed, like if you buy in Dwarka or in Delhi, now you don't know how much it is, you don't even know the carpet, you do n't know how it is, what is built up, whether there is carpet, whether it is this, then the best rates are prevailing there.  There  So go brother, take a tape measure, take your measurements, take out the carpet of the room, take out the balcony, add both, multiply them by 1.42, get an area, what will happen to you, will it be a comparison that I am also getting this thing in Dwarka Expressway.  This is this firm, this is my formula, I am extracting all this from the paid content and telling you all that there are many places where you do n't even know that there is a super super within a few yards.  It is also written many times that there are such old flats where the games are kept in the yards, now they are built up, there are carpets, they are super, I don't know anything, there is no problem, the flat is aging, there are walls, it will take 15 minutes for the painter to come. Even after painting, the walls are measured to see how much rate will I charge per square feet. The tile dealer also looks at how much it is, it is very easy, you can measure, two feet of tiles are installed, three feet are installed, count like this.  By doing means you can do it like that and with a tape, it takes two to three minutes in a room, if there are two people, it happens quickly, if there are three, it is even better, one is noting in a diary, both are holding the tape, quickly, quickly, quickly, F 12 feet 8 inches  12 feet 8 inches will be written as 12.6. People also write this as 12.8 and then the calculation is done because they know that 12 inches is 1 foot.  It is okay, so 8 inches will be 66, 10 inches will be 83, okay, so this is basic math, but people make mistakes here too, then they increase or decrease its area, this also remains the same and what the builder tells in the buyer agreement.  It is said that this area can be plus minus 2 3. If you go to count in actual also then it can increase in many cases, but where it increases, Milder takes the money and where it decreases, he says.  This is Plus Minus 3. It was written, okay, such stories also exist, but there is no need to be so scared, it is okay, but you have to use your brain. Today, under the formula, I told you all in the comment section, whatever you want. These are the innocent questions which no one is answering. If you have any doubts, please feel free to write queries without feeling shy. M of this channel is to provide lot of real estate literacy and join.  By pressing the button, you can also take the membership ship of the channel, there is a lot posted on it, reviews are posted, you will get a lot of projects and I regularly do webinars for free as well as paid ones, so if you have not already joined me.  If you have already joined a group, then you will be getting things, there will be duplication, but if you have not joined, then things about the top seven 10 cities are explained and explained to you in the comment section. Real Estate  You will get webinars, it is a completely private group, you can join it by clicking, then please share the channel and like it. Thank you very much.