Everyone knows about the house that we have taken, anyone can take care of it, no one can buy so many houses that the house will be missing, but the portfolio of mutual fund can be so many, I don't want to take the name.  Tell me in Demat, you have opened five or six Demat accounts, this is my trading account, this is my investment, this is long term, this is my free cost share, this is my old one, this is the old Raita, I have opened it. remained  I am a young man, God forbid why should I go, but even an old man of 70, 75, 80 years of age does not understand that his family should cry for his departure or cry for the one who left after spreading Raita, no one lives in the property, brother, property.  One is two, three is four, five is 10, but 10 is also visible that this is one, yes, this is a flat, this is a plot, this is a shop, this is that, this is in his name, this is what he is looking at and Everyone has taken it in joint names, you can always take care of it, the crowd does not come to occupy it, I say that my youngster who is coming, neither his job is secure nor his relationship is secure, here we are together, it seems like this.  You stay here as a tenant and take possession of it. Within seven months people leave the house and go away. You must be capable of occupying it. You must also be a man from the village. You must also have the personality of an occupier.  The face is visible, friend, don't give it to him, he will take over, why does he look like a child, a living couple, a child, he does n't know when he will take over, if I eat after four months, he will take over your house, but the psychology is such that brother takes over.  This happens only on those things whose documentation is not proper, now there are many properties in Delhi, people have no idea about them and they have been given to someone for a long time, there are also some cases of possession like companies in mutual funds or stock market.  It shuts down, like I said, an accident can happen anywhere, you had to drive a car, you will not stop it, but many people also say that like mutual fund is a stock market, if I ever have any financial problem or anything happens, I will sell them.  I can liquidate it easily by doing this, it is very difficult to liquidate the house, so that is the problem, this is the best thing, this is the piggy bank which does not break because if the piggy bank breaks the fastest then you will get success in life. Where will you create wealth? Hey, keep one piggy bank in your life which does not break even after being hit by a gun. You want the entire piggy bank to be such that it breaks when hit like this, because whenever four or five things happen in life like an impulse, something happens in the body.  So there is health insurance. If something happens in life, it is gone. If the car breaks down, there is car insurance. And you have to spend the money for living. You have made peace for a little while by buying a house, now that is it.  My rent has been saved and my rent will keep increasing. Now do whatever you want to spend. What is it for breaking the piggy bank? What do mutual fund people say? How does Kanjampatti Vacation do this for child education? You did all this, after that you did all these programs.  Your life is zero because after finishing your Swiss vacation, Swiss mutual fund and having children, your life will be ruined. Here you have started creating assets, these assets are standing trees.  Like their fruits are being given, the fruits are saying that take your vegetable, it is cheap, you need to plant trees, mangoes come every time, mangoes come every season in May, so why are you planting trees? Yes, there will be mangoes in 12 years. Hey, someone will plant these mangoes that are being sold. Someone has planted them. If you keep saying that if I don't buy that house, will the builder build it, then you are saying that I am a fool. You are right.  So if I'm stupid  No, I agree that circumcising the house with lettuce is stupid, so I am the idiot who took it, you are the one who did not take it, so accept that you must be an idiot because if he is not an idiot, then what kind of an idiot is this builder who will build this thing now?  That the builder and we control everything, Rera has come, we are not made like Maggi, you are a lady pregnant, then you say, no child, no, I will not come.  You can predict whether someone's wife knows how to make a cake. It is a very big thing to understand carefully because only on this basis you can make predictions and you cannot predict the stock market. I am not saying anywhere that you should not do the stock market.  I am saying that we will eat everything. I am saying that we have to do real estate, we have to do stock market also, buy paintings also, buy antique furniture also, buy gold vat also, buy real gold also, buy silver also and crypto also, whatever you do.  Do it friend, who has forbidden it? Depending on your status, buy a house first. No man buys a life insurance policy first. Yes, yes, and the sooner he buys, the lower the premium. No one wants to die. No one wants insurance but takes it.  Hai health insurance bhi hai toh ghar is like that [Music]