Hello friends, the topic is a very interesting story about real estate in Sarita Financial Media. I would like to tell you with two examples and why this trigger has happened, I will tell you. You must have seen one of them by controlling money recently, but one is Deepak Shenoy ji.  You should Google them, they have come up with such an article that 10 Internet has been taken over by real estate and mother has sent her saree to real estate and real estate is useless, keep your capital and have a house.  Keep it, what do you do ji? Those who have money are in the market. The other favorite is ours who always posts something like this. Do n't hesitate to Google me. Kamat ji who is the owner of his Zerodha, he has such a beautiful love house of his own where he lives.  The video is probably his mother's, it is on YouTube, it is on the story, he shows the house, it is a very good family, it is a prosperous good family, no one tells how much progress you can make in life by making your house so nice and peaceful.  I ship this to you all  Do tax here, do tax there, you definitely have to make it and then such articles come, now we are also Guruji, I never say that equity market, stock market or mutual fund is bad, so why say bad, they are very good.  These are also very good, I am from Haryana, we will eat gulab jamun and we will eat kheer and we will also eat rabri and we will also eat carrot air, everyone will eat. This is the bowl of your fear, Date Chowk is from Haryana.  The same person is asking, Yeh Do Do Katori Ne Do Sab Liye Bhai Bhai Bill, you don't have everything, why don't you have set classes? You guys, I had to tell you under two examples that it looks like every two-three months, isn't it? This is sir because a lot of money is spent in real estate. Brother, these financial people are killing some people. You invest 5 lakhs in the stock market and you invest 1 crore in real estate because in real estate you invest 10-15 lakhs.  You take a loan of ₹ 40,000 and he takes a loan of 85 lakhs, then that is already done for them, now I will repay it, so our games will not be played, so making these stories of AAK is a caste to create misconceptions.  All of them are very big financial, they are on YouTube, they are registered as well, which is normally rare, they are fine in the space and I think they have 60-70 lakh subscribers and all of them are  I make good videos, but there is no complaint, but they themselves openly say that in real estate, this is a mess for me, so the whole time you all are busy in rasgulla rasgulla rasgulla and then you yourself are eating fig barfi.  You are a good one, I will give you the example of figs, it is my favorite, you are figs, why don't you ever ask someone to eat fig barfi, you make rasgulla rasgulla rasgulla.  You keep saying that I belong to you, there is also transparency, by sending a ship of Rs 5000, you think that you will reach it without knowing, they give you the reach, I will become a millionaire in 30-35 years, if you do like this, then it is like this, if I hit 25 setups daily and this I am not a hobby, I will become a home in such 18 years, how many have you become? Message on: Made till date, who is that? Okay, this is the story, if you had done it like this, if it had been like this, if only Baji had given me a caste.  So we say Chacha ji, meaning these are those dialogues, meaning basically, Ba ji's face is not there, Ba ji is Ba ji, so that is because Ba ji is okay, that is not okay, so this is this, which is like this which you see in the media.  Yes because the answer to everything is bad these days. Hey brother, there are so many stories about getting ruined in future options. There are so many news of getting ruined in stock market. Can you give examples of them and say that no, we should do real estate and not gold.  should do And it is being said that it is very good, I will tell you against the Sovereign Gold Bond, you get the direct percentage, it should be gold, there is a making charge, I will tell you that it is not a gold band, I will tell you, what is better than that, and I will tell you logically.  I have understood sir, it is okay to clap on Clarity. If not, subscribe to the U channel. I have a separate channel, subscribe to that too, but I will tell you where you will watch the video in two-four-five days. It will be shown on that channel. Video but again I am saying this ki bhaiya fair pe karen to bhaiya tumhara mutual fund 4% falling news dal do market lapsing this date it stands up again then falls down again stands up again falls down story someone like this  Till date, tell me any middle class person from lower class who leaves his job because of stock market, you will find many people who trade by investing, in other vices you will be Musaddilal only with a ship worth Rs. 5000.  By saying that you are running on fear only in trade, you can never make your bus do this, now 60 lakhs have been collected inside it and now I will not take your nonsense because you know that 60 lakhs will become 40 lakhs at the market current, it will be 50.  He will go and he is not throwing anything at you, but brothers and sisters, if you have taken your two taxes home, who can take what I want to learn, then you are no longer able to do anything in Baby Naaz and two-four houses. In a year or before the age of 28 years and you can definitely do it till 35-40, if you have cash flow then you can show your eyes to your bus, real estate makes you powerful, this is also a truth, I am telling you and not these people.  Will tell you all these things because if you are a barber and asking whether you need a haircut and living depends on saying yes you know you need a haircut, there will be even a hair on your head sir.  Make it equal, it is getting a little long now, you are also paying 70 rupees from the bill, 12 years ago and 15 years also, I have played a lot of mutual funds and all the games, I have seen it, you do the same, I also marry. I also do astrology, 68 different things I do, only 10-15 people know, rest I do at my own convenience, so you have seen the article, the real estate seller himself will say that  No, if the real estate will do good, then that situation is doubtful, brother, you are again and again, if the real estate will do good, will the real estate do good, as if it will do good, for whom will it do good, then ask, it will be good for the developer, it will be good for the investor and so on. It will do good for the user. It will do good for the government. Real estate will always do good for the government no matter what happens because there is nothing to be done to get the money for the registry. I have to go to the tehsil. 8% 7% He did it, he took it  And you gave away the flat after 2 years. Musaddilal sent it to Kantilal. He thought that he will get it registered again. A flat which is worth Rs 1 crore may have been sold to the government 10 times more than that. Without earning the money from the registry, when can it be done in real terms?  Whenever the state does something then the government is good, the government is benefiting, if the builder is getting a lot of benefit then the investor is not getting it, this is also for you and the user to see.  If the bar is getting a lot of profit, then the bar is not getting it. Sorry, if the seller is not getting it or the tenant is getting a lot of profit, then the landlord is not getting it. It is not so easy to understand real estate, the stock market, it is very easy to date, stock.  The market is doing well, put your money in, everyone is doing well, there is real estate in it, there is a trick situation, if real estate is doing well then it is doing well in residential, in commercial it is doing well in residential.  So what is the plot and flat, what is the flat, what is the flat, what is the flat, what is the branded builder, top builder, listed builder and this Chhath Ko Matko builder is ok, all these are in the same category, are all the cities doing equally well, are the cities  In Sari location, it is doing equally well, IT becomes very tricky, nobody teachers, it is like me, there should be a subject in the university in any rail status, real estate should be a subject in the university, if ever a university is formed, then I will be the day to speak on its first day.  Whatever is fine bunny, why should we learn because real estate is the most expensive decision of our life and if you are Mukesh Ambani because the last costume bought by Mukesh Ambani was probably worth Rs 3000 crores, now the valuation is Rs.  10000 crores is also the most expensive personal purchase item of his life. Real estate, this car, a ship, he might have bought it for Rs 500-600 crores, but if you are Mukesh Ambani.  Whether you are Master Dinanath Chauhan or whatever you want, the biggest purchase item in your life costs more than marriage. It costs more than children's education. It costs more than education. It costs more than your marriage. It costs more than your children's marriage. Real estate also costs a lot. If a big loan is taken for real estate, it is important to understand real estate. It is very important for you who are listening to me and today it is less than 35 to 40 years. In the next 40 years when you  You will be 75 years old if you are 35 or 80 if you are 40 or 65 if you are 25. In the next 40 years you will witness transactions of Rs 100-200 crore in real estate. You will witness the bill in your life. Do you want to tell me again that you will do one hundred crore fitness? Yes, witness there is a stock market. With a capital of Rs 5 lakh, you can do training worth Rs 10 crore.  If you can, then the properties of your parents which will be sold, you will buy, buy again, whatever you do with them or your brother's, your children's, your siblings' you will be able to influence decisions, so it is date date it is D figure 100 to 150 meaning 2  If a house worth crores is sold and you take something worth two crores, then this becomes a transaction worth crores. In 2023, it will be like this in 2017.  There will be something in this, there will be something in 31, something will happen in 35, there will be restructuring of assets, selling the shop, selling the house, selling the old, selling mom and dad, grandparents got it, someone has to do something, this will be decision making, so I am talking about the middle class, I am talking about the lower class.  If the rich are not doing it, then it will definitely be theirs, more so the normal middle class who is a normal person trending on the situation and he can be yours to bear witness on behalf of these losses. If you meet him, you can influence him in a way, you can also become a very good consultant, if you want to take membership of the channel, then you can become a real estate consultant, you can give knowledge to people, you can charge, you can take gold membership.  I am also taking gold membership. Message me on WhatsApp that brother, I have taken the bill. I have added you to the special group of gold members where I have conducted monthly real estate workshops.  At list one and something more also date once you take you no bill once your D group so it is good engagement good value for money and by paying such a small fee you can do these 100-150 crore transactions which are impending in your life. So you will influence this in a butter way, you will become a very famous villager within your circle because you have the habit of doing rational consultation. You will get into the habit of telling me that you will not do such a consultation that your uncle had bought that shop in 2002, it is very good, it does commercials very well, take it in 2013, you will not be like that, you will not do rare view driving, I will give you binoculars to see ahead.  I will give you what is going to happen from 2023 to 28 and what is going to happen in 32. If you get a telescope then it will definitely connect. Thank you.