Hello friends an idea with which we can have projects in Gurgaon at 101000 000 sq ft I am going to give a very good idea and in a way you can take the proposal and builders also see it a lot, original idea remains mine later rest of them are also taken from youtube  A consensus is not being told about the rules and regulations and other things in full because I am the number one clarity giver, so listen carefully to what I am telling you, you have been following me for the last two-three years  The government has increased the FR, new rules have come, TTO rules have come, FR has gone up to 3.5, 4.5 and even up to 4, the increased FR can create more space in the build, if the floor area ratio is high, then  Whoever is allowed to construct whatever amount, he will construct it completely. If you have FR 2.64 somewhere in your 200 yard plot, then he constructs it completely, the person does not leave his land.  Why would the builder leave it? He is taking land worth so many crores, so what is the big deal in it that even if he builds a bigger unit, the density still comes out to be 110-120 because the FR has increased, but if he builds smaller units, then he will have to consume the same FR.  If the number of units has to be made more, then the density will come to 170-180, brothers and sisters, so is this acceptable to you people, those who invest in Gurgaon, people of Gurgaon, those who buy property in Gurgaon, then you have to write in the comment section between 1.5 to 1.8 crores  Things will come in but the density will cross even your affordable housing. The density of affordable housing has been 150 flats per acre but if you look at the height of affordable housing, it is generally 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17 floors and up to 40 floors.  If it is less then this floor will be more and the density will be more but still it will give you a feeling of openness in the ground Do you people agree that we should raise this issue? Should we send a message to the builder that brother, your ticket size is Rs. 6 crore or Rs. 8 crore and we will reduce the ticket size from Rs. 1.6 to 2 crore? Bring it in the middle of CR because there can be two options in it, when you reduce it too much then the price will come between 1.6 to 2 and the density will be very high, you reduced the density a little, you did it till 150, did not go to 180 190, only till 150  If you do it, then it is possible that the pricing may come between Rs. 1.25 to Rs. 30 but the demand in the upcoming market of Gurgaon, according to the price point, is more between Rs. 1.5 to Rs. 30. If it is less than Rs. 1.5 then people may forget anything in their life. Affordable housing will be available anywhere in Gurgaon. It can be sold after one year of its position. The good opportunities will cost Rs. 1.25 crore in the coming time, not today, when it will come into position after three to four years, like an affordable  Housing is  The day it gets positioned in Constant Habitat 102 sector, it is a thing worth Rs. 1.25 crore. I am talking about affordable housing. So whenever MRG 106 gets positioned, the high rise, your Neo Consent Mall and Shobha's  A new project is being launched, your ATS is next to it, opposite to Cocoon, in that belt, it will also cost Rs.1.25 crore, its cost can also go above Rs.1.25 crore of BH, whenever it will be received, there is a delay.  If you want videos on why the delay is happening then I will make them but now you have to give this proposal that something like affordable housing, not by the name of affordable housing looking sleek and good with swimming pool and basement car parking and  A little bit of trouble, if you want good rich specifications in 1.6-1.8 cr then you tell me, second thing is that affordable housing is not seen coming in much quantity in Gurgaon area in the coming time because most of the builders will sell their change license.  In any case, the builder does not save money in some affordable housing because the 5 acres which he has bought for Rs. 10 crore per acre, someone has bought it, suppose now it has become 40 crore acres, in four to five years he will build on that land anyway Go ahead and write the word retirement homes, you will hear stories about retirement homes somewhere because the government has brought a policy in which something up to 30 square meters can be built as per carpet area and it is like 330, hardly anything means so  Such things can also be made, no matter how big they will be, they will be made in small size, they will be sent to retirement homes like Deen Dayal, what is the confusion about Deen Dayal, people think that Deen Dayal means friend of poor Deen Dayal, it's okay, if you misunderstand the meaning of Friend of Poor, people think that this is an EWS scheme, whereas this has already become worth 2.5 to 3 crore rupees, which still has some inventory.  If whatever is left then it goes at this rate so that system is over so now the new you I will not use the word Jumla but the new marketing tool which you will see in the coming time, you will get to see these kinds of things, these small which  We will build one tower, two towers, now societies will start coming up in two, three or four acres also. Earlier it was required that minimum this size should be there, so now in Gurgaon, you all should brace up for more like Dwarka, like not in Dwarka Express, Dwarka Gu that is there  There is Dwarka in Delhi, there are such types of societies, there are not many amenities, there are not many great ones, there is no club house of 1.5 lakh square feet, only then things will come in this range and this is the only way to take the price back to 10, 11, 12,000 again. I would like to say that the assisting projects that you see, which are called luxury, they cannot be less than 15000 to 16000, not even 15 but 16, they cannot be built for less than 16000, otherwise  Anything which is like luxury cannot be built for less than 16, its simple math is cost of land plus cost of construction plus marketing sales and that expense plus some profit which builder will make, so brother this is the answer, in this cost of construction is fixed for everyone  The idea is my one and the specifications are between 3000 to 4000 depending on its height. The more the height you increase, the more the cost of construction increases. So you know the cost of land. You can find out the cost of land also.  It is not necessary that if a builder has bought land at Rs. 10 crore per acre and today the rate there has become Rs. 40 crore per acre and the new person who is buying it at Rs. 40 crore, now the over reality will come in Gurgaon and that  Now a new land parcel will be bought by an agricultural worker, now another big builder is launching the land parcel after buying it, so the costing will be derived from the cost at which the land parcel will be bought, so the general market costing will have to be applied, right, a builder who has accepted it  Land  If the purchase is at 10 crore per acre and right now the rate is 40 crore per acre, then it is possible that he may make the rate a bit cheaper by putting 35 crore per acre in the calculation, but he is not going to do it by putting 10 crore per acre in the calculation, I want to tell you this  I am telling you that he will tell you that he will close the market after six months, what is the problem, he had taught the equation x + y + z to people a long time ago and many people had learnt it. I teach things in great detail in my ramp course. If you want to join my real estate mentoring program, then you can send a rump proposal on the number given in the comment section. Please write in the comment section that no, I do not want this proposal. I will buy only a thing worth Rs. 6 crores, I will have to pay one and a half crores.  I do n't want it for two to one and a half or I want it for two and a half to two. Density of 50 flats per acre like it is available for those who are paying 8 crores, it is not available there also, that is a different matter, even for those who are paying 8 crores, the density is now 70  It has started becoming 75, so it is not less than 70, 75, 80 anywhere now, you can even write it in the big so called luxury ones because only that will happen which is practical and what we want cannot happen now, you people know that  Share, Like, Thank you very much