Hello friends, Noida vs Gurgaon, I have brought it from a different perspective, many videos have been made before, it is quite interesting for me, I am always interested in it and I am from Gurgaon, so I like it, if someone is your team, then you are the same.  Will support but I am trying to give a new perspective. All investors will benefit if you have already invested in Noida or want to do so or are a new investor from Gurgaon.  I will give perspective, I will give it with a new development. Historically, I have never been bullish on that side. Have the rates increased? Yes, the rates have increased. There is no doubt about that but it is about risk reward ratio where you have to put.  Your money and that reason which was mine, which was my reason, I never spoke in such detail publicly, that thing has become a thing for him, however I have told him in my  In my webinars and people who used to join me, I have told that thing and today it has happened that is New Noida New Noida Yogi Ji and Headlines Master Stroke Yogi Ji's Master Stroke in Bulandshahr and Reland is being acquired in Dadri. Today you will get to know the inside base of Gurgaon and this side of Noida is an endless place, this is your story of Jewar Airport till 40 kilometers from Pari Chowk. Story of Ida Now this is the story of New Noida They are acquiring 209 square kilometers from 84 villages There will be gross over supply from Bolan city and Dadri Master plan 2041 has been released Now people will say ok, you have to see which gentry they are catering for  That city is going to be settled, government will put infrastructure, businesses will be brought in industries, factories will be brought in, workers will be brought in, employment will be increased and GDP will be increased.  It is praiseworthy to increase it, but here as a private investor, we see that where the industry comes, there is land for the industry and material, it cannot run much for it, the blue collar workers of the industry cannot increase the residential rates and when it reached 209 sq. km. They have to develop it in four phases, till 2041, the supply will keep coming, in the short term anyway, the Amrapali Group's  There are stalled projects, of JP Green and also of Unitech. In this way, after the expiry of all the builders, those which are being built under NBCC, after melting down, 35400 Hazrat flats will come in the market next year and there will be over supply to this city.  There is a plan to settle down with only 6 lakh population, yet the population is yet to be determined, but I want to tell you, you can say anything, Noida, Greater Noida.  Noida Extension, Noida Expressway, Ade Aage Ko Peda or this New Noida, add all these, the population of all these is less than half of the population of Gurgaon, I am talking about the urban population, it is less than half and here there is suppressed supply to Gurgaon. If you understand the geography, if you look at both the places in Gurgaon, then the Bharatiya Janata Party government is formed in Haryana, so it will remain in UP for 5 years.  Do n't even know about the one who will eat the camel in 2027, this is also a fact. You know the politicians who follow what can happen where but what is happening in Haryana, no government specifically acquires anything in Gurgaon, land and acquire in Noida.  When it acquires in UP, the authority there earns a lot of money, the authority is earning a lot of money and the authority cuts the plot and people think, oh!  Are you interested and apply? I want to do a poll today through this video. If you are invested in Noida or want to invest in any way, write the truth with your hand on your heart or are you a resident of UP.  Are you from any other place or from any other place, whichever place you are from, my claim is that in Uttar Pradesh, in Noida, in New Noida, in Greater Noida and in Jewar Airport, most of the crowd and investors are from Uttar Pradesh only and not from outside.  When people from outside do not come, the rates do not increase so much. This is speculating that Gurgaon is above Noida and will remain above Noida and will remain so. If it goes up then it will have to go up. I have come here to Noida.  I am not going to spoil things, I am making my Edu video here, so if you people remember, I also have a Guruji from Gurugram political channel, if you have not subscribed, there are more good GK videos.  It is said that subscribe to the channel, when three students had died in a basement, if you remember in our Mukherjee Nagar, there was a basement flung there and there were people of IAS and there was a lot of ruckus in it and  You people know that I had suggested it and I had requested the biggest person who runs the institute there, Dr. Vikas Divya Kriti, that please, this useless place is nothing like the garbage of Delhi and please do it.  It happened in Mukherjee Nagar. It happened in Rander Nagar. It happened in Mukherjee Nagar. It is fine in words, so I told you to go here or go to Noida, and he went to Noida. Now I don't know, after hearing from my video, I thought he had gone to Gurgaon.  I didn't call you, I know, I told you that Gurgaon is already expensive for children and in Gurgaon, I myself gave in to my greed that I should not gather bachelor crowd at all, this list is running, a different system is fine there.  But I have heard of 15000 students and the prices of rents and properties have increased. Exactly in which of the 16 sectors they have done it, I could not figure it out before making a video. You guys, Noida Greater Noida.  You belong to that side, tell me who is Vikas, who is Vikas de Virat ji, where is the office open, which is for IAS coaching and now more children will also come, so we want that area to be better.  Do it but this is gross over supply within Gurgaon. If I go a little south, Rajasthan starts, if I go west, Uttar Pradesh starts, if I go north, if Delhi starts, nothing much can happen. Sorry, go east, go east from Gurgaon.  So, if Uttar Pradesh starts, I go down, then Rajasthan starts next and if I go to the West Side, North West, Delhi starts, then there is not much scope here, BJP is in government.  Haryana and Gurgaon are not acquiring land from the farmers because this has already become a big political issue. This was a big issue when the previous government and they used to do politics on each other. They acquired the land of the farmers and raised this issue.  It is not built there because the land that will be acquired in Bull City and Dadri, I think it will be done at a good rate, perhaps this issue will not arise there because it is historic there.  The authority has been doing this but there were big issues in Haryana, now the government in Haryana is politically sensitive, so it is not in all the cycles, so the land is very less in Haryana and especially in Gurgaon, so the prices of Gurgaon will remain ripe and will keep moving forward and then  A gentry filter is going on. The gentry filter is going on. If 10 people of Delhi want to buy a house and want to move out of Delhi, then the ratio is nine people.  Many people want to come to Gurgaon and one wants to go to Noida side, the one from Patap Ganj and the one across Yamuna who naturally should go there, many of them want to come to Gurgaon only and do not want to go there. You write this fact in the comment section that if you  If you are in Noida then where are you from and where should you invest from? I am saying again and again that you will get the link of Uttar Pradesh. People from outside are not buying flats in Gurgaon. People from Tamil Nadu are buying flats in Gurgaon.  They are buying from Gujarat, they are buying from Mumbai, investors, businessmen, Marwaris of Rajasthan are buying, outside crowd whether from South or from West India, many people are buying inside Gurgaon, now there is no data but if there was then then  It seems very good that those who are leaders, big people, businessmen and politicians, where are they buying? I want to ask whether any politician of India who is not from Uttar Pradesh is buying anything in Uttar Pradesh. What do you think? to me  There are no exact figures but what is your gut feeling, nothing is achieved by naming one, two or four, but what is your gut feeling, where is your big money, smart money, big money, where is it in Gurgaon, so if you, I will tell people even today.  Do not paint in and around Noida because there will be some supply coming there. We will do it anytime. Gurgaon is blue chip and will command a higher PY ratio. Gurgaon is the Asian paint in the paint industry.  Brother, its P/B ratio will be high and it is the second player, like if Kajaria Ceramics is the largest among tiles, then P/B ratio will be high, then Gurgaon's will be higher. I know many people are involved in infrastructure and infrastructure.  I would like to make a separate video sometime, I will make it ok, they will say infrastructure but what is the problem, they are making infrastructure but there is no gold on it, where will the economic activity come from?  Come, it takes 150 years to take a city to a level 18753 which is good for the country and economy and especially Uttar Pradesh but you are not competing in that league, you understand that if a Shahrukh  If Khan is there then Noida then you remain at Ayushmann Khurrana level. Is it congratulations? Was it not a hit? Was Andhadhun not a hit? Is his younger brother an immense power?  Khurana, his wife has not become a hit, is n't this money earned? Yes, it is earned but it does not reach the level. If you understand, then I know it is difficult to make such videos because the people of Uttar Pradesh do not have the population.  Rest, although the population of Gurgaon is more, there are many times when fights take place, memes are made, these are Gurgaon vs Noida, they are historic, you know, there is a lot of liquor in Uttar Pradesh.  Suppose in the whole of Uttar Pradesh, liquor worth ₹ 1 is drunk, in Gurgaon alone liquor is drunk worth Rs. 02. I am not talking about quantity, I am talking about the amount of money. That is the Arwaaz volume, of course, Uttar Pradesh is 27-28 crores, that is in Uttar Pradesh, so if the country was separate, it would have been at seventh and eighth number, then this is the GST of Haryana and the GST of Uttar Pradesh is equal to 12.  For six months in a month, Haryana's GST is higher, check it, and for six months, Uttar Pradesh's GST is higher, and one state has a population of 2.5 crores and another state has a population of more than 25 crores, and it is not that within Haryana,  If it is worth 2.5 crores then brother, a lot of money is coming from Jind, from Fatehabad, from Kaithal, there also 70-80% money is coming from Gurgaon, so understand that Noida is silver and Gurgaon.  It is not gold, Gurgaon is diamond, there is so much difference and every time this happens, we will keep telling whether water fills here in July or August, yet flats worth Rs. 100 crores come here and come on the same road where memes are made that votes were taken.  And they will come like this, but listen and think sometime, because there is greenery on the other side of the golf course road, brother, nothing can be built, you understand, you cannot go anywhere, there is no place and if rich people sit here then Gurgaon is a Classical example of a rich boys club is a club, there is an entry fee, so what is happening in it, is there any quality of liquor in it, it is very different, it is just a crowd, people go to the pub and drink liquor, how expensive is it, what is there there?  What do you mean? The boy who looks like diamonds and pearls, took four friends in his room for tasting on Friday and bought liquor from the shop, tell me how much will it cost, but if you go to a pub, it will cost the same, but the difference is that you will get popcorn.  Bring it, it costs 0, make it in the microwave and eat that big but the same popcorn. If you want to eat it in PVR while watching a movie, you will get it for 300, 350. So what happened, keep saying there is nothing in it, why do you have to watch the movie, why go at all.  What is there in it? It is Louis Vuitton and LV. There is some mark which looks like an  The thing is Gurgaon is a big brand and UP is and especially Noida, Greater Noida cannot come to that level and if the poor guy was trying to come then this announcement turns the area into factory workers which is a very good thing but necessary. Bhai Lot Saheb is a blue collar worker, if he is not there then it will be very good, it will be very good, infrastructure companies will come, many companies will come and more companies because in the new master plan which they have made, it will be very good for the companies and factories.  There is a lot of space for this, if I can see it then I will also tell you that from 2023 to 2027, 3165 hectares (one hectare is more than two acres) will be developed, from 2027 to 2032, 3798 hectares will be developed from 2032 to 2037. Will do 5908 and from 2037 to 2041 8230 brothers  UP is worth 25 crores, you are not able to get 6 lakh people from it, you are making it a state, then no one from UP is coming, something like this is not happening, the population is not increasing, so it is 209 square kilometers, so this is Dadri, Noida, Ghaziabad.  One region will be created which will be of pure Uttar Pradesh, it is very good for Uttar Pradesh, it will be the growth engine of Western Uttar Pradesh, someday Uttar Pradesh will be divided into four parts, separate elections will be held and separate provinces will be formed. Even if Western UP is formed, it will not become a list because as you have gathered people, they will also say that everyone is respectable, I am not talking about classes, but brother, five star hotel is five star, two star is two star, dhaba is ready, dhaba is ready.  It is ready, it is okay, so if Gurgaon is five star, then Noida is at best three star and all this new thing that is being made, it is two star, one star at best, it is okay.  The breakup is in the master plan, whatever residential will be built in 2800 hectares, commercial will be built in 840 hectares, institutional will be built in 1739 hectares and 2900 hectares will be left for traffic transportation, then a lot of industries will come on 8420 hectares, so you know what industries are, all blue workers only, ok.  If it is 8000 then it means that industry has not settled in more than half the area. Again which?  This is a very commendable thing, no one is saying bad, it is good but you should understand what is happening in the entire area, ok then I think it will be clear that Gurgaon has emerged as a clear winner, big money is here if  You are an HNI and want to invest more than Rs 10 crore in Gurgaon. If the cut off is above Rs 78 crore then you can write to me HNI on the given number because it is very  Investments are coming which are coming in this ticket size and this is a very limited supply, like it is said in Gurgaon that the supply of Bitcoin is very limited or Diamond because its supply is limited then the rate of gold is less than that because of the gold.  The supply is more than that of diamonds. If the supply of silver is more than that then the rate of silver gets further reduced. Silver goes in KG, gold goes in 10 grams, diamond goes in carats.  If it is weighed then it is like that then if you are HNI and want your good portfolio and information about products, projects and NI are high net worth individual then you can contact us on the given number HNI whatsapp2 and clear cut winner is emerging Noida  It is behind, but in the absolute sense, those returns are also coming there too, brother, now that the run has become there too, big players are going there as well.  They are not reaching the level but are still going and none of their rates are cheap. No rates of Noida are cheap and I say again and again that the rates of Noida also have to be increased. Gradually the limit has to be crossed.  We don't want to demolish Noida, Noida will grow, if Noida grows by 00 then Gurgaon will grow by 0. It's simple, it can't be that that happened with Noida and Gurgaon. Okay, now this should not happen.  It is possible that India will be ahead of America, right now it does not seem like 100 years, it means at best after 80 years they are saying that India will reach 25% of US economy, this is the mean figure which many times we do not know, America America  If we keep doing this, India's GDP will be 25 times that of America's GDP. If the growth continues like this, then in 80 years, if everything goes well, then that difference is very high and the infrastructure of Gurgaon will cry.  I am telling only one thing to the people, brother, when your infrastructure is also fixed, it will start happening, now see, BJP has come in such a bad government, CM Saheb has taken care of everything, so why will it not grow, now it will not grow.  So when will the double engine government grow? Yogi ji is also there, our Yogi ji is also there, Yogi ji is also doing well. Who said this and who said that Noida will not do well, yes it will but if it increases then 00  Gurgaon will cost 120% and that difference will remain but there is a lot of confusion in the supply which keeps coming, so much commercial will come, so much population, no one outside is investing, now they will say no, the industry is coming from outside but no one is coming and staying.  Even the CO level people of the top listed companies or those who have factories there do not live there, they live in Gurgaon. I want to tell you that I am a rich man.  Aspirational man lives in Gurgaon. Rich man of Gurgaon. Poor man of Gurgaon also has an attitude. Noida Greater Noida was a retiree paradise. It is a retiree paradise and people do not spend there. There is no Swiggy and Zomato. They do not spend. Purchasing power is very less.  The salaries are also low, the intention to spend is even less and there is a lot of small town middle class.  The mindset is that where money does not come out, economic activity reduces. Where economic activity reduces, real estate will work accordingly. Real estate will work according to the amount of rent one is willing to pay. The rent will be the same.  Will give as much as you earn, earn as much as you want, it is okay and if there is activity, all the things are linked to each other, then such videos are solidified in Gurgaon every three-four months and People do this for Noida and someone gets distracted or someone writes wrong in the comment section that you sell in Gurgaon. Hey, there is no need to give IIT IM exam to sell property in Noida and even if there was, then both my  Brother, I have passed the exam, even then I would have done it. If this criteria is also met, then it is not that there is some great work to be done here, but there is an ideal commitment, there is an ideal commitment, there is no noida.  Greater Noida is not at all clear, don't buy this one, this one has to be bought, take it small, take it very small, take it very small, Noida is very good in Greater Noida, yes then stay there on rent, then who has forbidden you to get a job, stay on rent, you can get a bigger one.  It is on rent and buying. Buy here. Buy here. Live in Gurgaon. Who built this in Noida, Greater Noida? Who said this? You have to live where you want to buy because the property will be listed.  The same will grow timeless because the supply is unlimited, sorry, the supply is limited in Gurgaon and in Greater Noida side, we have seen that it is unlimited, a new urban has been created, if I put the formula of R-Squa in 209 kilometers, then the radius will be around 1.5 kilometers. As for you, if I take a turn from Rajiv Chowk, then Gurgaon is solved. You are building a new city, so where else is the rate from?  Only those blue collar level workers will come and look at that also, the authority will sell the plot for 50 thousand rupees per yard. Now even in this city, more people will stand in line to buy it and there will be no benefit in the long term. Everyone will sit with everything, passing the parcel without flower theory because there should be underlying economic activity, only stories are sold, only stories are told, everyone tells stories, how many stories  How probable is that, how much is that, the whole game is based on that, everyone tells the stories, which I have just told in 202 minutes, you guys know this story, but how logical is it, how believable is how much is that, you have to put your mind beyond that, just because you put it.  It is placed there, don't think like this, cross over supply is coming, I am saying that let these expired NBCC positions come in one year and you see what will happen, write it in the end comment section. So take a deep breath now, do not make fresh investments in commercial Noida, Greater Noida and all these areas, there is a lot of over supply of commercial in it, please do not buy by mistake, do not buy commercial at all, what about residential, it is bad, it is good.  Whether the rates are increased or not, whether the rents are increased or not, a person's child will sleep in his own cot and fan, at least he will get a bathroom in the morning to take a bath and cook in the kitchen, his work will still be done.  If a person goes to a commercial then don't buy the commercial at all, don't buy it there and see for yourself, there is no one promoting Noida Great Nude in any way because it is very difficult to defend it, no one is doing it.  And now this new thing that has come is one more city, if seen logically then the rates should be halved but they are not halved because the city will be built in 20 years, it cannot be built overnight so still the rates will increase.  So we will definitely stop, there wo n't be half, I don't want it at all, why did Noida's rate fall to 2, brother, Gurgaon's rate will also fall, I have to increase the rate of Gurgaon, reduce it, otherwise why would Noida's decrease, so I am not reducing it, but these are the future subscribers.  I am telling them that to many of them, if this argument seems logical then please write it as logical and if it sounds like nonsense, I don't even speak illogical and there is a mistake in the spelling.  It will be nonsense, it is easy, B A K W A, I am telling you the spelling myself, brother, if you feel nonsense then write nonsense, one half may also seem nonsense, according to me, it is very logical, okay, if it seems logical, then write logical, so that from that Voting will also be done and please subscribe the channel and like it. If you want to take membership of the channel then take membership and if you are an HNI investor then please do so by doing HNE. Thank you very much.  mech