Hello friends, very interesting topic of real estate, it will be learning for many people, a positive side effect of the booming market, I will only say positive, I am fine, I will tell you the example of Gurgaon Real Estate and you tell me whether you identify with it or not.  When this was before the bull run started, about two and a half to three years ago, if you see, there are many affordable housing in the societies, I can also say something.  Even now I don't want to take the names of the societies. There is a society in Sector 68 which has money making machines etc. There used to be issues there and the people there used to raise noises like 'Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi', it's fine and you used to see the 'hi' of the general people. Alas, but now we don't do it, even today that road has not been built, by the way, beyond which there was a ruckus, after 3 years, brothers and sisters, there is a society in Sector 68 where there are 1300 flats of some square feet 72 73.  They used to be sold for 75 lakhs and there was a lot of noise, brothers and sisters, now they have become worth 1.5 crores, the rent there is coming at 30,32,35,000, so finger on your lips, that is, when real estate does well, it is the Lola Palooza effect.  If you are not doing well, the negativity is coming for some reason, and even at that time of the Negativity Society, I used to make videos that brother, this society will be yours, it is on top of it.  If you stage a dharna, the rate will be reduced by 00,000 feet. These lifts with affordable housing are like this, they are crowded, less and more people stay in the lift, it takes time, has it changed now, has the high speed lift been installed, has anything changed?  What has changed? Affordable housing will be double of what you had taken. Wherever your position has come in Gurgaon, tell me if it has not come and in some places it will be triple. In some places it will be triple.  The thing taken for 25 lakhs has gone, it has become worth 75 lakhs. Other wise, the thing taken for 28 lakhs has gone to 58 60 62 Other wise, it will be 75 80 at many places. Now no one is saying anything. 17 18 20 22 Rents have started coming in Haj Affordable Housing.  There has been a lot of upsurge, so now everything is practically not changed much on the ground, the thing that  I was crying, mostly that thing happens, so this is what I am telling about psychology, here I am neither showing anything bad to the public nor am I telling anything, I am just telling an observation that when this happens in life and this is what I teach to people like us, this is my second channel. Same thing happens in our life also, fights are happening, Mia and wife are having fights, then husband's tension has increased, these returns have come from somewhere, lottery has opened from somewhere, some money has come.  Then will the marriage be good? The husband has become great, the aarti will be performed, the wife will be good, something good has happened in life or something else, if not, the boy has passed IT or the girl has passed AIIMS or the children have done something good, this is life.  Yes, something has actually changed, which means nothing has changed in oneself, the ground reality on which one had to cry, the thing to cry about has not changed. Look, how I link it to real estate and teach deeper things, but if something else gets better, then everything is fine.  Correct So all that ends well ends well Is all that is well What is the English proverb I forgot I am fine but tell me all is well which ends well or by saying something like yes now everything is fine brother sir fine  Had taken a flat of Rs 70-72 lakhs, had to pay a lot of money but now it is one and a half lakhs, so it's okay, no one is there, now the builder is okay, the market is booming, be careful about good builders.  Start buying things, this is my advice to you guys, don't cry, even once you get the project, do as much due diligence as you want before buying it. Once the registry is in your name, it is yours now, nothing will happen to him by defaming him.  So a lot of goods will be sold and will be sold and people who go in and come out, it happens that anyway it makes a difference to half of them, so now you have to turn it on, it is yours, no, no, I am in consumer form, I am like this.  Well that's you  It will be known that the value of the property will end. I know such societies where RW President and all of them used to sit on dharna. Now in the bull market, the same present has taken three more flats in the society where he used to sit on dharna.  This is also a matter of truth, I am telling you because the market is bullish and many people are in it. One more thing to remember is that there are very vicious people too, many will hold protests and will spoil the environment. They know that the reality is not that bad.  or some  It is going to be good, there is a booming market, we will buy things from you at quarter to one prices, you will find it a little bit disgusting, it is not that much, it is not as much noise as we were making and today go to affordable housing societies which were earlier.  It has been sold where there was very high density, where things with carpet area of ​​400 feet by 350 feet because earlier the definition of affordable housing was 45 meters, then it came to 60 meters and then it became 15.  The meter is also of 160 square feet, so where goods of less than 45 square meters i.e. less than 500 square feet are sold and there are also cars parked there, go today, there is space for car parking in the entire area.  It is a different matter that only a car is visible but there are cars parked on the road and two wheelers are also parked inside, the parking space that was provided below but people have taken out the car parking space, now then there is no dedicated car parking.  Also, car parking space also comes and gets sold and the government has made a provision that if you can sell then things were looking like that at that time and they were going to condemn, you will eat the car parking, it was affordable housing brother car parking.  Meaning, car parking in Hooda sector is outside on the road where there are no stilts, you can go anywhere you want, DL Phase One, you can go anywhere you want, where the ground floor is first second and Rs 2.5 lakhs.  There is a rate there too, if the car is parked on the road, then if it is parked on the road somewhere inside the wall of the affordable society, then what was the problem, but people have capitalized on these things a lot. In two-three years, now no one talks, nor does any UTTER come and talk.  No user comes and says 'A', that's why I used to say on that thread, 'It's a blind buy, everything will increase'. If I used to say double or triple, then Jinjin's will be very good. Learn in the end market was a phenomenon which I  We have brought webinars for you people. If you want to attend then you can also get education in the comment section like I did through this video. Thank you.