Hello friends, today we will take the basic understanding of real estate versus real estate returns of mutual funds. Mutual fund returns because of a lot of finishing influence make topics on things and one standard topic is Rahat, yes, you took a loan on real estate and then you gave the loan and you  If you have given bass, you have given only so much bass for so many years and if you lie here then it becomes like this, basic mathematics is a relief, rough mathematics is a relief, so today I will talk about some things and returns which  Maybe there is no discussion about caste for real estate. I am not saying here not to do mutual fund but I am telling him how to do it in a more buttery way and for such youngsters, first of all you should buy a house and then do mutual fund, this is how it should be done.  We will discuss about that in the mutual fund, every month, it will be invested as per the best, so take any mother, it is a mutual fund, take any good one from any fund house and its new one is ₹ 100, today, if I  If I put some money late and put ₹ 1 lakh in it then it will be deposited as per my 100 rupees. There is a market of 4 years. Lately, the market is bullish or up trade or is it a reasonable good economic scenario in which sometimes such Sometimes the generality is going up by doing like this, then whatever new I get, I will also get 110, 120, 140, if this new is going up from ₹ 100, it is going to 140, 4.  I am getting 150 rupees late in a year, so I am investing my money at different times but here my lib is zero rupees brother in law this is no concept where I can say ok mutual fund sir number I am in your mutual fund ₹  I will invest 1 crore but I will invest it in a year because I do not have money and I will invest it slowly but please give me this ₹ 100 that you have today. I will not say brother, this is no.  Note that in mutual funds, here you will get the market price of the day, but in real estate, when you are a builder and you are looking for a late construction property of a premium builder in a premium location, let us take an example.  As an easy example, let's take dead crore or ₹ 1 crore. For this, you don't have ₹ 1 crore but he told you the square fit rate at ₹ 10000.  Fixed, now that rate is becoming ₹ 10000 400 after two months, so yours is only 10000 but the money is not yours, you got the payment plan, you got 20 * 5 25 240, whatever you got, now you have to pay this much, then you have to pay on super structure, then position.  Paying but your rate was fixed earlier, now inflation has come, sir, the rate has increased, it is ultratech cement, it is a sack, whatever, whatever rate.  Big, he made that commitment to you, that rate will keep increasing in the future, infrastructure development is happening outside, economy is growing, interest rates are going down, Fana, threat, demand, supply story is here, then what did you do, Singh Sahab has one crore.  You did not have it, you had 10-20 lakhs, so you made the payment, then you took the loan, now the loan you took, you took the loan at eight plain eight no percent. Whatever is going on right now, defending on the civil court, okay no loan, if your absolute growth is ₹ 89% and you are giving him build base, eight no, then you are still getting beat because he is flooding the entire portfolio. Sir, till now you have not taken the loan because you see that this is first, this is zero, this is four years, first year, second year, third year, fourth year, so you have given the initial money, you have taken your loan here. Took a loan, now this loan is only for 3 years but the problem you have is that this is not the total cost of the property, it is of Rs 20 lakhs, it is only 20%, then your interest is on it, due to which then your calculator will do that.  Eight is 8.5% so this after that here after that here after that here you are positive then this is the leverage you are doing to him even if you did not have the money then compare the returns with the returns which you can give only when you have the money.  If you can then the absolute numbers get shaken, here you can play for Rs 10-20 lakhs, here you can play the game for crores, date is this one second thing, this market has collapsed, if the stock fell by 20-30-40% then you would have panicked.  Be it a ship, band or caste, do you withdraw the money or is it easy to withdraw the money? If you ever need to withdraw the money, then the ship says do it for 20 years, it will be so much, he would not have done it for 20 years because it is easy to withdraw it, isn't he one of yours?  It is like a piggy bank, if you ever open it like this, it will burst within a second. My ill status note like date. Real state, when you have not got it even before having children, then there is commitment. Your wealth creation is a real statement. This is what Chindi does, is n't it?  By shipping Rs 510000, everyone told me that if I do it then something good will happen in my life. Nothing good is happening. When you get that house, either you will live in that house or you will give it to that house.  If you pay rent and live in the house, then put the remaining rent in a mutual fund. And if you are not living on your own, put it in a mutual fund. Now your rent will double in 8 to 9 years. And you play with this only the market is core. Now when you calculate the market in the middle of the year then you will have a lot of money in the market. If the market has forgotten then what happened to the loan? You have to understand that if  I am 80 lakh loan late. Let me give you an extreme example. People say no, the more you pay, the more inflation will happen. Hey brother, I will tell you with an extreme example. I took a loan of one crore late 20 years ago and I have only paid the onion and I If I don't repay the principal then how much will be my loan after 20 years? It will be Rs 1 crore because I only gave the bass. I didn't even pay the principal. Now the new bass I was giving is being given on rent.  So, my rent for 20 years, which was 3% in the beginning, gets doubled in 10 years, although the rents double in 8 years and also double in 7 years, according to 10%.  It's okay if it doubles in 7 years, but I am from 6-7%. If it doubles in 10 years too, then my three's six becomes 12%, then my rent will be 3%.  You listened carefully, I got the average rent in the last 20 years, I picked it up at 7:30 and that's it, I gave the adjusted income tax rebate which has gone, so that's it for me, okay, now I have a loan of Rs. 1 crore on my head. I have given the basic information that normally this does not happen, people repay the loan in a year because the salaries get flooded, everything is possible, but if you want to give an extreme example then brother.  Sir, inflation has also destroyed the value of his ₹ 1 crore loan. Today you have a loan of ₹ 1 crore on your head and 20 years ago you had a loan of ₹ 1 crore on your head. Do you understand the difference in its weight? Will the value of the money reduce?  You should also understand that the government is the biggest authority of the country. On the other hand, the government is more important than any company and is more God than any individual. Sixth, so many notes are printed that the loan that gets paid does not get paid at all because it is a type of inflation. I have ever seen you as an example. Someone had once made a policy of Rs. 1000000 30 years ago and today it has a maturity of Rs. 10 lakhs. What is happening is ₹ 1000000. Today, when you will be paying him on time, then how much more will 10 lakhs be worth? I have paid you 10 lakhs.  In 1992, how would the policy of Rs 10 lakh be going, the person who did it doesn't know what is great, now in 2023, this is the mutual fund and ship, no one even allows you to have so much and he doesn't even let you have so much, that is a different thing whereas what I am telling you is The property that you had, the loan on it is one crore rupees, the amount of money I had has become equal to the rent, it is my loan, look at the name of the property which was 20 years ago, if it is a property worth crores of rupees, is it a big plot, is it now?  If you see, it will be worth 6-7-8-10 crores, that is Sir's profit, I have given these people in absolute terms that your interest will go to this much, the interest rates vary, in the next 20 years the interest will go even less which was in the past.  He has to go much lower than the 20 year interest rate. The way the economics are, this leverage is the best chance to do it. If someone wants to become rich, he has to create wealth because the assets are so long. Real assets will become expensive. This is the new generation, Jain ji, who has been working since 96, will not be able to buy it. The child who is 18 years old today will not be able to buy a house. This thing will become so expensive, it will always be rented.  But it will remain the same and then it will always be backpacked and the renter and the same should I buy, the car can also be taken, if there is power, clothes can also be taken, utensils can also be taken, the house can also be taken, no one knows what to do next.  could my  Come to infect the house, go to see the bathroom, show me that you are very useless, how are you, you have a lot of problems within the society, so I will make a separate video some time, if you want, at least 10 to 15 reasons which are there.  Note, non- financial considerations, non-financial reasons, you should be normal till date, no one has done that, they don't say, this is security and emotional lead, they have ruined it emotionally.  From need you do not know how to increase efficiency in your life by being needy. How to increase leverage. You live in your own house, isn't it the way your bus tweets is different from the way if you stay on a rented house and  I see what you are saying and renting and staying on in your own house because that is reflected in your attitude which is my video I will make it if you want then tell me  Because today I just wanted to point out the difference that brother, they do not tell me these things, they never talk about rent, they never talk about income, they always keep the interest rate at high, they never say that people  They will also return the loan. These people never talk about your salary. When it is in a mutual fund, they increase your salary by 10% every year and put it in it. However, this is also a fact for people that their salary should not increase by 10% every year.  There is a job too, it is a Chhath caste, if you somehow get a house in this life, then come on, even now you will not starve in the government's two-tax-five-six rupees bathere scheme, because the house rent is something which you will have to pay, if you live in your house.  If you don't live at home, you will have to live physically, then calculate your sins from mutual fund returns, then you can see how things are happening and please send the mutual fund returns for the last 6 years by writing.  Tell me how many negative ones are there, zero or 3%, how many are there? Read, 6 years is enough since 2015 or after 7-8 years, tell me how many returns, tell me the returns of the last three years. Now these people also do this.  You have reduced the fuss, ship the scaffolding, will that also come to me, please do the calculations and tell me what is going, no no, the maintenance cost will be very high and then this cost will flood, then that will flood, then paint will have to be done, all mother.  Lia my brother, talk about the rest of the rent also, what is the condition of the rents in Bangalore? Do you know? Now people want a video on that. You guys know what happened in Bangalore, today rents are stuck inside Bangalore.  It is going to be started today because as the supply of big lions becomes completely limited then Shayari will become different and it will become very difficult to live there. They will say that if it becomes difficult then it is necessary to live there, but also I will tell you all.  I will make a video. You can watch the video from my other channel. If you want to join Real Estate Info Winner Group, you will find it at the top of the comment area. If you are not already joined, there I will tell you the templates in detail. Topics are different and  There is also a plan to do two to three in the Math. If you have not taken the silver membership of this channel yet then you can do it and you will also get real time opportunities to invest and learn. Membership is from Rs 15 lakh for projects up to Rs 1.5 lakh, projects in Gurgaon, Bengaluru, Pune, Ahmedabad are ok and above that too, if you want Rs 10-12 crore, plus you need access to webinars, then Gold.  You will have to take membership, okay, there will be a real estate workshop too, but I have also made a video, you can watch it in detail, I have explained it in detail, so you understood more about John C.  Yes, you can take that membership and after taking the membership, you can connect to the Taken I Bill Give WhatsApp Group Also Members, then you will join that also. If you have already taken the membership and are sitting here and listening, then please WhatsApp.  Dena thank you