Hello friends, I had made a video about which project should not be taken etc. I added a little numol in it due to which people got a little confused. Okay, so today I will do it clearly and well through this video so that you can understand. That brother, I am an astrologer and I am also a Guruji type of person. I am telling you some things so let me explain well what the poet wants to say because in that I had focused on that project and he had gone to Newmol ji. So talking about number eight.  will take four  Now you have to understand carefully what I am trying to say, the numbers four and eight have an energy in them which has some rest due to which you achieve a lot in life with that rest, so when it comes to real estate.  When it comes to your house, it is said that those who add numbers four and eight, do not buy those apartments. Even today, if you go to any project and you say to me, if you check some of the vacant units, they will add them.  Two Eight, you can check this, it will add up to four and eight, people believe it and it is also practical, but you should understand it if you are young, I will also give an example of one in Sector 89, Gurgaon, because people have told me on that also. Something said ok Gurgaon Gurgaon is a city Gurgaon is a city there is a sector 89 in it add 89 it becomes 17 and 17  If it becomes eight, then I will tell you from its example also that because I have also taken residential there, so if I am such a knowledgeable person, I am saying this knowledge then why did I take residential, then understand once, because come.  It is very easy to say it like this, if you understand from the video then you understand what the poet wants to say and I will take the example of Sector 89 which is a sector of Gurgaon and will tell you that there is an energy.  Like, what do you want in a commercial shop? Whenever you go to a commercial area, what would a shopkeeper want, that there should be a crowd of customers, that there should be money transfer, there should be brightness, there should be noise, or would a person want peace in the shop or commercial area?  Yes, no one will want it. Those who are old people, above 60 years, 65 years, those people should avoid house number four, eight number. If you work from home, if you have any desire to earn money, then you have a lady house.  You are doing business from number four and eight. Unit is very good. You yourself are number four and eight. Number four and eight means you are born on 4th, 13th, 22nd, 31st or 8th.  If you are born on the 17th of the month or on the 26th, if you are born and you are the head of the house, then you can live in this house because your own energy is like that, it does not matter to you, so what if  live in it  What is there, people will keep coming and going, so people keep coming and going, it is not a bad thing, it is good for many people, celebrations are happening, parties are happening, people are coming and going, but not for many, so it is good. Depending on who you are it is decided so no one can say it is bad or good it depends on who you are The multi utility corridor in Sector 89 of Gurgaon is completely commercial.  If there is vibrancy of activity, then the residences there will give very high rental rates there, which I would say in the language of UP, the way it is spoken, there will be lawn lapad type, there will be a lot of youngsters, there will be a lot of parties, alcohol, disc, this is like this, this element is more now. Many people like this element very much, people call it crowd, it is good, people go to give money for this, otherwise someone can open a bottle in his house and taste it, which is worth Rs.  To get the work done, there is a need to spend Rs 5000 and that is why this element becomes high. This element is high but not everyone will like it. Now let's talk about Sector 89 and there is a lot of affordable housing there, there is a builder whose three  There are four and a half floors, which means they are made of low rise ones, all this crowd is going to come there, but if you are thinking that I should make Papa and Mummy sit there, Papa and Mummy will sit there.  He is 7080 years old and he goes to sleep at 8:30 and 9 o'clock and he will not remain calm, he has no energy, this is the message I was trying to give with love because whatever I had told him about the project in Sector 80, this  It is being promoted like this, so brother, here is the fun, that is what I wanted to tell you, that is the energy clash, otherwise that is that M. I wanted to explain and tell you, hope this thing will be clear to you now.  So now people say, no no, should we take it? Hey brother, you have been born four and eight, so you have the power, you take it, if you want to take it for investment, take it, then if you want this, because what is it for investment, because this  The crowd that gives money, the vibrancy index of this thing is high, people like other sectors too, like if there is a very great sector, like there are 53 sectors, in that too, people said to me like this, Oh brother, there is the waist, there is this too.  The index is high, isn't this one, understand what do you want, what is good and bad, there are many people who say that I would like to use alcohol, otherwise I don't know the actual emotions, but I have to sit and stand a lot and the people who use it are acquaintances, so what I observed is that many  There are such people who will drink alcohol peacefully alone, drink something of their own every day, drink the good one, drink it peacefully and go to sleep, they don't want any company, why dis, why don't they want this and many people just want a brother, they don't even drink alone, they say.  Lonely  You should not drink, if you drink alcohol alone then you will get caught. Drink on weekends. Drink in parties. Drink in crowd. Drink this. So who is a good person in this? Both are fine. It is everyone's individual choice. So this is the individual choice. So when it is the turn of investment.  If she comes, if I have to stay by myself for my peace then I will not stay. I am a good astrologer, I am a good neurologist, I understand all these things very well, I am not myself.  I will stay because of my nature, I know that I am this disco disco, no brother, if I am disco discu, then I will also stay here, I will enjoy it, many people enjoy it, but if I have to buy it, I like golgappas, but do I like burgers?  If I don't like it then I can't buy its cart, I am not eating it myself, brother, I took the example of 89 sector, Tich sector is a good project, one came, goods worth 3000 crores were sold.  His share price of the listed player increased by 12 in the last three-four days, everything is fine, everything is fine and when you want to understand things, then explain them like this instead of trolling that Guruji, we did not understand all your words, I understand everything, this one did not. Please please try to explain once more, even if the message I was giving you seems wrong or something, then jump ahead and read it, I am such a knowledgeable person, I am a salesman, what is your SID and what is the exam.  Will you take a paper of mine? Will someone test you, you are knowledgeable, no need to tell, no, I am knowledgeable, if you do n't feel knowledgeable, then you tell me, it is a simple thing, people, no, I had also seen that newspaper. Self- styled Yoga Guru Ramdev Oho, he is self-styled, Ramdev himself.  If it is styled, then which one is the actual certified one? Will you give certificate to Ramdev ji? You will give the certificate to the whole country and you will give it to the entire country by paying taxes there. People will do it forcefully because they are Indians.  Show the certificate from education, hey, who is giving the certificate to whomever he is giving it to, here the government has given it to him, well, those who are sitting in the government are the same 10th pass, 12th pass are the same in front of whom we say Namaste, who is who, who is giving certificate to whom, for what thing, brother, this  The government gave it a certificate, the government gave it a certificate, then the government gave it a certificate, those few people must be the children of man, okay, they are animals.  So if the monkeys are not sitting, then if they are not sitting, then that man's children too must have gone somewhere after studying. Someone gave them a certificate. There must be someone who is the original. Everyone needs this certificate. So understand and do research. Before jumping so much and falling, check first.  Do number eight, number four is the unit, check number eight, the shop is very good, number four, the shop is very good, will never be empty, will always run well, like we, you must have seen it many times, right, we talk like a cow with a lion's face, now I have all that knowledge right away.  Free I don't give it, although I have to give it many times and I also remove it from such videos because my loyal subscribers and those are paid members, why give everything to the world, then what is the value left, even in Gaumukhi Shermukhi, it is the opposite.  The concept is that when you have to live in a house then there should be Gaumukhi front and Shermukhi at the back meaning there should be Gaumukhi entry but if you want to buy a shop then it is the opposite. Shermukhi shop will work well if it is residential or commercial.  Many times it is the opposite, in commercial you will see a lot of locks and they will not be bad at all, where below is commercial and above is residential, so that too has its own energy, that too I will show you that there is water.  What is fire? What does it do? What kind of feeling does it give? Who should take it and should not take it? What will be good, what will be good for rental, what is good for investment because youngsters need a different energy, brother, only those whose  There are small babies and he is moaning, he is finding that sound so good, you are a new father, I have become a new mother, your baby is moaning, you feel like honey and this is the same thing for anyone.  Who else likes the noise? You tell me, it depends on who you are and when you have small babies, if someone else is making small babies at that time, then you also like it because yours also does it.  you're in that Phase of Life Where You Are Very Understanding But sometimes you become so old that you don't like any happy person, you do n't like any happy person, there are many such people who are such sad people who don't like happiness.  Nothing seems good and all that energy goes away and where money has to be saved, there is no happiness, there is nothing and all such people gather together and that is not the essence of the youth crowd and there is nothing else, then those cities are like this.  It happens to people, then it is called Greater Nada. Okay, so I control my bangs a lot, sometimes I am not afraid of this myself, I should not say so bad, but I am doing it to tell that brother, this also happens many times. You keep all of them the same, why is this old age home the most useless thing in life? One should never go to an old age home, because there is negativity in old age, there is nothing else. You have put all the old people together, ha ha ha.  They laugh just to sell you those things. They have hired four old men. They laugh like this. Ha ha ha ha, old is an affectionate word in Haryana, we say nobody should take it as we, our old, my old, I am old, you are old. This is considered a normal athlete, people of Haryana know it but I give a disclaimer, don't you, how are you speaking so disrespectfully?  They say, 'It's okay and we don't send our old people to the old age home. They have played the game with us and made us laugh and cried. It's okay, old age home is something which should never come in any country and society. This is now the topic being discussed here also. If Guruji is the type then you will get the knowledge even from the one who is giving the video, so that energy is very important in real estate, no one will tell you, all these things are in this.  Paid courses and all in very detail and many times what happens here for free, if you try to tell a little like this then they only read the code because that is again the fault of the subscriber. Many times I say that it is the subscriber's fault. Come on, friend, when I did not tell in detail so openly. So what is your fault, you are ignorant, it means okay, you want to learn, then come, give money, you do n't get anything for free, you don't reach anywhere for free, you are okay, it is free, it's just like that, you did it and went away, okay, so I hope for eight and four. This  Through the video, you have got the idea that there will be no problem in buying, it will depend on why you are buying it, whether you are buying it for investment or not. Come, we have less discos, we have them, they will enjoy it, you will work from home, there is a very good thing in it.  It will be fine to run a business from there, it will be fine to do trading from there, it will be fine to sit at home, it will be fine to sell food from there, it will be fine, a lot of guests will come there, the noise will be good, the brightness will be good, but if you  You didn't want all this, then you took it, then you said that I wanted it, brother, fun, relaxation, no man 's child, no face, no one's face, then you took it. Did he go to that sector or go to that number or go there?  If you go brother, there will be a riot there, you know, you see, aunty will call the police, if the party continues like this, then that party will continue like this, now this one, I hope you have understood right, that energy is some bad bad.  No, it is depending on what is it, it is a good thing, okay, brother of Sector 89, I told you that you enjoyed it, good 00 rate will be given to those who have taken it, that one has 16 rupees till next Diwali, I think I got Mr. 's PLC VLC which  And the one of 89 is at 25 but the money will also go to 2530 but don't sell it. If you go to sell then brother it is not real but it takes 4 years to mature so whatever the rate.  The rate is increasing, it is fluff, beyond that, I will make different videos if you want, plus share this, normally I don't make clarification video, I have the attitude of my brother, I fed him, whether I understand it or not, but sometimes you feel. No, no, friend, I wanted to tell you a big thing, but if you tell it in a short time, many people boarded the bus, so I hope I have explained it to you. Subscribe to the channel, like it, you will get the webinar info group. Go to it in the comment section and see if you understand and if you want to learn all this, then only I teach it in a good way all over India, no one else teaches because there is no 360 degree perspective, only one person knows so many things which I know, otherwise that is why you all.  It will be fun to learn, you will get to learn holistic, so join, thank you very much.