Hello friends, in today's video we will discuss about the rates available in the resale market Gurgaon which are in under construction properties and those in new launches. This is a rate differential. We will discuss this phenomenon. It is a big thing. People always think about things.  If you want to understand in black and white, these old ones are not being sold and these new ones are being launched at this rate, then we will discuss this thing, okay this is a message for those who have bought the old ones also.  There is a message for those who want to take something new, there is a message for those who have taken something new, there is a message for those who are waiting and watching, this is going to be a very beneficial video for everyone, I make practical videos and there are take aways for people. You will never find such brochures and things moving around like this, neither will you find names, nor will you find drone shots, nor will you find roads, okay someone, the setting of my sofa will change to the maximum, the color of this sweater will change by one half.  If there is a flower or leaf, its color will change, rest will not change but will change, the thing that I am bringing to you in the quality of content is YouTube3, now let's start with the resale, if you go to Gurgaon, which  Things are resale market, basically you can call it cold and we will discuss why it is cold, it is cold because no one is interested, only new goods are coming in to sell, so when no one is interested.  The forces of the market are not interested so no one calls you or calls you and on top of that the resellers also have their own tantrums that they will not sell at this much and will sell at this much, sellers are the market anyway but the new buyer is the one who joins the new buyer. He is going, now he is joining like NRI is fine, so at 20 to 30, NRI is responsible for sales in Gurgaon, now he presses the button of marquee builders listed player or in US.  Sitting in Europe, Australia, Singapore, sitting anywhere, it is not going to evolve anyway in the zig zig zag of resale. How much will you pay, brother, what was the payment plan, what was that, that is one reason, the second reason is that the new goods are coming now.  Coming in ultra luxury, there is a difference in the specifications, there is a difference in the amenities, there is a difference in the quality too and something like now the product has been launched in a very central location in Sector 49, so brother that.  So the location is so prime in the settled area, the area which has been settled for 15-20 years will also demand premium and this is a phenomenon I would like to explain to you better, if you understand this thing then you will understand what is happening. You are seeing that only big ticket sizes are coming, which means the physical size is also coming big - 2400 square feet, 2600 square feet, 3600 square feet.  3000 square feet, the one that was coming 1200 1400 1600, like you had seen of Hero Holmes, you had seen of Shahpur ji, there was a time of 2000, 20, 21, 22, that kind of lashes were coming, Sudden Mama tune changes this phenomenon.  And if we understand this reasoning then we will understand what is happening and one more thing I would like to tell you is that  If you want to see Shobha's project, see Godrej Meridian of Rs. 108, which is of small size and in the same product of big size, there is a premium of 1000 to 00 per square feet in the big size, that is, the big one is expensive. Normally, have we seen in real estate that the per yard rate of a 200 yard plot would be a little higher, but we have always seen this in real estate for 300 yards of square yard vegetation.  This is an observation but now it is not here, I want to tell you that this is a unique thing and you have to understand carefully what the builders are doing in this. There will be some calculations, no calculator is needed, no pen and paper, I will tell you in a simple way to understand.  Try, if any land parcel comes, the builder builds it according to the FR. If the floor area ratio of FR is there, then assume that if the floor area ratio allowed is somewhere 3.5, then if it is 100 yards.  If there is a thing, then 350 yards can be made beyond that. One thing is very simple. Now what has happened is over a period of time. The Gurgaon, sorry, Haryana Government has increased the FR for every place where earlier it was 1.75 or something like 2.25. There everything is increased by 3.54 4 and 1 Half Transit Corridor. This project is within this distance of the road, so much more.  Apart from this, I will not make it very technical, I will tell you the rough mathematics that the FR has been increased by a lot, so now the builder has two choices in that, brother, the builder's FR can be made by the same amount. For example, in some project, a builder can be made from lets. As an example, I am telling you that he is allowed to build 10 lakh square feet, he is allowed to build only 10 lakh square feet, he cannot build 11 lakh and he will not build 9 lakh because why would he?  Why would he waste Rs 1 lakh which he could have made, just like he could have extracted it from sugarcane juice? Now what comes in the story, now what is happening in Khela, okay I am in the sense of Khela, how are the market forces doing that?  What is Bhai Saheb doing in 10 lakh square feet? He is producing less units by making bigger size buildings, so when less units are being produced then first of all the market realizes that the density is low, you can call it ultra luxury somewhere.  The density of 100 is like that of a money making machine. Many people do not even check. The density of 130-140 affordable is 150 flat per acre, which was considered the highest in Gurgaon. These ones also fell below 100. Many of them fell below 100.  Now if that 100 rupees are lost, then 100 rupees will be given to yours, now you are selling it as ultra luxury, the public has already sold it but it is considered ultra luxury. You can't say luxury like this. Okay, so now these people have again brought the density to 50-60. Once again the density which was increasing and how have they brought that within the same FR you have 3600 square feet, 3000 2400 means sizes.  You have taken it big, now no one will forget in this, what is the benefit to the builder in this because if we look at the cost of construction according to the carpet area, it is equal, so he has to do so.  What a great benefit you are getting, you are getting benefit, yes, I tell you, you can visualize now, you do not need to be a little architect, you do not need to be a contractor, you just have to make the carpet area carpet area 10000 square feet, you have to make it here 10000 square feet.  And here also we have to make 10000 square feet. Okay, in this 10000 square feet carpet area, you have taken out 10 flats. If we assume that there is 1000 square feet of carpet, then how many flats have you taken out at your place?  10 And here you have taken out three or four from the flats, for this four is fine, now four square feet, I am not making the mathematics too difficult, it will be like this, so brother, I have made four flats here. 00 * f is 10000 square feet.  Feet made here, I took out 10, so my tiles will look the same brother. Specification Specification: If I am applying the same, then the tile of the tile is getting stuck in the carpet. What is the difference, what is the difference?  It comes to things, four kitchens are being built here, 10 are being built here, okay more bathrooms are being built here, the rooms here will be more because the size of the rooms will be smaller, the size of everything here is big but when  If I reduce the size, I have to make a wall in the room, there is an expense for that, let's assume this again, one room is of 200 square feet and I have made two rooms of 100-10000 square feet.  There is a room of 200 square feet, it has four walls, but the two rooms which I made, now the expenses have increased there. What I am trying to say is that in selling big flats to the builder, there is more margin profit. You can have a rough idea of ​​how much more it is.  Let's take it, if the builder was earning profit at Rs 15 in the small ones, then in the big ones he will make it closer to Rs 25.25. You are understanding and in this, if the unit is carpet then I am getting the goods but According to how much to sell per square foot, if in this one I have to sell 700 units and in this one I have to sell 2800, now I have to sell 2800 units. Even if your ticket size is small but the quantity is huge, then from inside it seems that the supply is very limited. More than 28800 people came. Catching, explaining, showing, selling, marketing takes a lot of effort. This product is easy because in this I have completed the EEI stage, before that even the RERA stage did not come.  Gone to Hong Kong market, moved to US, sent my sales team for four months, did a presentation, got up, got the cheque, now my total case is Rs 700, 300 checks for selling the flat have come from outside me, so I am confirmed as a builder here.  I am here, I do n't need anyone to say hello friends, I don't even need a twitter, that's why you must have seen these days in youtube3 system, when you are irrelevant in any ecosystem, then there is chilli.  If it is released, then like you, some films are released. Okay, when a film is released, then the producer makes it, that is, he gives money, makes the director, then the distributor comes and then it is released in the cinema halls. If someone is fired in between, then Even if two pictures are becoming hits and are running, many people will say, what nonsense is happening, you are understanding but by sour grapes like this, wrong message cannot be sent, okay, wrong message cannot be sent, now big levels. But big deals are happening, all the small players who were down there, like now the joint venture of Hindustan Unilever FMCG is making some changes in how to do sales, so many people feel uneasy in between, so that is ok but that.  Dozen means that there is no demand for the products of Hindustan Unilever, there is no quality, there is no value for money, there are no people, otherwise it is not like that, you people are the public, it is the retailer, what difference does it make to you that the goods  Where is it coming from, how is it coming, what is coming, your focus should be on how much is coming, is it worth taking or not, will it move forward, the builders are bringing big things right now, this phenomenon will play out in two to four months.  It seems to be happening as it is said that everything has its limit so it is visible but this supply is limited and even in this case if he brings 700 units and sells 600 because 100 is still left whereas that one.  Sometimes there is an uproar, 1500-2000 checks have come, so many people have drawn the plot, people refuse, sometimes no one wants to buy the unit, for some reason, if it is 500-150 units, the builder will build it in four-five-six years, sell the project and it will be sold at an expensive price.  He has to incur some loss. To start the construction of any project, the builder has to sell only units at Rs 20. If a tower is sold at Rs 20, then the tower is  If it is possible to start, then if there are 100 flats in a tower, I have sold 20, it is okay, I have not received the full amount, only the booking amount and construction lint, even then the construction of the tower, I am telling you the rough mathematics of the real estate money.  It's like, I have catered everything in it, you have to keep the money in your escrow account, that 70 rupees and all that, after catering it all, I am telling you a figure, so this 20 rupees, every builder can easily afford it. If a person is sitting on 7080 and puts 100 then no matter what is told to the market that 10,000 people are standing in the queue but brother, out of 100, 70-80 are being sold, this is the truth and can be checked in the RERA of the next quarter, so now.  There is a difference between resale and its sale because one or two things are causing the phenomenon that the seriousness of the person trying to sell is not known in the resale. Yes, I want to sell, I have lined up a buyer, now he says he is ready to buy, he says I don't sell, then he says I have to sell at an expensive price, then someone like us comes in between, in 202 days such a video would come.  And through this video, I also make a part of that video that if you are sitting with real estate in Gurgaon real estate, there is no need to run away at this time, there is going to be a huge mismatch of demand and supply in 2020.  There were no launches in 2122, so whoever is selling in resale is doing foolishness, don't sell, Shahpur ji's 2,000 square feet rates have been increased, people have agreed to it only on me, Hero Homes rates have increased, even now I say  I am Shapur ji, don't sell Hero Homes, don't sell Godrej Meridian, Shobha people have tantrums, they are not selling like that, have fun, it's okay, Shobha people have given the rate which is the builder's.  The rate is there, you took it to him only, or there is a demand and supply issue going on, so go there too, he says yes, you want to sell, he comes to take it, he increases the rate by Rs. 00, no, don't sell for this much, Rs. 500 and everyone is having tantrums.  Nobody is giving time now till late and many people are sitting there buying on their own and are becoming buyers that I have to buy just to know the market rate and why is this bullying.  She has been in the market like me, she did not start like me, she did not start like me, through webinars, now I face a lot of trolling on this because the poor person who is working in real estate has been killed.  Fake calls are coming, now brother, I want to buy, I don't want to buy it, actually it is already there, I just want to know the rate, when you call to buy, what rate is told, is it ok and when to sell?  If we talk about it, then is n't it me, I have taught the technique to take advantage of the entire market, when you go to sell, brother, no one is taking it, when you go to buy, there is a garden lying there, then there is a mismatch between the two and which  Today, none of the sellers are satisfied with their work. Nowadays, in the coming time, the system will start picking up the files in the market. Until the system starts picking up the files, the market is not peaking, even Plato is not closing. What will come into the system if the seller is not on high pay and the facilitator is not satisfied with the normal paper work, the hard work is very justified, okay, he has to play the game of only 500 thousand feet, it took three months' time.  Took two-three months' time, then brother, that market will come, only then the resale will be caught, without that, it will not be caught because there is time to be some catalyst, no one can sell it.  No one is calling, there is no interest in selling it and the genuine person who genuinely wants to buy the game is not being given any quote because he is asking the next person to control the resale in the market in a way.  It has been taken because people like me had also given advice and today I would have given advice again. You need money. You are sitting on a good asset whose construction risk has reduced a lot because the structure has been ready for one year.  There is a position in I, there is a position in one and a half year, you take on board someone from your family relatives that brother, this much has been rated, I will give you entry at this much, you take this much and this much share will also remain yours even now.  You will earn more money and the part you had or the money you needed will be yours in full or what happens in many cases is that there is no money for the next installment because you had already taken it, so now wait to extract the full juice. Structure: If you want a video on which cycle money is made in real estate under construction, how it is made because many people buy it, sell it in 3 months, sell it in 6 months, sell it further, it was like this youtube0 bin p  This is the lotus of Hawaii, this is this rainy frog, this is when something has happened then he comes and tells the story. Hey brother, first I have to tell you, you have to explain the phenomenon and you have to come and say like I am coming and telling you now. Note.  Please note that the day the Dwarka Expressway will be operational, vehicles will be connected in Delhi as per the actual ribbon cutting. In 2 months time from that day, there will be a further increase of Rs 15 to Rs 20 in properties. I don't know what the rates are going to be till that day.  The rate is reaching Bhag, which I had made a video before Diwali to predict the price of next Diwali, which I had predicted for 12 months, its % of the price in the last two months. Brother, normally if the time is 12 months then the target should be achieved at 88. If you have predicted something from 00 to go to 130 late then the appreciation of 30 is considered as 100% target.  So ₹ has been done, you understand that in just two months it will be a little faster going forward and on the day the ribbon will be cut, he will shoot over. Read the video.  I will go and try to find it, if I find it then I will post it in the comment section. In the comment section, you will find a webinar of mine and mine in the info group. If you join it, then I will explain things further openly through webinars. Anyway, I will explain.  If I am in resale then again I will tell you that miss pricing because nobody is interested in carrying it out you require lot of people mostly people are interested in selling  The new one will be told only what is told will be told only the suits which are not shown, Chhotu went to Lala ji's shop and Lala ji said, if you show that one, only the suits lying inside will be shown to sister ji.  If you are not visible then how can that sister buy? You should understand that her time will also come and in her time now if you want to get some good things for resale which some person is selling out of compulsion then I am telling her.  If you don't want to sell then Basically there is no rate for resale because the man says that Amit Sangwan has said not to sell in Gurgaon real estate, now this thing should not be sold in resale but this man is still selling, so this man is helpless and the helplessness of a helpless man.  If advantage is taken, then they say that in distress sale, the rate will also be taken only if the rate is distressed, otherwise we will not take it, this is the problem, then the rate is not included in it, are you understanding because in that  The man should give you the same amount as you had taken, now he is saying that friend, I had taken it at eight, the builder is giving it at 11, so you take it at 10, take it at 105, take it at 9500 because he is saying.  Or not, if you give only at eight, then now in this buffalo game, the person who is trying to make them talk or is saying that it is okay, then it is not happening because only if it is resold in large volumes, then the rate will be higher.  There will be a decision, now if someone has got a unit in resale at Rs 8300, then the person who is expecting Rs 93 will say to the person who has Rs 83, brother, the unit is Rs 83, you are talking about Rs 93 with me.  So 83 now this 93 person has no means to check whether this person is telling the truth because now the greed of the people in the middle of the system is also increasing.  That frustrates the sellers and those doing resale, nothing is happening and those who want to buy are not getting any units because he is not allowing them to join because here there is a mood of eating fat and eating cream in between.  If you are not enjoying, then nothing is happening, when multiple resale will start happening, brother, in this society, 15 units have been sold in resale at this rate and that will be revealed to the market, then it will come to know that this is the rate, the question is that  Brothers and sisters, even 15 units are not being sold, they are not being sold in resale, so there is no rate, now if it is someone's compulsion, then they will say the same and many people are doing it, something happens in someone's house, someone's medical, someone's.  If anything else, then they say that buy it at that rate, now that unit is sold somewhere in the market out of compulsion, because you know compulsions also happen by hand, there are compulsions in life, so then the market is like this. If you invest in the stock market, you will come to know that some companies are illiquid.  There are stocks and there is not much trading of shares in them, so if someone buys them at a higher rate then that rate does not become that and if someone sells out of compulsion then that rate does not become a market and if someone does it like this  If there is, SEBI also orders investigation, this is also called rigging up, so real estate is also quite liquid. Real estate is not like your stocks, go anywhere you will see ads. On 99 acres, you will see 150 ads in a single project. Those one or two flats which are in resale belong to him, brother has written to all the brokers, he has put ads to everyone, so it seems that we don't know how much goods are in resale.  It is being sold because you are just counting that number of listings. That is the listing of the same flat. When you call, you will get the same. Call and check. Push the limit in any project. Someone has written four or five things. Three of them are enjoying.  They are not interested, they are genuinely trying to sell and those who are buyers and receive calls, no one knows who is there and all this raita that is spread, half of my fruit is spread to the people that my friend.  Otherwise, there is no way to check, you are sitting idle, call and check how much is it, how much is mine, because there is no stock exchange, brother, I had now bought shares, now I have opened a business and the ticker is coming down.  Oh, my family has this much share or is it going on money control in the mobile like this, oh my family has so much, if there is no way, then he calls and asks how much is done, how much is done, so much is done, okay, I am so much  I will sell and then he will find a buyer.  He gives it and then says no, I will not sell it now, he has said it, Amit Sangwan has said, if you do n't want to sell then no one has to sell it, so these are the times, what do you want to start, whom do you want to do good to, what second third fifth 10th  The order is effected, the one who is going to start it doesn't know, even I don't know what is happening, so I know what is happening, so I came and made this video that brother, if this is happening, then why don't you feel more sad in it.  of  There is no need to be too happy, there is no need to resell, when that whole story is completed, then in the video I promised, I will tell you how this happens, how long to hold it, how to do it, those who bought it and the full purchase money. Now you will jump in the market and say that you have been looted and big people are waiting like this. Hey, many people have taken it. Hey brother, everyone's brother-in-law, brother-in-law, brother-in-law, father-in-law, father, any relative. Many are close, their wives are sitting with FD, so please give them your share and tell them brother, come, there is no problem, there should be such fights and lack of trust in all the relatives, it does not happen even at 70-80, but the right thing is also done.  It has been done by people and when the paper work is correct then anyone can do it. I had also made a video on this. Real Estate Investment Trust which you can create within the circle of five different members of the family, that is, those who have little  It is close related that the two brothers are cousins ​​and their children. Why can't they buy property by doing this like this? Brother, you can buy property easily. The public is not sitting with two crores in cash or is sitting in the bank with a loan but is sitting with Rs 10,20,30 lakhs, a little loan one.  It is possible that construction is taking place in four years, otherwise the money will be lost, otherwise people can take it together on their 25 25 25 25. Four people in the name of women cannot comfortably take it, no, this and that.  What kind of mess will happen? You people have put names and then wherever one's brother belongs, he does the same. There are so many families in India that if we take it like this then there will be a better jump in real estate. This is all a phenomenon.  Hope I made a little long video, I was successful in telling you this thing and the last message is this, hold on to your assets, the party has just started, it has just started, people are feeling that no, it will not happen, to whom will this happen?  It seems  The one who did not buy, the one who is sitting after buying is saying, Son, why is going to the moon ending? It depends on which side you are and those who are sitting with it are in such cities where they are not growing, where parents are selling.  They are not giving where they can't do anything, they will just say so, now we have to increase the love slowly, we have to go beyond the limits, it is the same, now we have to increase the rates, we have to go beyond the limits, okay now those people  If you don't speak, you won't grow like this. Hey, infrastructure is bad, many people say to me many times, Hey infrastructure, look at this, friend, this infrastructure is bad, then this is the rate, what will happen if it gets fixed, then no one thought this because you think this rate is high and this is what you are facing.  Looks bad, ok, that's the problem, if it is so bad, then this rate should not be there, okay, because if the infrastructure is good, then why is the rate not within Greater Noida, 00 feet now, 2000  Rot because people have not come to spoil the infrastructure. Okay, so far it is not spreading. Okay, the house in which a person will have children or three or four children, the family is good and the spread house will look tight. Will that house look bright?  It will be fun, where only old people will live, only one or two old people live, that is the story of Greater Nad, that is neither sound nor any dirt will be seen, nor anything will be seen spread out nor toys will be seen spread out as an example.  But I am telling you that they will be reduced and the day the infrastructure here is also fixed, brothers and sisters, then where will you go? What are 10 to 12 very great things happening in Gurgaon? Right now, some people know about it and some do n't know about it.  Apart from this, I will also make a video and by the end of this year, changes will be visible in the infrastructure also because it is the election year not only for the Center but in May and June but also for the State Government in October and November.  If elections are taking place then this result is final, just like the final paper has to be checked, so the student i.e. the government in this case has to work hard, everyone does it around the exam, right, you also know and there will be a lot of focus Bhateri.  There are assembly seats here and which impacts all around and many people have invested their money so 10 months is a lot. Plans for upliftment are already in place. What are the plans? What is happening?  Beyond that, if you want a video, please write that too in the comment section and in the comment section you will find the Real Estate Info Webinar Group.