Hello friends, interesting topic sir, wife and property buying, normally I could have kept it on my big channel also, I am trying to keep it on real estate as main focus because this psychology affects the real estate, I will explain it very well if you are a man.  So you must share this with your wife, the situation is like a pickle that will emerge, she can get out of it, so let's start today in 2024 when this video is being made in August.  In the last two-three-four years, there has been a lot of run up in property, it has happened pan India, it has happened everywhere, now the property buyers are going to the market to buy property, so the pricing is what it is and it is already run up everywhere as per the space available.  It has happened that you all know, so the women do not know the exact idea, especially if they are housewives, they do not know the exact idea. It is true that if they live in a rented house.  Especially for the wives of government employees, this is more because they are not connected to land and they have to buy in big cities or in proper city centers and they live in small cities and there they have to buy a big house.  And they get a bigger area as per their entitlement, so the problem with this is that your husband's (I will not use the word) status sounds a bit bad, but your husband's budget, which is what he says, is in line with that. Whatever is coming in the budget, I am addressing it to all the women, you will not like it because it has run up, the cycle of real estate is eight to nine years, according to me, three to four years have passed in it. And it will accelerate for four more years and then there will be a stagnation of six to seven years, so madam in this cycle, if you want to take it, you will have to take a smaller one, may your husband prosper a lot, may you all become very rich and you don't know what to buy.  but the truth is that  If you don't buy now then you wo n't be able to buy even this small one because the kitchens that are coming these days are not giving happiness to that many women but they are not giving happiness by seeing the size which they see in the brochure or like this but here I am.  I would like to address them with my knowledge that the kitchen which used to be 7 feet long and the top and bottom remained empty for 3 feet, now due to modular kitchen, things are being made in that space, big pantries are being made and such things are being made.  that you are like this  If you touch, the thing comes down and with the advent of technology, even though the storage space of the kitchen is decreasing, its size will still be much more. I will still not say that if the kitchen was 140 square feet and now it is 70 square feet.  If it is coming then it is equal, no, not equal, but you can say that the kitchen storage which was 110 square feet, today we can extract it from 70 square feet, I am talking about the carpet area of ​​the kitchen, off course.  It will not beat 140. It used to be very big but now it will become smaller and smaller. Parallel slabs will not come. Most of them will remain L shaped. Why am I making this so that by showing this video you can make it clear to your wives that  Now this is what has to happen and it is very important to tell the women here that madam like you are going to the jewelery shop, the rate of gold is increasing a lot, so did you like the 10 tola set?  One was coming till here like this, her earrings were looking very nice and your heart was touched. Wear a nice Tanishka of Dharohar brand. I am not promoting it here. I am telling you as an example but if you don't have money, the making charges are out at Rs 33.  It is off budget and I have to buy something, the rate of gold is increasing today, I am not able to buy 10 tola, so madam, take 5 tola, this is the message, I don't like it today, so madam, no problem.  No, I don't like it today, it does n't matter, the asset class is increasing, the rates are getting expensive, see tomorrow when something will happen, why to leave a you, no problem, why to make good and the best enemy of better if you are not having.  Anything because I want to tell women one more thing that after crossing the age of 45-50, one also needs psychological security of the house, this does not make sense in mutual funds. Other cases also come to me, the wife doesn't know what to do, then suddenly anything can happen if the husband is gone, a house may be small, it may be non-sexy, it may not be that great, because even in a car, if you want a car.  So brother, you buy a car, is n't it okay? Everyone likes a big car, but if you are not buying a good one, then brother, it is better to travel in a scooter than to travel in a taxi every day. This is the message to explain.  This is psycho because what is happening right now husband No one can buy a property if his wife has no smile on her face and no sense of achievement. Now what should the husband do if his budget is one CR from lets and that wow thing is coming in two CR somewhere in North India.  It has become more in the market, but even in markets like Pune, Bangalore or any other market, Mumbai or anywhere else in India, the purchasing power has not increased that much, the price of property has increased in the last three years, so much noise.  The shot is that the average salaries have not increased that much. What is the average? Peak salaries have also not increased. How much do the salaries increase? 5 6 7 But if you have done very well then 10 11 12 But you have put an arrow in the pumpkin very much. If you are very great then brother 12 13  At 14 and that too will increase by one year, no one increases by this much every year, okay the average comes only at 7, 8, 10, the property has increased much more than that and the sizes are less. Even after reducing the sizes, prices are still high, so all the husbands have to be told that this is a challenge, this is a challenge, and sometimes, I will tell you one more good thing in this, I will give another perspective of many women that today you are looking for storage.  You are sitting with space and space and with that you are thinking that I will make a new booking, it is small and what can be better than this, then I have to give you a feeling madam that your child who is in 11th and 12th will go out after college.  By the time the position comes in a year and the younger child will go to college somewhere, both the children will move out of the house, their books have also gone out, their everything has gone out, now it is not known when they will come back again because it is possible that they may get a job from there or get married.  Even if they go to America, Canada, US, Australia, even if they don't go there, if you were living in My children, son and daughter-in-law will always be there.  The son-in-law and he will also come like this, don't plan that much now, don't know anything further, take whatever is happening now because this thing which I just told is happening in many families, especially where the woman is 40.  Her ears are touching and the child is in her eighth-ninth bed and has to come out. As long as you have a position, you take the things according to what you are getting. Moving forward, relatives will move in and out of the house.  There are a lot of festivals, all this will become less and less, and you are taking your flat for yourself, you are taking your property for yourself, not for relatives, if that happens many times then what will happen, relatives will think that this is so.  It was taken too small, because of this, we don't take it, then it is taken 25 kilometers away, 30 kilometers, 50 kilometers away from the city center, I don't know, it is a very good thing, in the middle judge, it feels good, we need a big one, but once you  Hit Old Age Which Everybody Will Hit Then You Want To Be In City Center Close To Hospitals Close To Infrastructure Close To Every Amenity You Don't Want To Be Hanging Around At Corner Because Children Will Be Coming To You May Be For Children  So, near the airport, near the railway station, near the city center, it will make a lot of sense, so today please tell me the formula for my husband's budget also.  I am telling all the ladies to come to know that madam, if your husband and you have given some money by selling the property or your father or the boy's father, the chance is next to zero, or if you are getting inheritance from somewhere, if it is not so.  Have to buy property on your own and I agree, if you have savings etc. then have a big budget. Your husband's CTC is 5 to 6 years. This is the limit. If your husband's CTC is Rs. Lakhs in lets, who knows?  That there will be variable in it, tax will also be deducted in it, there will be 50 points in hand, but still to make the formula easier, I am telling you, if your husband's CTC is 30 lakhs, madam, then do not go above 1.5 crores, if more.  There are a lot of jobs left. There are a lot of jobs left. It is 20 25 30 years. If you are still 30 years old then it is okay. If you go for 6 years then the upper limit is 6 more years.  Lower limit is 5 so it should be of 5 to 6 years. If you are taking it at 44 43 45 then I assume your down payment power will be more. Maybe your savings may be mutual fund or FD. If it is FD then it is 5 years and if you are taking it at your age.  If you have been there for probably 6 years then if you are sitting with a package of 40 lakhs then brother if you do it six times then you will keep 2 crore 40 lakhs less then five I have done this rough math in big cities of India.  According to this, some cities have outpriced these rates in a very terrible manner. This is also a fact, but the rough mathematics has told you that if someone is giving your rental above Rs. 3, then you should hurry up. You should see in the coming time, in the next six to 10 to 12 months, the rents have gone up a lot in the last 2 years. Pan India, my prediction is that the rents will go up a lot in the next one and a half to 2 years, this is your standard.  This minimum will not increase from 89. According to me, rents will increase from 15 to 18. In every city, the supply is very limited in big cities. If Loches were next to zero in 20220, 21, 22, then as a result there is nothing going to come. Ready to move.  In 2025 26 27 there is going to be a mismatch of fresh supply in the market and  If you take this time first, it will be of great benefit. You will also get the benefit of ready to move in. I explain these things in great detail and well in my webinars. If you will see a real estate webinar info group opportunity in the comment section, please If you are not already on any of my groups then join them and if you want to take membership of the channel then you can do so by pressing the join button, many things have been explained and explained very well in it.  Have gone to Rump course, want to join my real estate mentor program where I take people to the consultant level so that you can start earning money from real estate, there are 25 types and 50 types of methods and you can do consultation, all the knowledgeable people can become expert.  If you want to know then if you want to join then you will find it in the recordings. You have done some recordings, there are some live classes, there is a class on Saturday at 7 pm, so feel free to get to know me.  There is a lot more need to learn because no one teaches real estate in the market, no one explains it, no college, no university, no education system, so like an insider, I will explain everything in detail and you will enjoy it a lot and you  Say it in your city or in your city, but definitely you will become the most intelligent go to person among your relatives, that too by joining the Rump course RE MP i.e. Real Estate Mentoring Program and if you join that course then you will be able to do so with your wife also.  You can join one, you can also join two, both are the same thing, my wife, it is the same thing, so you can join both of them together, thank you very much.