Hello friends, I had to make this very important topic because actually there is a great need for four projects in Gurgaon. I am going to take the name in which I need sellers because I have so many buyers and brother, I have to match them too, so if I want to do business then it is okay because one  If that is the case, then you can be a seller for any reason. I am not trying to convince you here, I am just saying that if you need to then sell, although my opinion is always to sell in a bull run.  No, if you don't know what to buy further but still you want to sell then why should I question your personal requirement then I have requirement from many sellers there are many buyers so I need seller Shapur ji Sector 102 Gurgaon I want a seller in Godrej Meridian, Sector 106. I want a seller in Shobha, I want a seller in End Lawn, Sector 108.  What is the ball pak rate in 106? What is the ball pak rate i.e. what is the guess rate? It can be more or less depending on which flat it is and the variation in price can easily be from 7 to 8 but you understand how much it is.  Is it 000 foot base price at 7 per can be more than 000 000 plus minus it will make so much difference ok it is not towards less the base price I am telling is like bare minimum price than that  It can be increased if the unit is good, then in Shahpur ji, if you have to sell around Rs. 000, the deal can be done even for Rs. 14750, it can also be done for Rs. 145, but in less than Rs. 14, there is no benefit in selling now, we will try till this much to convince the buyer.  You have to understand that there will be a deal in 15 also in which you are seeing only flat, no view is looking very good or sunlight is not coming or the floor is above, depending on whose choice is not there.  Or if there is variation, there will be so much variation, then you will also accept that a thing worth Rs. 00 can also be worth Rs. 1057, if there is something better in it, then this is from Shahpur ji Shobha, considering the thick rate value, a thing can be bought even for Rs. 00 feet and a half.  It can happen in 20 also, it can happen in 21 and it can also happen in 21, so it is a matter of chance, so what happens at 5, 00 feet, 000 feet, then 20.  It can also be 21 and hit the limit on the lower side. 19 750 19500. Now it depends on which plan you have taken and whether you are ready to move in. This variation will also happen on the payment plan, so that variation will be plus or minus 000 feet.  So you just accept whatever rate is being quoted, what is the payment plan, what is the unit, how much money has been spent, is it ready to move or not? You can understand that everything will be done in ready to move in, if there is registration then the rate will increase. Okay, so you understood the rate. The third Godrej Meridian is also a matter of opportunity. You see the unit of 185 square feet there.  But people say something like 3 crore plus and 3 10 3 15, now it is a matter of opportunity, it has to be calculated according to square feet, you calculate it, I think it will be something around 163.  There is also talk in case 17, some also say 1730 but if some are going towards 163, then you can see in that and then the fourth comes the announcement, I will not say the price too much because 18000.  Yes, it is 18000, it is there, it is on the spot, it is 19, it is 1830, it is 19, it is 1930, it is 20, maybe it is not there because the payment.  If everyone's plans were in order, then if there is a problem in between, then keep that much understanding. Ball Pak figure. How many checks have you made? Do not add anything on the rate that I am telling you. GST, EDC, IDC. This rate is in super area rate, so if Shapur  Yes, it has to be done with 18552 square feet. If you have 3 BH, then Shobha is the one, 20 is 43, is it 2343 or is it the bigger one, now d1.  d2 and z12 are of Vista, whatever your square feet is, you know it is 3000, 2950 is around 2500, then it is okay to multiply it by that, do not create confusion in it and it is okay, so these are all the sellers, name your project.  The seller will tell me the procedure for selling your item, it is very demanding, it will take time, what happens to the buyers also, like if the sellers exceed the number then the buyers will be affected.  There are tantrums, this is also a fact, but right now there is no seller, there are more sellers who are only asking the rate, you said the rate is 165, no, I will sell it for 17, 17 said, I will sell for 18, it is 18.  If I sell it in 19, then this kind of system is going on, when you go to buy it, I have named these projects in resale and I will also tell you some more things. Now people, what are they, right?  Negative, they do something, they say that in Signature 37D, in Godrej Aristo Crate, in Godrej Janit Nila, and here, there, Neel Bate Sannata, even after digging, something did not stand up, where can I get premium from there, then premium is not available.  So oh, the market is down, the market too, should any kheer or halwa reach such a stage where value can be seen in it or you have not bought carrots yet and you have booked the halwa, okay look at me.  Tell me with an example, I am the number one seeker of clarity. Milk has not arrived, I have not taken khoya, I don't know about cashew nuts and almonds. So brother, take it from one place. You are seeing halwa, it has not landed yet, you are seeing it in Godrej's return.  You are seeing it in Shobha, you are seeing it in Shaper Ji, and you are seeing it in Even Elan, the amazing construction quality of Layton Group and all that stuff has come to some level and  That's a different one, okay, so you will get something here so soon, how come you are two years old, whatever are the names of these projects, Shobha Shapar ji and Godrej Meridian, these are minimum five year old projects, minimum five six, phases have been coming in them now.  They are being made and are being made on different stages but it is five years old and the announcement also means you can imagine that it has been almost two years since the stories were announced, whenever the pit was dug, the stories were heard, it was sold, it had come.  The market was active for almost two years. It takes so much time for something to happen in resale. If you are thinking in seven months or eight months, then you are wasting your time. This is so much without patience in real estate. Saturn is not required, Saturn is also the factor of construction, Saturn is there, no, patience, no, you will get the money, brother, I am not getting the money, now it is being sold like this, so many people want to buy, so many people, so many people, so many people, they are not that many people. those are four people  And they have written numbers to 40000 dealers and it seems that the whole world wants to sell this project. I told the name, Godrej Aristo Cat, it will do well because it is a ripe place, not much goods are coming there and when that  A little shape will be ready, they have created stories like rivers, rivers, all of them will be seen coming, then the rates will increase brother, then after that is your zenith, there will be a premium kick in it gradually. This will happen when the utility corridor of 150 meters will be visible there, which you will see in 2 years. Then these stories of cyber hub 2 will come, stories of global city will come. Do n't you have patience, get the premium in 6 months, get it in 6 months and also get it. I am not saying that you are not getting 5 lakh 7 lakh 10 lakh, but 5 7 lakh 10 lakh is living in the mouth of a camel, isn't it Gurgaon real estate?  In the real estate market, only a broker will take that deal for Rs. 2 lakhs, he will take it on top of the deal, if you are getting even three and a half rupees, then if you enjoy it then what happens to you, then sit peacefully, all the people, you  [ __ ], [ __ ], They sell it like this, take this, take this, the new one, the sexy new one, no one talks about the old one, no one asks about the old one, the old ones are very old societies, people are ahead of them, this is useless.  It is useless, don't take it because brother, if you have taken that one, then who will take the new one? You are understanding brother, which is our work, which is not to be taken, I saw a user made something and in the comment section someone wrote, " Why is someone ruining our society?"  The dogs have come, now the dogs will come somewhere, if something comes somewhere, then if you keep selling the property, that is, whatever is coming, there is something or the other in these, there is no such society in Gurgaon which is coming under construction, which has not come.  now or  Which has arrived in which we cannot remove 50 holes in it and after hearing about such holes, why should it happen? Brother, I have also bought such a society which has holes in it and tell me now tell me what will you do, will you go to Dubai and buy it? Take the video of Dubai, you want, you should take it, you should not take it, the story of Dubai will be over, the story of Sharja will start and it is going on differently, if the rents have increased so much in Erates wala, then the public is going to Sharja, do Sharja. Even in peak traffic, it takes 70 minutes to go from Sharja to Dubai. In the peak traffic, if Dubai is Delhi then Sharja will become Gurgaon and now money is going there, people will say, oh man, Dubai was becoming Dubai, now Sharja will be seen becoming Sharja, then all this will happen.  Will keep telling stories, you will not get citizenship there, you know how our environment is at times inside the country, so go there and understand that any thing will be right at any time, the position of the tower is coming.  And brother who has not got the registration done, the one who wants to sell is the best time because as soon as he gets the registration done, he will transfer the cost of the registration to you. You still have to get the registration done, if you agree, listen carefully, if the flat is worth 3 crores.  If he has not got the registration done then if you buy him then you will pay the registration amount of Rs. 3 crores. According to 7 rupees, 21 lakhs is fine and if he has got the registration done then it will be Rs. 31 lakhs for him.  Now he has increased the rate for you, now he will not give it to you in three rupees, so his decision making is being done at the time of getting it registered, so he is ready to leave 5-7 lakhs, as soon as he gets the registration done, he will do it peacefully. Maybe he will sit and get the wood work done and give it on rent. The seller does not panic about the thing which is on rent and then that thing has to be sold at an expensive price. Same thing is happening in the market when the person is going to buy it for resale. He is getting only substandard units because he was an original long term investor. I explain things very clearly. This is a very high level thing which I am going to tell through very paid content. Every investor likes this thing.  They are long term traders, they jump in at the beginning, they don't look at rate and weight, they say that they consider it to be timeless property, it is something that is not going to come again, they never want to sell, they want to keep the family.  This is to give to our next generation and those who come later gradually, they will get the discount, they will get it, so those who come in that cycle, they do not provide such good units but they sell more in the market.  And then the wife doesn't like it because when you are taking it for resale, the wife will come, there is no sunlight in the kitchen, this one looks small, this one looks big, there are 1.5 crore tantrums, so things are not possible in it. Now many of the  What happens is when the seller comes and the seller is unable to sell then it is said that real estate is down. Real estate is not down. The customer also has a choice. Then today we are looking for sellers within these four because they have very good products.  I am not a seller but I am looking for a seller among these four. If you are a seller then please connect. Then the price point will be told to you. One thing will be told to you and then that will be to know the rate. If you are asking then I will tell you the ball pak rate.  given for him You do not need to waste that time separately, I will tell you the same, it is okay for you guys, so this was it within these four projects, please do it quickly, there is a lot of demand within the night, there is a lot of demand now and later.  People who live here will come from Chavadi Bazaar. Yes, Garg Saheb will come. Brother, I need a bus, I have to do the registration now, it has to be done now, that is, payment can be made in the day also, if it is possible, or the athletic people want.  Should I make it or sell it at this time, there are many people who are ready to sell now, brother, this is the right time, my advice to you is, do n't sell out of spite, if you want to sell then tell me, because what is there, don't give any advice behind it.  Motive comes, don't look for motive, even in breathing, if someone is taking advantage of you, why are you looking for motive for that person, because to deny him, you will stop breathing, if you have stopped, now you will not be benefited.  Ok So how does breathing benefit someone? Write in the comment section. You breathe and I benefit. So have I made a connection? You have to understand that it is okay. There are people. Ask Adani Emani. They give you everything. They give you everything. You are sick.  If you are there then you will go to Maidan Ka, Gurgaon, Narayan Hilay, their shares are also listed, people will also become rich by buying them, so you will travel inside IndiGo. People will become rich even by buying tickets, so you don't have to worry about other people gaining because smart guy will always make money, you have to become smart, okay and learn these new things, so please write in the comment section how many sellers you are. I am a seller and not from the comment section, then you can buy this thing on whatsapp2 hajj foot for Rs 40000, it is not happening right now but the question is It is that brother, you are not getting good things and the things are getting expensive and are becoming so expensive that you will not get a salary, your salary will not increase. Brother, if the rate of any property increases even by ₹ lakh, then the price of that property will increase.  To buy Rs 10 lakh extra, you will have to earn Rs 15 lakh, because Rs 5 lakh will go in tax, Nirmala ji's tax will be deducted and the rest will be deducted in Gabbar Singh's tax, whose GST is also paid. They will have to earn more, they will have to earn Rs. 18 lakhs to give Rs. 10 lakhs, to give Rs. 10 lakhs extra to you, if you earn Rs. 18 lakhs and the Rs. Even if you have to eat, sometimes you have to earn ₹ lakhs to actually take out ₹ lakhs extra and understand now how much is your package, which is worth even 25 lakhs.  The package is that you will have to work extra for one year because you have not taken the decision, just look at the price increase, I have linked 10 lakhs to the package of 25 lakhs and why will I pay tax on earning 25 lakhs from one year, after that I will eat something only then my  There will be 10 lakh savings, you are thinking that you can grab it now, later a working person will not be able to take it in Gurgaon, only businessman and inheritance person will be able to take it whether he has got some money from somewhere or by selling something.  If you have got this opportunity, then you have mentioned four projects. The risk reward ratio in all four is very favorable. In fact, there is no risk only because almost two or three have already been made. Two or three are to be made in one announcement and the rest have already been made. You know what it is so don't miss out this opportunity this Navratri please if you are a seller connect quickly thank you very much