Hello friends, we will do some deep analysis in the studio, buy and invest in property in tourist places, it is a very important topic, many people have a question on real estate investment, so we will break it down, we will break down the tourist place only, which tourist place is a tourist place.  The general people who think about the mountains, think that brother has gone to visit Nainital, Mussoorie, Shimla, to do something of his own, he is staying between builder villas here and there, he is saying brother.  Sir, you take this and when you people come, it will remain like this for you and then you put it on the prison, there are some stories like this, their rates are 45 lakh, 80 lakh, 90 lakh dead crores, some say, take a plot, people say  I should make something of my own. People's big mother is saying that near one stage, many people are losing money and are not able to manage it. Many people don't have that much in actual but they think it's because of this.  The story is that nothing is bought from them, it is bought for 40-50 ₹ 8 lakhs at times, nothing is available in a big city, so these are the fantasies that I will use such money and put it to use, so the discussion is on which tourist place.  You can take it, I will also tell you which one you should not take, I will also tell you the reasoning, first of all, whenever you invest in a tourist place, first of all, remove one thing from your mind, I will soak it.  Go and remove that, go and stay in five star semester, no debt, bill, be more productive, if you take one side of the story of Bhimtal in Nainital, Mussoorie, then will you go there every year, wo n't you get bored on the same route, same mountains, same same bus, everything is complete Travel at different times, if you have so much time, because when you go there, then who will open its lock, who will open the lock, then asked the broom, will you check or not, we will keep Chotu, then Chotu.  If you keep it then Chotu, who will be the resident of the same place? Yes, if you search for someone from the same place, then he will have the key. Yes, if he has it, then brother, he will give you the chadha according to the hour. Then what will you do from behind and there will be dust.  So, have you thought that it can't be like this, no, we are very good, very good, there is no one in India, who is very good in our country, who will not even open it, will not miss you, will not do anything.  wo n't give it to anyone How will you maintain it? I will install CCTV cameras there. Okay, then I will sit there and watch. B. Practical about it. Be the bill to the boat. It is the D message. You have paid that money. You will have to keep it handy. Your fixed cost is very high for owning the property.  There is property tax, you have to pay for electricity meter, you have to pay for water meter, it is a fixed cost, you have to pay Chhotu's money, if you have spent so much then you should have gone to Gangtok once.  We would have gone to Darjeeling, we would have vomited once, we would have gone, there is no dearth of mountains in India, no dearth of beaches, no dearth of deserts, there is no dearth of anything else in our country, the story is as per your wish, but it is not practical if you like it this way.  There are six ways to do it because it is a discovered place so don't buy it as a tourist place and one thought has come to the people that people are saying it is big even inside Goa and that is if you live there yourself, Shukla ji.  Malhotra ji Gupta ji Aggarwal hits out that yes, salute to you, your title is fine and your money will be withdrawn, you have made a site wide on airbnb type, you think that sitting in Delhi, you have also taken urban, you have taken it in Goa, you have taken the story which is well discovered.  It is a tourist place. Hey, today you have to understand that when a tourist is going out, he is an Indian tourist because there is a lot of flood, even an average Indian is going and getting the experience. They cannot give you that experience.  And then those ridiculous people are coming there and then they are not less and they are coming to do something there, if there is good food there, good omens, all those things cannot be given to you as much as you can give within the setup of AirBnB, which a good hotel can give you.  You want a welcome drink, everything is good for you, it is all this, it is not that good, your case is there, that tourist will be of his level, that tourist is also dangerous for him, if your level is there, you understand what I am talking about.  Am IT IS NOTE THIS IS BETTER THAN THIS, STILL IF YOU WANT TO DO IT, THEN I WILL TELL YOU THE THINGS THAT WILL BE MORE SUCCESSFUL, I AM ALSO TELLING YOU WHO IS THE RELIGIOUS TOURISM BILL STYLE IN Puri PLACE AS PER ME AND INVEST HERE, YOU HAVE NO STAY SYSTEM HERE YOU ARE IN VARANASI.  I am in Ayodhya, you are in Vrindavan, I will keep Varanasi and this one will be my Ayodhya ji. Okay, so this is the top place and here you make something which is more than 500.  1000 rupees should be the type of life with a camera, it is not necessary to make it like this, you have to withdraw money from the volume here because they have reached the big parties by building big hotels, Dharamshala, you can make a shortcut thing which is called something like Dharamshala.  You can make it where the money is in the rooms and the bathroom is attack type, you have invested, taken a plot of land, that thing is successful, this second one which you are saying is an imaginary casserole of making one's own living in the mountains and all this.  sustainable  It is not available in Varanasi also, when you go to Ayodhya ji, you may like to stay in a very nice hotel for three days, but you have a good hotel running there and you have kept your proper employees and a manager according to the accountability. From there, no less than Chhotu is running, four-five-six-seven people are employed, a business model is maintained and you go regularly once in 3-4 months and check it in the city.  After staying there, Sir comes to understand that this thing will definitely be successful and people are doing it and are also getting success. Here the rates of course are flooded but still you will get the thing to do this kind of system. But this is a well discovered old tourist place, don't go here at all, there are a lot of legal issues, like land session in Goa, some Portuguese doctor has just started there, there are huge land issues, you should definitely not get trapped in Goa or it. This note is possible without living in a tourist place yourself. What they say to their subscribers to do in Goa, they should see their example is wrong because they live there, you people do not live and cannot travel on auto, money will be saved, nothing will happen, man every  A man thinks that a man drives a taxi and he gets the desire to drive a taxi and he gets money back, lakhs of rupees from the net, work is late, after driving a taxi he thinks, I will get another taxi, call my brother.  He is late from the village, okay brother, now he goes on another taxi, he has to give money to his brother also and he is left with ₹ 30,000. Now he gave ₹ 30,000 to his brother, so it is not 70, but he is left with lakhs of work, he is giving 30 to his brother.  If I am, then by not playing ₹70, now he is left with ₹50000. Now 20 is gone, I don't know whether the brother is stealing, whether the brother is spending in petrol or the brother is not spending at all. Is it because of him that we are not? But you will put it, then call your uncle's child, he is late, then call the villager, he is late, call the other one, he is late, then he comes to zero, there is no saving, brother, here the challan has been deducted, brother, the tire is flat, brother.  Yes, this engine oil has been drained, this is done, no money is saved, be it any person, think that I am the tax payer, people do a lot of extra poultry, drive their own car, earn lakhs of rupees, they think that I have come up with a design and this I am practical, thousands and lakhs.  I have talked to the taxi drivers, I give consultation, it is the country, the date of the note, brother, if you have earned one lakh rupees in one tax, then if you have taken out 10 taxes, then you have earned 10 lakhs in this note, earning the bill is like 3 lakhs.  Only when you are sitting and driving yourself and rarely doing this, then the earning is different and on remote, not on auto, date it is big message, don't give fruit but true lucrative sounding things when  You get in the practical of dam it it is not working legality's words are there, there are sanctions, who gave the permission from the government, what de moment used, get involved government, everything becomes commercial tax, GST torn, just like that, it is okay not to save anything, not to save ₹1. Because then which one did he take? Then tell the big ones from here to fill the returns and then to keep all those accounts, Chartered Accountants are the accountants.  His money then its money brother, when you do n't have even Rs. 24 to spare then why are you doing this, you will get the car only on normal residential, then don't use this money for investment, do something else on the story or run yours from a different level.  Like I said in desi style, ok that can work and taste of d consumer is also changing and going in d future it will change but if you start  Something in Ayodhya and Varanasi like I said which is bottom of the pyramid which is D Dharamshala think so that date bill cup doing well because brother in the day before yesterday hoon is coming has just you sleep dear is not looking at experience usko night sona hai kuch  Even if he gets some food there, he feels like an outsider, he has come with a religious mindset to have his darshan, he will stay for a day or two and then leave, he will spend time there only. Tourism and luxury is the debt think bill note that Musdi Lal's will not work, then you are opening your own hotel and are so rich and are going to invest Rs 100 crores, then that is not the video for that. Yes, on video, D normal public is fine.  I was thinking of putting my normal Rs. 50, 70, 80, 100,000 in a tourist place, so don't put this D message. I hope you guys find the message ok, please Sher.  IT'S WITH YOUR FRIENDS Because many people argue on this, they say that I did it there, I did it in Goa, Goa is the one favorite place of justice, I didn't do it, is there relief there or did he manage Goa while living from Bengaluru and Delhi? Took a lot of money and it is working, check this thing once, if it is like rest of the rare, how this person must have a lot of experience in Goa, he must know every inch of Goa.  You must know the locals, its network must be very strong, you do n't have that, you don't know anyone in Goa, people do n't know the names of the streets and localities of Goa, you have control according to that, by the way, you will get 99% of all air traffic and this is already crowded space. After that, there is no relief for him, there is no relief for the one with first more advantage, who had earlier taken that amount of Rs 30 lakh and now it is worth Rs 90 lakh dead crore. He has gone, he is sitting in profit for him, then he has to reduce the rent and offer it to Wickham but it was private but fresh purchase fresh this business model is not working it is de message hope you bill share it with everybody please like share subscribe thank you