Hello friends, there was a lot of demand for this topic in my comment section. Normally, I do not want to make such videos specifically and you must have seen that I have not made any specific videos till date but I have to make them. You invest in I will make a long video, I will do higher order thinking, you people will understand, whoever invests in Daily NCR, this will be a very good video for the investors and you will complete it well.  Have to listen, reliance 1 has a different story, it is less, it is resale and there is always more difference in it, then the question comes that if it has increased then it will keep increasing, should it have been taken a year ago, then my answer is that you should not have taken it even a year ago. Short answer because now I will explain it further but the rates have increased. What is the biggest problem in India? Ours is not only investment in other sphere of life, also I have many other channels.  I hope you have read all the Sango Life Satra Clarity for Youth Guruji from Gurugram and this Sango is of real estate and one of astrology, I cover them separately but here I will tell you that decision making is based on the results. Decision making is judged. Decision making is not judged as a process in isolation. That's why we get killed in investments. Decisions get killed in relationships.  I get beaten because the decision was worked out correctly, that is, it was a good decision, that is, if you invested money somewhere and the money came or for some reason, the result came out right, then the decision was good. I will take an extreme example of this and tell you. I will try to explain reliance1, not real estate, but in other wise also, I am the number one clarity giver and because I am number one, that is why I am speaking, there is no one else around, I am not speaking out of arrogance, so I am explaining on the same basis.  Listen carefully, one thing happens after playing Russian Roulette. One thing is right in English, that is to see and you must have seen it in the pictures, one was Anil Kapoor 's picture and in the other pictures you must have seen, one was Anil Kapoor's Jaazab picture, there was that bullet in it.  Yes, it is a pistol and it has six holes and one is put in one and it is rotated and after that everyone keeps it on their belt, like this, if it is ok then your chance of dying is 16.66% 1/6 ok, two.  There are people and suppose there are stakes on it, 10 crores 100 crores from lets, if you earn money in this way, suppose you did not die, another person died and you earned it, now no one knows how this money was earned, who knows how?  Except you, every person will say, 'Dude, whatever you did must have been right but you have to see whether it is worth it. Risk reward ratio is not included in the decision making, so people take such decisions.  Will you die? Otherwise, 10-100 crores have come. Let's take it. Life is like this. There will be a doctor couple who did medicine for 40 years and gradually opened a nursing home and then they ran it and reached 50 crores in 30 years.  By exerting his life, he reached Bhai Saheb by doing such a scandal, within five months now both are neighbors, both have the same car, one is a slightly older couple, they are 55 years old and this new one.  If you are 25 years old, then who is living a better life? Practically, it is a good life, which one would you like to live, then according to that, the answer to 'Reliable Mate' is no. How is it that it is happening in a speculative manner that some factories will come up here?  It looks sleek but brother, if you live here then only blue collar workers will come here, TCS employees will not come to your Greater Noida or that side Yamuna Expressway or that O.G.  The factory has come, the factory has come, the phone factory has 25000 workers, those 25000 workers, TCS opens somewhere in Gurgaon, 3000 2000 employees come, those 2000 employees take the real estate up, they cannot take 25000, buying power purchasing.  Power and End Use He did not build any house or cottage.  Like what is being sold in jewelry, the same work is done here by Lay Mate. You see, let's calculate. You have taken the rate of Rs. 75,80,000 and still the rate of the plot is Rs. 75,000. Now you know the construction cost based on the rate of the plot. Today, you can calculate everything from it.  You will come out with the calculation of one floor that one floor will be built for this much and now the number of floors will also remain. You know, three floors are already being built for four floors, so if I rent it.  I will enter how much rent will be given to the person working there, then you will see that the rental would be like 2 per 2 a half per cent is not a good investment, the minimum should be 4 taka in the current market, in many markets even five taka.  The kind of gentry that will be there in India because all the investors have taken it over, no one has ever taken it for ad use, never ever bought it anywhere in this. In investment, anything, especially real estate, where there are more than 50-60 investors or I know investors, is very important, but as much as the investor is important, the end user is also important. Initially there may be 100 units at some place. Wherever in any project, 50-60 investors come but if 40 or 50 end users are not coming then it becomes Greater Noda, everyone is taking it there because of your budget.  Now it is coming in Gurgaon, let us assume that plots are priced at ₹ lakh per yard.  At lakhs of yards somewhere, you think, let's buy it here, it is cheaper, why are you buying it because you are able to afford it, only that is not a good reason, because this is actually all done in Jhajjar, instead of this, some one  There are half more projects, again, I would not like to make him famous by name, I would not like to do that thing, I would also like to change the gender, I would not like to do it, but he lives near it on Dwarka Expressway.  There is a project there about 12 kilometers and this 12 kilometers is a hell lot of difference. One thing is at a distance of four kilometers from your SGT University at a distance of 5-10 minutes and that thing was also available a few days ago for 335000 yards.  Now she is getting it for 55, in my opinion, as far as I know, she is getting it for 55 51 52, put 52, they say 55, you will get it for 52.  52 Pay is better than Reliant Met, that is my opinion because Reliant Met is mostly about blue collar only, because what is there ultimately is that the whole crowd will come there only those people who are at executive level or slightly higher level, they are up.  You will not down, brother, this same story has been played out in your Daru Heda, the same story has been played out in your Bhiwadi.  There is a cap where there are blue collar workers, you cannot break that cap because they become gentry like that so may be he was on 20 22 hj so it made sense 30 35 pay may be for some buddy but avoid that  It could have been done for sure, now you get it just because, so what is the exchange of premium in that color which is opposite to my hair, if it is in that color then people  People adjust, maybe it will be an investment, my whereabouts are gone, it is never an investment, buying a thing worth ₹ 1 for ₹ 50 and thinking that my ₹ 50 is gone, this is foolishness, that 50 could have been thrown from a helicopter, it would be of no benefit to the poor. Your personnel account would have become better. You thought it was okay, it is the foam of cold coffee, you have to make fish from it, it is not actually milk. Took this much milk, put some coffee in it and swirled it, if it becomes this much then has it increased, that is foam, brother, this much foam is there, you should know that, okay, so it is the same thing, so what should one invest? Clear cut answer at this price is  A big no and what should you do if you are sitting with it? Brother, look, you will find someone, you don't watch all my videos, you don't listen to all my words, if you find someone then see, alternative cost opportunity is very. Important, you have to understand one more thing, many people will say, friend, if you look at Australian real estate, Australia is not even a country of 2.5 crores, it has less population than Delhi NCR, it is three and a half times bigger in size than India, only in big cities they are at their 90s.  Population lives in Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, Canberra, which are the top five or six cities where their cricket matches are also held, then if everyone knows the radius, then everyone knows the formula of the circle. sk, so if I double r, it's okay, then my area will become four times, it is a simple thing, just double it four times, so if a city is spread for 10 kilometers, then only 10 more kilometers have to be expanded and it should be expanded four times.  It is okay to do this, if within a radius of 10 kilometers from a centre, if the infrastructure is good then what difference does it make if it is within 10 kilometers radius from a centre, if it is only a little difference then it will increase by four times.  But why do n't people want to go to real estate there, even 10 kilometers extra, that is the thing, they don't enjoy that place where everything is there and the same thing. When I studied New Zealand real estate, it is okay to invest there also, those who have to do it.  Let's get all the work done, it's okay if you want to do it in New Zealand too then you have the same thing in New Zealand too. New Zealand's population is 70-80 lakhs, equal to the population of Najafgarh and your Rohini alone. What is your name, New Zealand, the whole of New Zealand, but you will go there, they also have the same two or four Christ Church, Harare, and what is their name, Wellington and three or four of their cities, and they are not ready to go out even a little, outside they feel like a jungle and  Animal means such a feeling, no one is ready to go, so where people are ready to go, the rates are high, so even here in India, those of us who are 10, 20, 30 years old are a little different in thinking, now the youngsters are not going to leave.  It has to be a happening place, I will make a separate conceptual video on this too, if you want this luxury when real estate had become very expensive, right in the early 90s, they call it tube there, it is called metro, go 100-150 km away, one and a half hour.  Travel in India, live in big places, now what trend is being followed there because what is all that, US, all the people follow US only, meaning markets trend and thinking wise. What is the latest trend that will come in India in the next 5 years, 10 years, which we will catch up, then they want to know who buys when and where in the life cycle, let me explain it to you very lovingly, it is a conceptual video. Take them in the conceptual way only, however, if you make the ri5 rate less now then it will be less, I never want this because I am not that here, I am not a moral science teacher, I am not a leader here, I am here.  I am not one to do any good to the public, this poor public, am I not a messiah, I am my co-rate vet, I am a normal consultant who gives knowledge for money, like a doctor, I am not one to give free injections there, I am like a private hospital.  Doctor is great, that's my thinking, okay, so I didn't want to make this here at all and it is possible that I may remove this video after one level, why should I harm the people who are associated with me, brother, direct you.  They were asking whether I have made it for you otherwise I can't call each one and tell. I am fine, I have been coming for many days and have been coming for many days, brother, please tell me. Brother, please tell me. Whoever has taken it can see how to get it out sometime.  If you are thinking of taking something then don't take it at all because your risk reward ratio is not in favor, the rate will go from Rs 70 to lakhs, it will not go beyond that, I am not talking about the process, just because you have a share.  Bought it and it increased a dozen means, your decision was right, assume that there are issues somewhere regarding corporate government governance, assume that you are feeling that the market is ahead of the goods, it is possible that some sanction may be imposed by the government, like that on a chemical industry.  There is a risk in me or in someone else, there is an overhang because if the government announces anything, then things make a difference. When you, an edge analyst, study such a company and you get red flags.  And do you think that this can be avoided because there are 100 more places to invest in, it is better to buy affordable housing of your own anywhere, buy it for resale even if it will do better, it is a noisy shot, it is made of money and rent.  It will come and in the main that is an eco system, an eco system is needed, now it means that only the laborers have to live there brother, only the laborers have to live there and they too will not stay, they will also move up and down from somewhere, I will tell you this. I am looking very nice, I am not refusing to go there, it is a company, it is a road and road, everything is looking good, but if it is just a good place then go to Bhiwadi, you will like it, you will like Daru Heda too.  Neemrana will also cost the same, now the rates are according to inflation or do they increase. Tulip mania also happened in Holland and tulips were sold very expensive in the 17th century and that happens but what is the process?  Process wise is fine, process wise is not good then whether you want to invest in share market or in real estate, first of all you have to ask who will buy this share after two years and a year, who will come into this property and who will stay there just because something rises.  Is it being done or is it fancy or is it being told that the dozen make a difference scheme is also like this when it enters the multi level marketing chit fund scheme or the one that I am talking about there.  I will plant a tree and you give me money, you will get this much, then you bring four, then you will get this much from them, everyone is getting them but know that friend, this is not right, the decision making process is not right, there will be many people who will go away after making money.  Will go but that party music will stop whenever it ends. Well, it is a saying of Buffett or one of these two sayings of Charlie Manger that only when the tide goes back people will release who they were.  Swimming naked because as long as the tide is there, people have water up to their chest or stomach, when they go back, they will come to know and swimming naked means that the idea of ​​the British is fine and of their knowledgeable people, so you know one the tide.  Reverse then you will realize what went wrong, this music of real estate will stop, sometimes it stops, it becomes stagnant, then after that we will know how much that thing will cost now, what will happen to it, where will the fans be, then this  According to this, this should be avoided, I may be a good bye at when it was late, it is okay but not now, earlier I remember when it came, we used to go anywhere to Rohtak, like we were from Gurgaon, Reliance was written everywhere.  I didn't know where Jagga was, once I did some spying and reached there, he was neither found there nor here, then the one in his Badli wala tehsil where his office is, somewhere opposite there, 5 kilometers away somewhere else.  If you go there five or six times, you have to search with difficulty, that is, it is not like it is completely in your routine, somewhere it is falling on the road, somewhere on the main highway it is falling, there in one or two colonies, I have not come as told.  She is failing there, still taking it is better than here, the rate is better, that too is speculative and plus anyone can live there, anyone above the level of normal workers can also live there.  And that AIIMS Bhat Sa is there, they have it and AIIMS Bhat Sa has its own ecosystem, okay, so it can still fix things there, for sure, but you guys have to avoid this one. Tell me how did you like the video?  Will continue to make like this in future too. Thank you very much.