Hello friends, there is a problem again on State Plus 4, the chariot has stopped, earlier they used to say all this in the elections but brother, it is not coming, then date after date, 22nd August, after that, most like, elections will definitely come, code of conduct etc. will be imposed.  If this matter goes on like this then will it stop the supply and reduce it? Recently there is a centric kit centric project in Gurgaon, its supply will be limited because there is some other project.  People were thinking that the floor guy will come, now the floor guy is not coming, do n't know where the supply is from, if he is not coming, then Deendayal's other places are closed, inside it too, he had written oaths and promises to take permission from the neighbor here. Take permission from, is it permission? If you do n't take it without permission then there was nothing to be done anyway, but this brother, that too, that too, many people are getting disappointed because these policy decisions are challenged challenge after challenge.  It is not coming even from the government side, I am not able to understand properly what is happening, but practically the supply is being stopped. If you look at it in a way, there is no supply, property rates will go up, if it is ok then still plus.  4 This is news for you, there is no clarity on this and after three, four, six months, it was talked about in a cold manner, what will happen after that, even if something happens, the Joy Policy was visible right now, which is the story we wrote.  Earlier it was said that Sulai will be available in the same way, there was no hope of more supply but now even that is not there, so this was the update. Now I hope you people will take the decision because in the coming time, things will become more expensive and more expensive for people.  People in Gurgaon city are not able to digest. According to me, already we have reached that stage. If we have reached that stage, type yes, otherwise you tell me. It will be more expensive then we will reach, but according to me, today in  Gurgaon A normal man cannot buy a property without selling a property. Somewhere you can buy a property by selling it only on the basis of your salary and loan. Even if the husband and wife work, buying is moving towards impossible. Yes, father helped.  The father-in-law has given the wife a job, you also have a good job, so many people will buy the property or if someone had bought your property earlier, then youngsters cannot buy it.  People in there 40 50 60 Yes, only those who have earned a lot of money in their entire life, have acquired many properties, are restructuring of assets can buy, only those people are buying or NRIs who have a lot of money, then HNI investors are buying.  HNI end users are buying, rich people are buying or those who are selling from Delhi or you are buying from Delhi, then only the same customers will be left in the market for a common man.  So, the only option will be to buy affordable housing for resale and that too for 2 BH which has become 80 85 lakhs, where the position has come and one year has passed, then after the position you can buy, then the matter there is 80 85 lakhs.  Lakh has gone and so many positions of 3 BH case have not come in affordable housing and there it will go up to 1.25 crore, so I hope you people will get an idea of ​​the rates and where.  Yes, crore common man is the only affordable house. This has become a fact of life and affordable housing is not coming any more. All of them will come under retirement homes or some different scheme. Many people were waiting for affordable housing.  According to the information available in Sector 95, 92 or some places inside Sonha, nothing is coming anywhere, something else will come and only Rs 1.5-2 crore will come. If you understand the matter, then this is  There was a clarity, if there is intention in it, there is no way to reduce the price of property. Supply property is not such a thing that it can be built like Maggi, it takes six to seven years to build the projects which were built by Deen Dayal.  There were projects which were originally said to take two years when they came to Gurgaon. When did two years go by for many builders? They came after Covid and it has been two and a half to three years for many of them and still I feel it will take a year.  And even in almost low rise, it is taking minimum 4 years to get the position because NGT's ban on construction eats it all, at 33 the time eats up the time of the year at 30, then it rains once the labor goes on.  She goes for Chhat Puja, goes in winter, NGT ban is imposed, does not come back for 15 days, as soon as the ban is lifted, labor is standing, she comes again as per her wish.  If you have, construction travels, because of this, whoever is thinking in Gurgaon that if he will get any project before six to seven years, then he is not going to get it, then do n't think that if you have this, it is getting delayed, it is getting delayed. Why does pollution happen? Ask the government. Ask the NGT. This is a delay. This is a genuine delay. There can be a delay of one or two years from the builder's side too. If there is a delay of 2 years then the project can easily last for 3 to 4 years.  According to what was told earlier, now the RERA is coming, now the RERA will be for seven years, then there will be no delay, it is like the timing of Indigo, they automatically tell the long time of the flight, if from Delhi to Ahmedabad it is one and a half hour.  It seems that the flight takes 1 hour 20 minutes, so they say 1 hour 45, so that even if there is a delay, it can be done in 145, hence their on time is always good. If you are smart, then give a little more time so that you can achieve within that time.  If you do it, it will take 1:20 time, then say we are on, we are before the time, if you are a little late, it will be 1:30, if you are more late, then it will be 140, 1:5 time is mentioned in the flight, not like Air India, but Air India people. Poor guys, they show the right time and are late every time. I do n't know if Air India has got better these days. I have n't caught an Air India flight for many days, but when Air India was Air India, it means it was not private, it was the real government one.  If it was there then I used to walk comfortably saying Guru ji, what is the hurry, we will walk comfortably, become comfortable, sit comfortably, boarding is not in a hurry, so those were different times, so this reality timeline in real estate will help you.