Hello friends, many people in Haryana and especially in Gurgaon have been waiting for a long time to know something about Still Plus 4, but elections are going on, now they are saying no, before the elections, they will give some understanding before the assembly.  It is not coming, do you know where the property prices have gone from? In the coming time, the spec is that it will come on 12 meter road, maybe not on 9 meter road, it will come on this only, it will come in three types [Music] Because of Speculative Floors, what has happened to the people of Delhi now, you understand that look, this is the status as of now, you are also aware of it, but what I am saying is that there was an ecosystem which used to exist one and a half years ago, that the people of Delhi  They used to come and buy a floor, like that you know what is the transaction and they used to buy some commercial and youtube0 things were sold on it but what is happening now is that no one is making it anymore because it has to be  If you don't mind, take out three floors, then the rates of that plot are so much, there is no profit in three, even today someone buys a high rise, so now what the people of Delhi call it, it's like they call it the blood of high rises.  They left other types of projects from here i.e. they also came to the realization that the amenities here are not that much, there is no security, dogs roam around or generally the work is not that fun and when you are coming to Gurgaon.  So why not enjoy the better things and now the money is available in resale, no matter how it is found, it is going there. What has happened with this is that now it will also come in 6, 8, 10 months. Let's say it has come somewhere, so I don't care about it.  It doesn't seem to be benefiting investors or builders, the plot rates will keep increasing, they will keep stagnating, but that charm is over, now people will not enjoy it that much. This is my view of the next six months to one year. This is the view that of course there can be a change because if you take these other projects which are coming up to the sky, if you beat the rates of Mumbai, then brother, they will look good. Who is this? This is the problem. Come after six months, one year.  I will make a video, earlier you used to say this, the world is also going on like this, earlier people used to say so many 400 crosses, now they are saying so many crosses, so the meaning of people also keeps changing according to the situation.  This is the case, I do n't know what will happen after 6 months or a year, but right now nothing is happening, now the results of these elections will come, then the Haryana government has to take elections, they have also played with their numbers in the assembly, then that assembly will be held in September.  There are elections in October, will its code of conduct be implemented or what will happen, so there is no focus, this is just like this, who is the one who has to be killed in Haryana, is it okay, so it seems to be such a pending matter and in this  effect  So what is happening is that the price of property has increased because of the closure of one day and after that you have closed the floors then how much inventory will be missing from the market otherwise tell me how many plots are still there in Hooda Sector where the scope was to build four floors.  There are a lot of plots, if you count then I think you will get lakhs of plots, so if they are sitting on two floors, two and a half floors, one and a half floors, two like this, then there was the potential to create additional 2 lakh floors beyond that.  Due to lack of decision, the ecosystem where builders from Delhi used to come and build has broken down. I feel it will take at least three to four years to revive it. If a decision is taken on this in six to seven months.  Even if it comes, it will take 3 to 4 years for the final decision. I feel like I would have got a blanket. I do n't see what is the meaning of a blanket. Make everything, make it somewhere, some rider will come or the other.  9 meter road will not be built, it will not be built in the old sector, it will not be built here, it will not be found there, so this is my opinion, what do you people have to say on this, what can be better on this, however, I would definitely like to say one thing on this, legal one.  I would like to tell something to those who can follow the logic for the court, those who had bought PAN Haryana in the auction in HUDA or HSVP sectors and on that day it was still plus 4 allowed, then you When you did the auction, you had this information at the time of doing the auction, if you did the pricing accordingly then it must be still plus 4 for you people. How many people are there who are affected like this? Write in the comment section that brother, we have done so.  Which one is this one of yours, this is the sector behind Mahindra Ra, within the Apna 111 sector, there were some plots of Hooda, people used to ask me, okay Guruji, take it, take it. Tell me, are you getting it at this rate? I did not know at that time that Stal Plus 4 would not come, so we would have asked for that rate in general, not Guruji, till what rate should we do the auction, people from me found out in general in Rohtak, Gurgaon.  We used to discuss through consultation how much should we auction, then when I told him that formula, we used to do the calculation and in that calculation we used to go with stilt plus four. Now he Bidding was done according to the calculation of stilt plus four and that bid won. Now if you change the story then it is cheating on him in a way. Now only the court will decide whether this is what I am talking about.  The logical thing is happening, the rest of the people will not speak, now they are sitting silent because the decision has not come, because now even if you go to the court, what will the court say that this decision has not come, but according to me, they could have taken the decision immediately, this is mine, mine.  Opinion is, although I am not that much of a legal expert in this, but I am applying the principle of natural justice, I am applying the principle of natural logic. Tell me how do you guys feel, if it seems logical or not then tell the end channel.  Subscribe and like. Thank you very much.