Hello friends, the embargo of State Plus 4 in Haryana has now been removed, its letter has been issued, so the good news is that new launches are coming from some big builders of Deendayal, they will now come in Clean State Plus 4, there will be an impact in the pricing too.  It should be seen that the rate which was being calculated according to three floors, in my opinion now it should be reduced by Rs. 15,20,25 lakhs. According to me, that is one good news second. After the elections, the idea of ​​​​the results of the elections is generally known, what is the accounting going on in Haryana, after that on October 8, one more thing will become clear, which is the rule of Stal Plus 4, which was going on before that.  Take permission from that person. Take it from this person. Inventia was not going to come from him. There is no need to take permission from the person who has built four floors. But if one and a half to two and a half old people have built the thing and now you are fresh.  If you wanted to build, then there was a need to take permission, which in itself becomes a TDS task, then there are many builders who used to come from Delhi and used to start many projects here locally, like this one plot, two plots, four plots, so they are so much.  It is not anonymous, the rates of the plots have not fallen at all due to this but the rates of the builder floors which are ready to move in will go up a bit. I am telling this which has been settled as exist or yes which was embargoed. It has been removed. Now you will not have to make videos like ₹ 5000000 on real estate channel. In the coming time, I will make them very regularly here. Let's see some tubers talking about the real estate of Gurgaon as if they are slowing down.  Yes, yes, it has slowed down a lot, according to that earlier the goods used to be sold in an hour, now it is taking a few days, some projects are even taking a few months, that position will be different in 7 years.  The matter is about those projects, but that project is no longer being sold within an hour in a day, so yes, the thing is not being sold in an hour, more time has passed, it is a little bit fine, so if you compare it like within Mumbai or elsewhere.  Which place is Pune, Mumbai, Hyderabad or anywhere outside where real estate is sold? In Bangalore, according to that, Gurgaon is way way ahead. Inside Noida, you will now hear the rate of Rs 22,2000 square feet. Greater  Now Noida will also start getting degrees in five digits, Greater Noida five digits, five digits means not 9000, but 10000 minimum square feet, so in the coming time, fasten your seat belt, fasten your seat belt, the weather is going to be very good during Navratri.  Now paa 10 days ago rain kich kich pani pani Navratri will come now sunshine will come then winters then festival season then new government.  New release, new stories, stories, 7th, 8th, 10th, I was not listening to it for the last 10 months, I was not meeting you to tell it, you will meet me again after a month and everything is sold on storios, you know the goods, it's okay, don't troll me and start doing that.  Those from whom it is not bought, it has become expensive, they keep saying that it is okay and those from whom it is becoming expensive, they remain happy, depending on who you are, it is okay, let the stock market fall, let real estate fall, everything should happen like this, it will happen like this, see  Take  Gurgaon is now out to be proud of the middle class. The middle class cannot buy much in Gurgaon and if they do not sell any assisting project. Yes, if someone has bought something somewhere and it has increased, then after selling it, they will buy something new somewhere, but the old one is new.  Taking a loan is completely out of the hands of the middle class. If you are roaming around with a salary of Rs 2 lakh, which is a very good salary according to me, then also you  You cannot buy anything in Gurgaon and it hurts to hear this because it is not like that because now if your low rise floors come then they will also be worth Rs 2 crore plus, two low rise floors will also be less than Rs 2 crore.  If the above matter has happened, then if the matter is above Rs. 2 crores, then the person with Rs. 2 lakhs cannot do it, how will the person with Rs. 2 lakhs buy the thing worth Rs. 2 crores? So this is the latest for you, yes husband and  Wife is a double income group, they still have a chance, they still have a few days, other wise, after selling the property, they get the inheritance money, only those people are able to buy the property, then this was the news, you will find the group in the comment section, if you are already any of my  I am not on the group regularly, now things will be explained in the next four, five, seven, eight days. I want to tell you one more thing. I am an astrologer. I want to tell you that we don't buy things on Shraddha, even at what price.  If you do n't meet then buy, it is very easy to say come and buy, don't buy, don't buy, it doesn't seem like anyone is taking the cheque, it's a different matter, you do n't have to pay for the fresh one, if you can avoid it, then it is good, that is, if someone is doing the same as in the past.  It's been 3 years and now someone is asking that it is not fresh, no no no, it will have to be given, this will have to be given, all the old programs will have to be done, but to spread awareness in this matter, one should definitely join for the products, weight for Navratri.  Do a Big Bang in Navratri, it will be great, only a few days are left, Navratri will start in October and then we will meet, and till then take rest, learn things, enjoy and write in the comment section about which projects you want to hear the rates of. What are your queries? If you have questions, you may not get answers in the comment section, but you can combine them and do a live session or ask questions or answers in a video.  If you can make an answer then please write in the comment section also. Thank you very much.