Hello friends, the data of top seven cities has come again and there is going to be great learning in it. On this report, prices have increased by 23% on an average in the last year in the top seven cities. What about those who keep doing SIP of mutual funds?  You might have taken something worth Rs 4 lakh which had become worth Rs 6, now it has reduced to Rs 1.25 due to the correction and you are again deprived of gas at 23, where your money might have gone to Rs 20 in a year.  On and average price has increased on 23, I am talking about big cities. Yes, I know there is pollution in Gurgaon, Noida, Delhi, Delhi NCR, I know there are traffic jams in Bangalore, there is water in Mumbai also, there is no water in Chennai.  When it comes, it doesn't stop, there are more issues and issues of big cities, there are 1500 more issues and there will be more issues and beyond those, I will make a separate video, I have made some on pollution also.  My video is due, I will explain that also, but despite that, who told you that it is necessary to live in a big city, if you have taken property because those who need it will stay there and will earn rent, if you invest and they will have to pay rent.  Today, he is studying in B.Tech first year, he is studying in second year, he is studying in 12th, he will live in the same house which is under construction now after 5 years and after 5 years he will get the position whose and you  They will pay rent, that child ca n't buy, why can't he buy because his father is paying his fees, they can't buy a house for him and he is not able to earn money and there are many people in such situation, so those who are in this situation. No, those who have small children should invest, they should buy. Those who have grown up and can afford, they should also buy. The stories of the seven cities will continue to unfold further and a stage will come like the one that has come in Gurgaon.  This is the stage where no middle class person can now buy anything new in Gurgaon without selling something old or taking inheritance or taking money from the wife of his parents, in-laws and father-in-law. A middle class man cannot run a household with his own money. In Gurgaon, you have been working for 25 years without selling anything of yours and the money is lying in the account and you have a fortune of two to four crores. They are such rare people that they cannot get out of a normal job and salary because  There is a limit on loan also, whatever is your income, your EMI cannot be more than Rs 40, 45, 50, Rs 20-30 will also go into tax, if you need even food at Rs 30, then you cannot do more than that.  Now do the backward calculation, if something is worth 4, 5, 6, 7 crores then how much loan can you take, then a middle class man cannot take it, it is a fact that in other cities also he has the same.  The bags and bedding will fly away, nothing will be done by crying and washing, nothing will be done by calling someone dirty, the sellers, the builders, the government has the biggest hand in the rate of the property, this should be known to make it expensive, it is ok and you cannot do anything about it. Taxes are so high so you can either cry or invest. Even now the train is leaving. One day there will be a QI index. After that I will make a video and I will tell you about it and you can sit comfortably and watch it thoroughly.  make people understand  Okay, so listen to that, but I said this report is very important for you people, please follow the real estate prices in top seven cities, attend webinars, workshops, know the rates, keep the brochure, keep the layouts, make notes, know the rates, know the rates, then only you.  Will Know What Is Happening Because If You Are Reading Just Newspaper Articles Only Then Many Articles Will Come Out Bad Talkers Are Right Now this right speaker has come, he did not say that one should buy a house, he just said that the rate has increased so much, the speakers will still come saying, do SIP in mutual funds, do SIP in as many mutual funds as you are doing.  What they don't know is that the capital of Rs 30 will have to be given to them when they try to break it after 10, 15, 20 years. Now it is at Rs 125 at some point of time.  It was also zero, now it has become 12, maybe it will be increased in the Direct Tax Code, maybe it will be increased later, maybe it will be increased gradually.  5.5.5 If 1% becomes 30% in the next 10 to 15 years, then what will you do? You will have to pay tax on that also, otherwise there will be no tax, then there will be capital gain, if it happens then it will be on real estate, but you can sell the real estate.  No no no why not sell the real estate because the real estate will give you rent so if I earn Rs 1 crore capital gain in the property then I am not paying Rs 30 lakh tax because I am not selling it because it gives me  She is giving me something every month but my mutual fund becomes worth 2 crores, I will withdraw it as soon as I withdraw it, because without withdrawal, it is not giving me anything. Oh, what is this, let the direct tax fly, we will know how much the real estate will still increase. Returns will increase by Rs 50 per year, not by 40, I am saying you will give eight or nine or 10, you will not be able to get even that much on a higher base if you are paying in 5 years for a property worth Rs 3 crore. In a property worth Rs 2 crore, you are giving the money in 5 years. In a property worth Rs 1 crore, you are giving the money in 45 years. The money is going slowly. So brothers and sisters, if I get an absolute rate of return on it even at 8 or 9 years, then my  The money went slowly, beyond that I am getting returns at 15, 16, 17. If I am not getting returns anywhere else then what is the problem if I get returns at 89 and if only after having the position.  I get returns on Rs. 5. Inflation linked inflation is more than that but on Rs. 5, the cell of land for making cement bars, iron labor keeps on increasing, now the bridge has been connected here, the metro has come here, those stories are there from that.  You get more returns, I am saying that if you get returns only on Rs. 5, then who will go for Rs. 5, then you will get rental also on Rs. 4, if we live in that house, then you will not have to pay rent on that house on Rs. 4, and the rent will increase.  If you go to 9 then you are bound to get returns in real estate in any case and this return will also become very high in the future when you will get returns in lower single digits in every asset class like America and what is there here.  The rental is at 4 today, it will become at 8 after 8 years because the rent doubles. If I took NHPC shares at ₹, then I will calculate its dividend deal at ₹ 1 which I have taken at ₹ 1 or I  If it is running at 80, now I will check it at 80. It is for you all to check. Have you understood this thing? How did you like the video? Please do let us know. Do write in the comment section. If you have any questions, there are also technical questions.  So I am absolutely ready to take all the questions, any kind of question, do you think it is good or not, that should be taken in the city, that should be taken, traffic jam on pollution, whatever issues are there in big cities, detailed video beyond that too.  will come  I have a lot of clarity on that thing, where what is happening, how to understand that thing, how to understand what to do, beyond that, if you want a video, then definitely write in the comment section and then it will come on my other channel. But you must watch it and subscribe to the other channels. If you have not subscribed to this channel yet then please subscribe and if you want to take membership of the channel, special workshops and all that are included then you can take that also. And if you are watching this video as a forward or for the first time, then in the comment section you will find an information webinar group where very detailed workshops are conducted on all the opportunities that come within the top 10 cities of India and through that.  By learning and making notes of understanding, you can become a good expert in real estate and then you will gain confidence while walking. One good is bad, one is good and one is bad. By doing this you will reach nowhere. Keep saying good, bad.  Is it good or bad? After 2 years, you see the rate. Then where else have you gone? Where have you come now? You keep talking. If it is bad then you can become a window shopper. Sister, if you don't want to buy a suit then you do n't have to pay for seeing it. So sister, if you want to see a suit.  It doesn't cost money and you want to see the real estate suits, then please join the Webinar Info Group found in the comment section. If you haven't joined anyone else's group yet, then you must be enjoying it.  whatever  What is happening, make notes, open diary, write November 20224 December, whatever month is going on, date, this project, this city, this size, it was being launched at this rate, this was the last rate, this rate thing is this many square feet, the carpet was this much  Had you made notes, did it ever happen again or was any other launch launched, you will monitor that area, you should know everything, you should know all the localities of Mumbai, there is a place after white field in Bangalore, you should know Kande.  Willi is there in Mumbai, you should know, Chimbu is Bandra, Kurla is complicating, what is happening in Panvel, what is Hadapsar Hinjewadi in Pune, you should know completely, where is the place after closing the tank, where is the location of Central Hyderabad, do not buy. So what does it take to gain knowledge because you will start knowing the trends, you should know about Gurgaon, you should know about all the cities, we will also tell you about small cities where to do in Kolkata.  Is it good to invest in Rajar Ghat or is it good to invest in Joka? Which place is South Kolkata going to do well or North Kolkata is going to do well or Eastern Kolkata is going to do well which Kolkata?  What is Alignment? What story is being played out in Kolkata? What story is being played out in big cities? What is going to happen in Indore? What is going to happen in Jaipur? What is going to happen in Lucknow? Which builder is going to come to Lucknow? There will be details of top 10-15 cities of all the cities. Please write in the comment section. Please join, like the channel and subscribe. Thank you Yuri Ma.