Hello friends, today's topic is this formula one no longer what is the formula in real estate investment, I am talking about big stocks especially and this formula has been working for many years and it is working so much that now people know this formula  This happened to the later investors because they listen to stories of their old family members like uncle, paternal uncle, brother in law etc and the formula is the same bank property output of a city and then they take it and then the red floods go up by 15, 20, 30 kilometers  Buy it from a far away big city like this and the rates will increase, there will not be a system, you be ready, today the youth is ready to buy things at Kara, this is your different media influence, it is our happiness, Akshay Srivastava, these two names And there are 20,000 such people who say that they want to take the loan, so it is clear to them that they want to buy mutual funds, they are not going to go far. Then the system of going far away which was ended in the early nineties in New York where they used to call it tube, metro.  to that this  There is New York, there is Manhattan, other places are very expensive, so people will travel 100-150 km from here and live in big houses here. Now people do not like this, they say that we will live here in 300 square feet carpet area, 4:  They pay Rs 30 lakh as rent, you can check it, the average rent of one house can be rented and carpeted, but we will stay here, our roaming around, eating and drinking will be our life here only, and we don't want to live in a big house, be modern, not always get married  This is not going to be done in big cities, only when vertical cities are going to be built because 20-30 years ago, in many cities, 30, 35, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80 floor stories were not divided, it was divided in Mumbai many years ago  The division was of 15-20, 10, 15, 20. So, where the division was of 15-20, 70-80 floors are being constructed there, where there are five, six, eight floors.  There were 15, 20, 25 floors being constructed, so whether it is a city, those six cities, Gurgaon city, Pune or any other city, now different ecosystems will be formed, but you have to see that it should not be too far away, too much  People buy such land in the far off places because the ecosystem is good till the place where the flats are being built but when you go to buy this land, you will see this surprise and surprise that nothing happens there for 15 years. Many people are such fans.  There have been outskirts even in small towns. Have you become trapped? Do you know anyone who has been trapped like this? Please write in the comment section. I told you that there is a flood, it will flood, it will flood, take it in Bhiwadi, take it there, like this.  Take the liquor, there is nothing going on in the city and the best way to learn it is if you want to learn this example, look at Australia, the population of Australia is less than Delhi NCR and 3.30 times more than India, its area is 91 legs per kilometer, always 27 lakh km then population from India Your capital is Canberra, theirs is Sydney, yours has been deleted but it is Melbourne and this is Brisbane and this is your Canberra city, their city, that is the capital and please check the real estate prices of these 6 lions brother.  Why doesn't this happen for 5-10 kilometres? I am not saying that it is okay. There is coal in the middle of Australia, it is not worth living. People live on the coal, all that story is mine. Tell me one thing about Adelaide.  The formula for PR² for any city is 3.14 * 5², so 25 km becomes 3.75 square km. If I add just 5 km to it and do PR², then the formula of 10 squared, how much will it be? 100 divided by 100  If I do it from 3.14 then 314 would be increased by only five kilometers, you can see, I am making my area 4 1/2 times bigger, how many people in the city are there, but why is it not happening, what is 5 km, in our India, 5 km is something  Not only the distance there also, there it is increasing vertically, he does not want to go outside, wherever that street is made, whatever is its big system in the college, they are all spreading here and there like this, those 5 kilos and there  There are no traffic jams, friend, there is not that much population, I am saying that the whole of Australia has less population than Delhi NCR, you can check it, if you check the same thing in Canada, the story is working out there, you can also check Toronto, check the population of Canada  The size of Canada is bigger than Australia, it is very big and from the article, hey brother, look at the population, look at the names of the lions, Toronto, whatever, count them separately, how many cities are there, there are a lot of Indians, ask them there.  You will automatically get the answer that people do not want to go there, the real estate has been made expensive there, therefore here also in India, real estate will keep on becoming expensive in the big shares, you can buy it outside and buy it there also  There will be no benefit in taking it abroad until the infrastructure is not built there, the whole cost of real estate will not come down so quickly. If 12000 crore Dwarka Expressway is being built in Gurgaon, then the government is making recovery in the real estate sector from the story of registration charges in the builder agreement and in levying tax on the builder, in levying GST, in charging the builder, etc.  Since you do not give it to the government, then it will come out of you Rs. 12000 crore, hence property or any thing will be expensive. It is to be seen that wherever the system is being built, if that hospital is nearby, then you are the one paying for it. Everything is open in Rajasthan, there is no pollution or anything, so now you should take care of this thing that do not waste money, many people are thinking that I will buy 5 bananas outside and this is a flat worth 5 crores in the flat  What is going to happen is that you should look at those flats worth Rs 5 crore, see how much they are worth and how many people have bought flats worth Rs 50 crore each, they have some businesses in their list and they want to buy them, so where have they gone from where? I am not denying it, but this is the advice I am giving  I am giving you advice between 2023 and 2050, take any advice, people should take it from this, now I have seen a stock in Greater Noida which went from ₹100 to ₹1000, so it went from ₹100 to ₹1000 in 10 months, it happened in 10 years, now that In the same year, Rs. 1000 will turn into Rs. 10,000. Does doing this extra farming suit a smart investor? What has happened because of these reasons? Then when those people get the understanding, then it takes time for them to understand, then those people can understand it.  It goes with the trend, like if you look at one element of commercial, look at SCO plots, no one asks about such plants in Haryana, in Gurgaon it was said that we will do different histories and people were saying that the rates will increase but they do not increase.  Realization: Many things are like this, it seems that this formula will work, but it does not work. So please share and like it. If you have not subscribed to the channel yet, then subscribe.  I bring very realistic education through my webinar workshop, you can also become a golden member, you can take membership of the channel, you can get access to the workshop and you can join the webinar info WhatsApp group also which is here in  D comment We will discuss these things in detail and will do it with some more data and examples If you have any response then please do that also Jadeja thank you very match