Hello friends, we will discuss about the balconies in high rise. Tell me, how do you find such a unique topic, then that's why I say, I am the number one clarity giver because by taking the example of the entire youtube2, show how they are different from the old balconies. They were like the DDA balconies.  Or earlier, it used to be of high heights, earlier it used to be hanging in the air, look left, look at the night and this is the wall like this and it used to be protruding from the wall like this.  And what happens to many people is that in such a large area, the plaster keeps falling off and it gives a very shabby feel. Still, the plaster on the wall is not there because these people had not put up a chicken net. This is fine, normally the houses are built on three or four floors. You will never see plaster falling on the balcony there, but no matter how many societies you see, the whole thing used to be a mess. Now all the societies have been coming for two, three, four years and ever since Mavan Construction has started, you will see that the  There is a balcony, right? It is like an open room, meaning it is from here to here like this, and if it is like this, then you will see the balcony like this. This wall means there is privacy here and also a support. There is complete support. You will not get the feeling of hanging in the air like this.  You will not even feel that I am not hanging in the air like this, so this difference has come inside the market. If you see in Mumbai market, they have removed the balcony from there because unfortunately the balcony is also counted in FR there. This is a good provision in Gurgaon, no matter what sector you build in, whether you build a low rise or a high rise, the balcony in Gurgaon is still not counted in the FR which is a very good thing and today I will tell you a rule about the carpet. Area is called the link from the balcony, I teach the link in education, carpet area has become the inside area, which will include the door area also now on S.  The area of ​​the balcony on RERA is called exclusive area, so many people often question the loading, so today I will tell you under the formula that this exclusive area is actually the balcony area plus your carpet area divided by the super area.  Which the builder says has to be 70 then the loading cannot be more than 30 but you understand the point. Now there is another twist in it which I am sharing here for free.  I will not tell you all because it is a part of consultation or my paid webinars, but let me tell you what it is, you think for yourself, what is the ideal ratio of the balcony, how many balconies should there be, is the wrap around balcony good, is the balcony too much?  Let it happen because what I said carpet area plus exclusive has to be at 70 so carpet area can be at 69 and balcony can be at 1 is it a good situation and carpet can be End balcony can be at 65 and carpet area can be at 50 and that exclusive area actually which is the balcony area can be at 20 but it will not be much because brothers and sisters the balcony is a thing hanging in the air, you cannot sleep there.  You can't eat there, you can't do much of anything there except sitting in the pot in the morning and evening or doing pranayama, although there is a good area but there is a limit there. Yes, I am sure there is a need for drying clothes but there is a limit to it. I make you understand this thing very well in my webinars that how will you know how to complete the project because the rate at which he is selling it, brother, you are also super.  It sells it by area, you have to put it in carpet, it will be written in BBA in RERA, no problem, but we are area, even today when we say 00 square feet, 15000 square feet, then we  Let us say that the flat is of 2000 square feet and if it is 000 square feet then we will say that it is a flat of 3 crores but if we go to this 2000 square feet then we will get the carpet area of 1200 square feet then we will say that Guru Ji has  I had said that you will say that at 70, it is 1200 and at 60, brother, this loading is at 40, oh that.  There is also an exclusive area, is n't it? 200 sq ft. Pick up any brochure after doing 1200 and 200. Formula will work. Builder can do 70.1, can't do 69.9, will get stuck. So you will get stuck in this area at many places. You will see 70.5, 70.9 will be visible, 71 is not visible normally, 70 and 71.  One half remains in the middle, if someone makes it 72, he is seen doing more, then brother there.  Density also has elasticity, but understand this thing, is 75 good, it may not be okay, it cannot be below 70, but the biggest game has been given that how much should that carpet plus balcony be, what if I am selling it to you at Rs 2000 super.  So, can the balcony area be more, can it be too much and because in affordable housing, you know that the rate of balcony is per 1000 feet and the rate of carpet is 5000, so it would be Rs 1.5.  It means the government or the builder has calculated somewhere that if it takes Rs. 00 to build the balcony, then it takes Rs. 00 to build the inside, but this is the calculation, according to this, it is being sold at an affordable price, but when you buy luxury, brothers.  Sisters, do you understand that the balcony is sold at Rs 00 and the inside is sold at Rs 500, all your goods are sold at Rs 500, so you understand that I am telling you all the content.  If you go, you get stomach ache, then again, if not, then who should join separately, how to learn separately, okay, then come to the webinar info group, if you are in a mood, sometimes I will tell you for free too, okay, but add it properly at the end because  Many such things are said under examples which are not good to be told openly because I have never been a social reformer on high moral ground and I am the biggest messiah of doing good to the public and I do not wear such a face at all. I am a paid Guruji, give me the money, come understand or say Namaste separately, respect me, only then you will know the thing, okay, and only then I call myself number one, because no one has this attitude, okay, everyone comes and does something, I am with a straight face.  Do it like this, come under the canopy, come there, I will tell you in the webinar, come there, I will tell you what is this game, how is this game done on the balcony, because you are the same brother, see this.  There is a big balcony of 3000 square feet, but it is very big, all the balconies are giving, the balcony is very big, we have to play cricket there, or it is like Raj Kapoor, it is raining if it is coming, which song is it with Nargis, what is that?  Song, which picture was that, I forgot the name of the picture too, Shri 420 Thi Awara Thi, which was the rain song, it is okay, by the way, love happened, Ikraar happened, it is okay, this is it, maybe it is okay, so that, that work.  How big a balcony do you want? A big terrace is coming to you. Oh terrace, you are being charged at the full rate. Okay, it doesn't even have a roof, you can't even put a bed there, you can't even read books there, you ca n't even eat food there.  Ca n't even sit during the day Nobody can sit outside Hold neither many people sit Even if there is a need, what is the ratio Brothers and sisters, tell me how the videos look. If you have not subscribed to the channel yet, please subscribe.  There is a request in the friend circle to share it and like the video and you can join the link of the webinar which is given. There is one more thing that if you press the join button, you can also take membership of the channel, then there is nothing more than that. Get to learn something and soon I am also launching a good two month course, if you want to join then RE MP can tell me its money and structure, I will tell you then RE MP Real Estate Mentoring Program and  By doing this you will become the master number two, India's number one, I will remain number two, you will beat everyone as much as I can, you will not have to be ranked below, thank you very much.