Hello friends, it is going to be a very important topic. Understanding Pricing in Gurgaon Real Estate is a video with basic information. It may sound basic but it has created a lot of confusion. Some builder has reduced the rate. This clarity is about the same and not about wandering.  I have to tell because everyone keeps spreading it, there is confusion, that is why I call myself number one because everyone else wants to do vote politics, such content is created like  That you want to contest the MLA election from here, I am the one who gives education, so listen carefully in the small class of 6th, 7th and 8th class, we had learned a formula of interest rate in our 100 principle into rate upon time in our 100 and compounding.  You also know the formula of 1 PS comes to the power A. Now there is a game in it, payment P, when do I give you the money, I give it in 1090.  I give it in 2080, I look at the construction link, I give it in PL, I give it in 2030, I give it in 50, I give it in 20 40, I give it in 40, I give it in 40, I give it in 20 40, this is the whole game, brother, no matter what the rate, more, less, more, get it done from me.  And who has to do the total calculation, everyone figures out how much total money has to be paid and you know the payment plan and PLC. According to PLC rule, if you go to RORA, then PLC word is not allowed. You all know that no user has taught you this thing, you cannot sell it by making PLC, you can tell your unit, this is so much but not PLC.  If you can speak then you will say, what is this? Yes, many times such laws are there, it is also a fact that do not use the word, you cannot sell car parking separately, rate lake, if yes, then someone will rate you in the same.  It says different, still different people say late but the cost is not fixed, everyone says rate according to the super area, what is the rate of Gurgaon real estate, it is 000,000 feet, there is some other rate in the builder buyer agreement. We get 24000 23000 25000 because your rate is according to the carpet area. You are always given beige. Now what to do here on social. Become an activist, contest elections, make the public aware, the public will do something like this, the public is poor, innocent, can't do anything, ca n't do anything, the public feels like it is not the public, no, did it happen there because no, you are with them, you are the public, whose are you?  I am with you, you all judge why should I come and give an explanation? Some man, my job is to bring clarity, to shine the torch. It's like making noise, nothing happens. Whatever the rates are in life, listen carefully and I will explain to you.  There is nothing in Gurgaon real estate less than 000 feet, if there is something, then tell me and if it is there and will come then brother, then no one can guarantee that it will not be built, because listen carefully, I am going to tell you a very big thing. Whatever price is being told to the people, the builder is telling according to the time frame of five to six to six years, no project is to be built before six to seven years, you take the date of RERA, not the project in three to four years.  If someone is in the making then you  Tell me the fastest work, the fastest contractor, he gave the position of four towers exactly on time, what he said was Shapur ji, 2 was launched in January 19, but the project is still under construction, how many years have passed and when will the last phase be completed, one day work  It is not closed and on top of that there is no contractor of our own, that is the second Shobha, Shobha has its own engineers, it has its own staff, see for how many years is that Godrej Marine being built, brother, see for how many years is it being built.  Also tell me the project, the position, I am saying, digging a well pit, getting allotment, your allotment date and you getting the last key, then what will be the prices in life, you can see that, the rate will be 15 to 00 feet in Gurgaon, those who are saying that the price should be less.  Will go down, he is fooling the public, he is fooling me like he has been fooled in many projects and what about anyone else, call me a fool but I know that I also bought the rate brother.  Told 14000 very good, after that people put different rates for car parking in it, many builders installed PLC, I am telling about some other listed player, here I am not talking about others, whatever the rate, you say the rate is low.  If you did then he was telling that rate with PLC, now he will tell it without PLC when you go to get the allotment letter, then that will happen. You have to understand that the builders have no urgency to sell their goods.  I will tell you the phenomenon of who is buying what in Gurgaon. Today no common man is buying property in Gurgaon nor can he buy it. It is not possible for the common man to buy property in Gurgaon.  If you buy a flat of Rs. 500, then you are not a common man, you are not a common man, you are not a common man's cup of tea. Brother, the man who is earning two lakh rupees, two lakhs is a lot, so if you limit yourself, he would be saving only one lakh rupees. because tax  One has to pay, there is food, there is rent, there is electricity, there are school fees, if he saves lakhs of rupees then he will save one crore in 100 months, if he goes to 500 in months, he will save 5 crores, one month is 12, one year is 12, then his income is 42 years.  This is when he has two lakhs and 42 years of income, how will he buy anything? How special has he become a common man? Are you talking about a common man? If you stay in Gurgaon, you are not a common man.  If you want to stay in Gurgaon also you are not a common man and common man is not buying, you are a special man, first of all you have bought yourself, if you want to buy then consider yourself a special man at least and this  What is the rate, isn't it the rate, it is bound to increase and not to decrease, this is a p in math, no one is teaching you this, no one is teaching you this, no one is telling you, tell me one simple thing, any project every year.  If it cannot be completed before then the builder has a gun on his forehead that he has to sell the thing in one year, he has to sell it in one day, he has to sell it in one month, the projects which used to be sold in 15 days are now going towards four months.  Which were sold in the first four years. Shapar Ji's unit was the first in the inventory and was sold in 2019. I was the first on 25th January. Now I have been selling the goods for 4 years and kept selling for 5 years.  If the rates keep increasing then what is the panic, the builder has to sell the inventory of one tower at Rs 20 to start the construction of the tower. If there are 100 flats in a tower, if 15 flats are sold then the builder will not start construction. Rs 20 should be sold. There is time for environment clearance to come.  It seems the rest of the clearance comes later, environment clearance let me tell you, it is not given before RERA, that one comes on the line after RERA.  Again this is the biggest nonsense thing which should be taken up with the government and RERA should be taken up and this is an escape route for the builders and you guys that first give the product beige and then to delay, my environment clearance is not coming.  On this, no YouTube will give knowledge or tell because either it is not there or they do not want to tell, that is why I say come every time and I know that big people like chilli but I will always follow my religion. That I am the number one clarity giver, I don't say, I also prove it every time, why don't you come and take environment clearance with RERA first, why don't you get clearance in one go, your 15 days, one month, two months will be delayed when that happens because environment.  If you can't make it clear without that, then you have fooled the public that brother, take the allotment letter money, give it at Rs 10, give it at Rs 20, give it at Rs 30, because that  But in the beginning we take 20 rupees just like that to dig a pit or build anything on it, so we are just sitting there, nothing is being built. In the last six to 10 months, whoever has bought it, tell me, if anything is being built, please tell me.  After taking the photo, this project was sold six months ago and look at this, the construction will also start, but now it will rain, then the mouth will open. Which construction will you start in the rains? If you got six months tomorrow, then the officers do not appoint you.  It gives clearance but who can ask questions from the government, then the builder suffers all these delays. Every time the builder is not at fault. There is a lot of lethargy here. It is the fault of the system but the builder takes all the money from you. If you even drink coffee to the builder,  You don't go to his lounge and buy the product, go there to understand it and eat coffee biscuits and you also give coffee biscuits when the builder launches a party and you also give people his money.  The channels you give are like parties of people and they open like this with liquor and great launch and they do lights like this and videos of them are made and given to common customers, all this is done by unscrupulous builders but you have to tell the builders like this.  Don't do this friend, you are taking money from us only. Why are you celebrating? Keep quiet and do your normal work. Reduce my rate to Rs 100 00 in total because that is the expense of the party. That will be divided from 1000 flats only. If you organize a promotional party worth Rs 1 crore then if you are selling Hajj flats then lakhs of rupees have been added to my cost. I have to tell this but no other people will share this knowledge. Brothers and sisters, this is what  That is the channel, you subscribe to it, this is the channel of best clarity and I am telling you to raise the issues according to the clarity, the price cannot be reduced, builders have the power, you are a builder's man, I am a builder. I am not a man, I am the voice of the sky, I am time, the time of Mahabharata is telling the story, he could not stop the disrobing of Draupadi, for that only Krishna ji will have to come, but time is time, he is spinning around.  You must have seen the old Mahabharata, I am the time, I am telling you what is happening, I have seen it with my eyes, I am telling you what is not even visible to your eyes, I am telling you every time, brother, this is happening, we know it, right, we are sitting inside here.  We are cooking in the kitchen  Do you know how much oil is there, how much oil is there, what is happening inside, what is happening outside, what is inside, what is outside, people, something was running at 100 per cent, it came to 70 per cent, then it will come to 90 per cent, so coming to 70 per cent is not considered that oh rate.  Baba, the rates are not decreasing, the size will be reduced, Maggi was Rs 10 for 100 grams in 2012, then in Rs 14 it will be 90 grams, then in Rs 10 only it will be Rs 8, 80 grams again.  70 grams, it is called shrinking in the language of MBA. We cannot call it inflation. The prices have reduced, the sizes have become smaller. Brother, if the prices are not going to reduce, then those who are rejoicing that oh, this will burst, many people are paying at Rs. 30.  Come on, you won't get trapped, you won't get trapped, you are like us, you were giving information earlier, first of all, people are less and those who give them freedom and protection are like us, not down the market.  Will not let the builder suffer loss Will not let the public suffer loss Will not allow investors suffer loss Will not allow anyone in the society to suffer Will maintain positivity When inflation is at Rs 789, then brothers and sisters, despite the price being the same, there is a loss of Rs 8.  This is basic economics, we will continue to explain this, there is no need to have any reluctance in the product, rain will come, Gurgaon will drown again, then photos will come, then memes will come, but the price will still not reduce, people.  Will remain irritated, I am also irritated, my second channel is Guruji Gurugram, I am going to contest elections there, almost it seems that if they see my content, it is fine, it is my separate channel, where many people have seen me on the same channel on my channel.  I do all the work, I have five channels, it's okay even if there is content, there is knowledge, then the channels will also be different, when you are a good cook and can make five dishes, then will you put everything in one dish or not?  So, I will serve dosa in pizza too, no, no, that is different, beyond that, I am doing too much, raising my voice too much, telling many things, but this one, come here and let me explain to all of you, this one is fine.  And you don't understand this thing. Thank you very much.