Hello friends, why should you give OI if you are a serious inducer and investor? Let's see the history of OI. What is this UI? If you do not know, it is very popular in real estate in North India, but now it is in Pune side.  It has started happening in the western side and other sides also, in the south also in Bangalore, UI e-expression of interest in this what happens that you give a check and some money in advance.  And you express your interest, then we will discuss about it because many people with expression of interest feel that they have not told anything in detail before, they have taken the expression of interest and what is it? By doing this, I will tell its history.  I will tell you who was the first one, many years ago, this builder has been doing this for one, two or three years now. Before that, there was another thing, taking an example from Haryana, let me tell you, his name was G. Hooda, Haryana Urban Development.  The authority which is called HSVP, which is not getting anything as of now, is also fine, more of the matter is just that it has become an authority and whatever it has become, we keep looking after the sewerage, water, electricity and the work of paper vapor.  Now she does n't know anything new but she used to talk about her at one time, you know and people from Haryana please write in the comment section, people from Delhi will also know that when Bhai Saheb used to come with the plot, do you remember? They did not call it expression of interest, it was called Hooda Invites, an application, they used to call it Earnest Money, it was a word, so it was a short shot that Earnest Money is 10, but it was a very good amount which people had to pay and  It used to be stuck for six, six, seven, seven months and at that time it used to be several lakhs, which means today's fifty lakh rupees, which is more than the equivalent of UI charged these days because it was  It was a matter of 15 20 25 years ago. 15 20 25 30 years ago, it used to be stuck for six months and its draw was based on the plot. It was not even certain to meet. Nowadays, if you give the expression of interest on time, you will understand the thing. So you will take it, if you gave in the beginning, at that time the draw used to come out of the lot, then a system came such that the banks started giving, the banks see so many, two lakhs, one lakh two lakhs or whatever.  It also used to go up to Rs 3 lakh 4 lakh 5 lakh depending on whether that scheme has been running for many years, so what did the banks do by giving you a loan, they used to take interest from you for six months like Rs 000 8000 or Rs 100, 12, whatever.  Interest was earned and the bankers used to give it to him. There is a government servant, a bank used to give it to the government, the government used to give it to him, he used to give it back to him, they used to settle among themselves and this went on for many games. I want to say this, at that time everyone used to do this here, so what is the problem today, who sits with the money, why is there so much fear in the mind because the money is not being wasted, no one's money is being wasted, later on, someone has taken more of his own money.  Gave it back and forth 45 days, signed the application and got the builder buyer agreement. However, till the builder buyer agreement, you do not have any problem on your loan. It is okay, if you have paid one month's interest, suppose you also paid Rs 10 lakh.  So according to the percentage, the interest on FD is Rs. 600, its annual rate is Rs. 5000 per month, if this Rs. 000 is yours, then what disaster is coming, who has it, who has to buy, if you are an end user investor, what happens because you give money?  Yes, I am telling psychology, I have also given UI at many places, have taken up a lot of space, have also not taken up much space, I am also telling this, but by giving OI, you become skin in the game, not me anymore.  You have to understand this well, now I have to go and you become fully committed, no, we had to take it, we paid the money and went inside completely, you are not able to take it, because what is the thing these days, it is not until you see the face.  As soon as it is said that the face of the brochure would have been shown, the face of the layout would have been shown, by then all the UIs would have gone. Recently, as this video is being made, I think there is an allotment where UIs were kept at two places, in Gurgaon real estate, I am going now.  kept their allotment  I hope those who have got a good priority number will understand and take their allotment, but this is the procedure, it is there and this is how it is, that craze and that happens because where such a situation does not happen, the person says take it. See, it will be done, if you think about it, then there is no need to explain things to the builders, it is not like making it open ended, because the pricing will be there, there will be some discounts and see, the square feet at Rs. 00 is Rs. 50.  400 500 600 square feet, if things are priced at Rs 2000, then a discount of Rs 10-12 lakh is not less, especially when the money is being taken at Rs 10. Well, you have to understand that appreciation is visible in this price only on the ground.  It takes time for appreciation to happen first on paper but gradually it comes on ground also, so I request you all to stop giving this UI. Without hesitation, you will not be able to do decision making, this is a noisy shot because when you shy away from giving UI, because as I see in other markets, in Pune side it is only 500, 1,5,00, 2 lakh, Kolkata, Pune, Chennai, which is North. Gurgaon does not have Indian Markets, in Gurgaon it has become 10 lakhs. Earlier in Gurgaon also it was 1 lakh, 2 lakhs, then it became 5 lakhs, now it has become 10 lakhs for some builders.  It has become 15-20 lakhs. Those who are top builders are taking up to 30 lakhs-50 lakhs, it is okay because they are saying that brother, they are also looking at the potential, otherwise they are taking 55 lakhs in vain, now it is worth 7 crores.  If the property is worth 6 crores, then what will he do with it, if it is worth 5 lakhs, the world will catch him. Okay, so this is something which is happening in the market and you need to be very. Careful about it in a way that without this you cannot buy, so this mental is that brother, 1520 years ago, lakhs of people used to invest in HUDA's applications, today we become like this, this builder bought thousand flats and 5000  When people applied, we thought, oh my God, 5000 people had applied earlier, brother, lakhs of people, these few hundred plots used to come out to a few hundred. Plot means thousand applications used to come on one plot, this was the ratio of real estate, when you are old, if you know the time, the last one I applied for was in Gurgaon, I remember the one from Hooda, in 2004, it was for 52 sector, not 52. Was it or 57? Sorry, 57 was released in sector 57, 52 was also released. If I am not in color, I am confused between 52 and 57.  52 must have applied in both, they must have come out at the same time, okay, and in 5257, people used to apply in such huge quantity and then after selling the premium paper, they used to come out and it was the same slip, slip after slip, slip after slip.  Those times were also fine, so now this is so, there is no need to worry about it, when 20 years ago people were doing this work, so many years ago, it was a matter of so many lakhs, it was fine at that time also, so that's what we got.  The money used to go, did not come out, used to be drawn by the government, after that they removed that too. I am thinking that this system should not start the bank address again or should it not charge interest, take Rs. 000 and give that.  Do I don't know, this can also be one but then builders are not interested in this because builders are not interested like the government, then there is interest in getting the interest because at that time they used to say that  Man, this is the income of the Hooda people from the interest on it. There used to be a saying in Haryana that it used to last for six, six, seven, seven months as if the time of giving the money came, by then another sector was launched and another scheme was made, it was made, it was made, it was made, it was made, it was made better.  Had it been done like this, that money would have reached lakhs and crores of rupees with the government because every person is giving so much and lakhs of people are applying, so it would have remained lying there.  It was simply not refundable, till the time the next one came, interest came, interest was played, so that too was our time, old, ok, still there is time, but brother, we will have to do it, tell me how to do without AOI.  If it is possible, then see, although in the future, units are saved even after EE, it is not such a thing that units are saved, UI came, everything came, everything came out, but the one thing is that yes, this project came, the entire market was explained to the people. Focus came, everyone understood everything, video studio was built  All the focus came and the things got divided, now after that there is a job, it will continue, they say sustainably, whenever the builder has built the sample flat, the builder knows that he has to sell the goods easily, he does not even want to sell the whole, but without any investment.  You Will Not Be Able To Take The Call In The Present Markets This Is Not Every Builder Will Do This Coming Times But Most Of The Builders Will Do This So You Have To Be Mentally Ready For Giving The  At the stage without UI and UI, you will not know the exact rate, nor will you know the exact size, nor will you know the exact amenities of the site. In fact, people tell you only a day before the allotment. It is okay.  So that remains a craze, the tactility of marketing, the builder himself cannot play the name of the customer, that I bring my builder and work as per my own, then whatever is in the market, we have to do it accordingly and in that, if we  If we persist then we can do this thing easily. Okay, like the channel, subscribe. There is a webinar info group in the comment section. When these projects come, I analyze them. Top seven of the top 10 cities in India. If you are already connected.  If you have joined then there is no need to join but if you are not joined then you will find whatsapp.in group, beyond that you can join by clicking thank you very much.