Hello friends, I am going to explain about Rich Boys Club, it is playing out the story in Gurgaon real estate in many places and also does a lot of things, you will get to learn some videos, right now there is some confusion about YouTube2, many YouTubes are coming depending on the situation.  If you can't do much yourself, it is sold, then it is bad, is it okay or has it become expensive now? I call many of these people as 'Binpendi ka Lota', you know the 'Binpendi ka Lota' which is sometimes found around here.  Here with the wind with such a gust I am the number one real estate clarity giver I am going to give you clarity on this like nobody else does because people are like Sapre in Gurgaon this has just arrived for Rs 18000 here it has come this this project has come  Gone, sold, happened like this, so this is a lot, I was saying this for many days and now I am telling you again and now today I am going to tell you about Rich Boys Club. What is a rich boys club? Yes, there is a rich boys club, rich boys can also have girls but I say boys, they gathered together and made a circle at any place and said that only rich people will come here so only that.  The thing will be rich, there is no logic in it, example five star hotel, this place is so expensive, made its rate expensive, there could be a dhaba next to it, a place for the poor next to it.  It may also be that there may be everything next to it, but now you may question why it is expensive, it is expensive because it is expensive, it is a bag of Parada, it is a bag of Parada, it is a bag of lace, it is a bag of some brand, it is something important.  It is not the end of the matter, how come it is so expensive, now you are not getting realization of this thing in real estate, people are treating real estate like a commodity, rice, wheat, rice also have different rates, Basmati rice will be different, the government which  is selling  That will be different, that of MSP people will be different, the middle one will be different, small grains, thick grains, brown rice, Thai rice, its rice, black rice, I don't know which one, everyone has a different rate, then just because you will not be able to afford it, if you will not be able to do anything.  Can't do it Rich boy syndrome, it's a club, he works out everywhere, a train is going, yes, that train left from Delhi and reached Mumbai, it has 10-12 coaches now.  All those coaches, all the trains are running together and will reach at the same time, but there is first class, first AC, which is called second AC, third AC, sleeper class, general class, same train, but each ticket is different.  Gentry is different in one, what is it, yes, it is open, a little bit, that much, that much, that much, that much, so much, the ticket in first AC is as expensive, sit in the same plane, it is first class, it is business class, it is economy class, so is it more expensive than economy class?  his ticket is  So did you have so much fun and the flight is of four hours and six hours, let's say 2 hours, 6 hours and 8 hours, then is the ticket so expensive? You go to drink coffee somewhere, you are drinking it in Starbucks, so many others are drinking it in five star somewhere.  So can he make filter coffee at home or can he make fat coffee? Can it taste 25, 30, 40 times better than normal coffee? It may not be tasty but why is it so expensive? It is just that.  Yes, these are the shoes you buy, different vehicles, the most perfect example is that there is only one road in Rich Buzz Club, there is only one red light, at that red light someone is standing in a motorcycle too, someone is standing in an auto rickshaw too, someone is standing in an Alto too.  There is also a Karetta in this car, there is also an Here you will say, friend, the location is the same, the road is the same and at the red light, brother, everyone stops, everyone stops and everyone consumes petrol, this one does more, what is the benefit, how much does it give, oh brother.  When you buy a Rolls Royce, you do n't ask the mileage. When you buy a car, you ask about its mileage. Do you want to buy a Royal Sla or do I take a Bax? Which bent should I buy? You don't ask like this, you ask in the same way.  Real estate is coming, what is the surprise in it? For example, let me tell you another example. This is a big misconception. Someone had posted a video. There is a little lack of knowledge, that is why I come and speak so harshly because people make so many mistakes.  There is no 360 degree perspective. A real estate person knows real estate, I know 70-80 things. Now in someone's video people are telling that it is like golf.  There is a product on Kos Road, Camellia, a thing worth Rs. 00 crores was sold there. It was said that a thing worth Rs. crores is being sold because there they sell things in equity, so the tax is saved. Some of them seem to be free from tax. Hey friend.  Earlier there was tax loss, read it, now cap of Rs 10 crore has been put, now it is not applicable, earlier it was there, now the deal has been done, please go and check income tax rules, not more than Rs 10 crore, capital gain tax is Rs 2 crore.  And this is the equity sale that happens when a start up sells the equity etc., the listing is done, the government has put a cap on it at Rs 10 crore, even after that it is being sold for Rs 100 crore, because again it is a rich boy's club, why and how it is.  A rich boy's club is a rich boy's club, there are CEOs, there is networking, there is hi-fi, people live there, rub off with each other and move ahead in life.  They go and they made one of their own because if someone says it is worth 100 crores, then brother, 100 kg gold will be worth 60-62 lakhs, 62 crores will be worth 100 kg gold, one kg gold is worth 60-65 lakhs, so will you invest 100 kg gold? Even then you will justify by eating 35 crores, you have also invested gold, you cannot justify it like you take the price of Bentley, Rolls.  Take the price of Royce, you cannot do anything like this but it will happen here if you go to the middle of nowhere in Rajasthan, in the Thar Desert, there is nothing there, build something on 510 acres and do something in it and there Alia  Bhatt ji, take there Shahrukh Khan, Mukesh Ambani ji and someone else, Virat Kohli, Anushka and others like that, you and those Englishmen from outside, take some top people, then it will become a rich boy's club there, middle of nowhere.  And make something there and do some activity and say yes, here it will be 25 CR 50 CR. Middle class, I don't know what logic is going on, why they are not understanding. Now let me tell you again, this is Camellia Magnolia, all these turned out to be  They were released many years ago at Rs 5000-6000, they were released at such a price, how many times higher than that, they were expensive at that time and are even more expensive now.  Will remain expensive in future also because where the logic comes is that I have to buy so these things Delhi's rich wife Wife of a rich man says I want this then husband has dozen questions that if you want this then how much will he get it for  Have to give it and their supply is relatively less, no one is questioning, now everything is ready and sing.  He is the top builder in the country in 77 sectors and he launched the product and that product was sold so quickly and was sold so expensive. Nobody questions that they are saying that it should not be sold here, it has become so expensive, now there will be no further rate increase, there will be a lot of rate increase in this region.  Brother, there is exclusivity in it, no one has talked about the density in it, brother, the density is also less, if it is some 40 is a flat, then royalty will be charged, you will stay at one place.  If you are building 150 flats but 40 are being built on one acre, then there will be exclusivity in the 40. Now, what atmosphere will they create there, how will they make the lift, how will they make the lobby, how will they make the club, how will they make the things, when it is ready, then these products will be made.  Are Timeless Properties to be Kept for 30 40 50 60 80 100 100 Plus Years Across Generations and Build  Generational Wealth Middle Class Never Thinks Generational So Datchi What's happening, all this is happening for the middle class, nothing is coming in the Gurgaon real estate market, so of course it is now feeling that I too am saying like me, some product should come.  1.5 to 2 CR is expensive, it has become expensive, even if the density is high, 1.5 to 2 CR, there should be some product in it, it should be less, it is not coming value for money. It is becoming difficult for the middle class to know the things. The middle class looks for value for money in everything. The functional things also have a lot of value. Brand value. Who will remain the gentry? The things which cannot be touched are intangible things.  Okay, we call the thing that you cannot touch, the thing that can be touched, you call it tangential force, that is middle class.  Tang force goes behind things but what I am trying to say is when India is doing progress and we are going to become a 5 trillion dollar economy, okay from 4 trillion now in three to four years, then the wealth that will increase in it will be here in the pyramid. So if I take HNI, let's take high net worth individual, let's take any number of them, let's take let's say 2 lakhs.  If it is okay, then when it will be from 2 lakh to 5 lakh, then 3 lakh will study in the entire country, but these 3 lakh people want expensive things, then demand and supply of these things do not come every day like Maggi, this rate will increase because of Covid.  When it came to the rich and the poor and the middle, everyone suffered greatly, so the rich said that everyone should have a room, so it became very tight, even if tomorrow I get imprisoned again and I should also have a study. And mine should be like this and mine should also be like this, my studio should be something like this, 3600 square feet, ask the other wise, brother, what is the need of 3600 square feet, brother, Rich is coming, NRI is coming, he is coming and these are the things coming.  These things will come and they will become more expensive because their supply will stop in the future because whatever product is coming, it will not be available before 6-7 years, say four-five years.  Take the date of RERA and you will know when the final position of the final tower will be there, then it is not such a suppressed supply, some supply has not come in 202021, not much has been launched even in 22, then now it is happening so 2 20 21 22 some.  If it is not available in the market then 24 25 26 27 There is no ready inventory in it, there is a huge mismatch, so these rates are increasing, even if you do not like this  It seems that I am not a foolish person who is taking people. Have to understand that when God gives the power to earn, Lakshmi ji also sends it, in this way money does not come without sending, because people are questioning the judgment of people.  R buying is fine and it seems so because what is happening is that many people have become irrelevant now builders are having so much fun there is so much demand that there R People who used to sell things in the market or make videos on channels, what is the need to take high moral standing, why can't people speak to us, we are Ruth Capitalist, I am speaking today, Rathasaptami system is demand and supply, not customers, I am giving advice.  I am doing it like this, even in words I am if people are connected with me, you know I am taking in value for money real estate, I am in a ticket size  Personally speaking Gurgaon real estate is extremely value for money in this at 18 19 20000 also but the below thing is not there then when it is not there then give it is there not anything value for money if you want less than one year then there are  Other cities and people who are connected with me, I am bringing products on weekly basis, thrice weekly basis.  I have been in different cities. If you want to know and understand those products and want to attend webinars, then inside the comment section you will find a subscriber info group of real estate. If you have not already joined, I have many groups. It is okay if you have not already joined.  If you are listening for the first time then please join beyond that, you will get the ticket, there is no city of India which is in the top seven, eight, 10 cities which I do not cover on regular basis.  If you like the size, yes, I will assume that the budget of the middle class is 70, 65, 70 to 95 lakh. Anything is available in a hurry, it is being snatched up, it is not available, it is available in many cities, at least in Gurgaon.  There is no one left, there is an affordable housing in Gurgaon and a house worth Rs. 6 crores, that Deendayal has disappeared, just like that, there are a few units left, if anyone is interested. Tell me, it is value for money, there is no question of doubt about it, but there is nothing else, the middle class is waiting and Karan will come, Arjun will come, Karan is not coming, Arjun, nothing is coming, everything is coming.  Six S R F S R and that means now the next one will come, now he will come here, he has so much CR, he has so much CR, so brother, this rich boys club is being formed, these Delhiites are coming who sell themselves for more than five rupees and these NRIs are coming to you. Come  Other things are being grabbed and tomorrow when it will be launched by India Wealth Creators, only the same people will buy it in resale. Even if you are middle class, you should not buy it. What do you think, this has been launched in Rs 27 and it is so cheap.  Sir's thing is gone, it has to be bought by the middle class, now people say this, you will buy it on loan, what kind of Sir's thing is bought by taking a loan, who is the bawdy butch who is saying this?  A thing worth 7 crores is taken by taking a loan. Since when does one get so much money? A thing worth 7 crores is acquired rich by restructuring their assets and by buying the wealth they are creating through their businesses. Nobody takes a loan of six crores to buy more than six crores. Property Nobody Take Loan: Those people are not fools. They know that if they take a loan then the cost of funds will be Rs 859 and they will invest that money in the business.  If he earns 18-20 rupees, if he takes a loan then he will take it for business. There he earns 18-20 rupees. Here he is happy even after earning 10, 11, 12 rupees because he knows that the thing has come as per his wish, he will get it from the choice of his mind, he is getting it from the builder of his mind.  The density of the mind is matching with the amenities and those moments know that these are timeless properties and are not coming again. If you do n't understand then you  Have to Take a Call Condom Rich people are always smart It is the middle class that makes mistakes Rich are smart Why they are rich Poor is not playing all these games So the middle class is getting messed up I have read these things I explain with love and openness to understand. Please come and listen to my real estate predictions for 2024 which I will make right now before the end of this year and you all should come and listen.  And in that I will explain the reasoning, I will explain the thought process as to why the issue will become more expensive because people are feeling that it is a big deal, it is a big deal for those who wanted to buy and those who wanted to sell, no one is asking you both about the market.  I am feeling that since we are not being asked, we are the center of the world, then this thing will end and you will keep seeing like this, Tuck Tuck Luch 34000 sold, 36 sold. Gone 30, sold for 40000, they will come and go like this and no one will give you tea or coffee, they will also take your check like this, they will tell you 14000, 15000 and then they will snatch 18 more and it is over, then you will keep roaming around with the cheque, you will say that I did not take it, I took it.  No, I have caused harm, it is being explained like this at many places, so what is the wrong thing in it, it is being explained that I am not a bottomless pot, my mine.  Advice is running consistently, who is following me and is getting a lot of benefits since last two-three years, till now nothing has gone wrong with the consistency, I am still very bullish in 2024, I am in more bullish and this is this and this and this and that of real estate.  It doesn't get cold that quickly, it will happen just because you are tired, you are defeated and many more horses are coming to fight the race. This clarity will keep coming to all of you.  Stay connected, join the group given in the comment section. You are immediate and only three-four days are left for the end of this year. As many opportunities as there are, the rates are coming out at many places. It is okay, they are being revised from the first of January. They are called once. No sister, it doesn't cost money to see a suit, so I am telling you with that example, weigh the rates of all the suits available, write them down in your diary, otherwise what will happen, Badhani Badhani, Oh Badhani.  If you do n't even know the rate, then how can it increase? Now I say, whether the rate of gold has increased or decreased, you will tell only when you know the rate of gold, when you do n't even know how much it is, then how will you tell if the rate of gold is today, this proposal is some amount. So whether it has increased or decreased from yesterday will be known only when you know the rate of yesterday. When you do not know the rate of tomorrow then how will you judge if there is a big decrease then that is what I am saying, the year is coming to an end in 2023. Knock knock, take the rate from me, do it like this and note it down, then you will automatically know. Be in the market, I am the only one, who is welcoming window shopper. Window shopper does not even ask what is a window shopper, whom should he take? There is nothing but that.  Want to know, I am doing life long window shop myself, that is why I have so much knowledge, there is no brochure of Indian real estate from any city which was launched 20 years ago and is not available with me.  There used to be hard copies because there were physical brochures, now soft copies are coming, they are very easy to keep, this is what I teach you, if you have any project launched in India, it should have a soft copy that this project was launched so much, this is its design.  This is its rate, this is its map and this is how it was done and note it down only then you will be able to follow it with conviction Don't have that uncle ji uncle as a reference  ANALYSIS OF YOUR REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT That Three People in Your House Don't Be in the Market Do the Hard Work It's a Full Time Job Nobody Teaches It No University Teaches It Anywhere I'm the Only One Teaching in the Country That's Too I'm  Not an arrogant person, you know the people who follow me on so many channels, I am a very normal humble person but I say I am number one.  Because there is no number two, the day someone comes number two, number three, I will not call myself number one, but there is no one else, no buddy is teaching, everyone comes, someone shows a drone shot, someone shows a brochure, someone shows his daily life. Bin P's weekly opinion is like how the stock market is traded, the market will go down now, it will go up, now this will happen, the real estate market is like this, today is up, tomorrow is down the day after tomorrow.  Like this, it is not like that transparency is less, there is no index, it is not known, but then I help you in identification, look at the prices of stocks six months ago, the market is forward looking, it is not today, today they have sold the goods, it is the market force which is moving ahead.  What is going to happen is when the stocks are running up. Follow the real estate prices. Stock price of all these listed players. You will get to know what is happening as you see.  The balance sheet is not looking great right now, there is no profit being made but the rates are rising in the stock market because the market is forward looking for six months and 12 months. The smart market knows what is going to happen in 6 months and 12 months. You are not here so physical asset when you will buy that will also go up because the market is discounting it today share market is doing it today actual market later Will do it because in real estate physical market there is a lag of 6 to 12 months compared to stock market. Here the first thing is anticipated and then comes on ground. I hope this video is useful please share with every buddy please join in the group.