Hello friends, in this video we will discuss the curious case of Mumbai real estate. How is Mumbai real estate different from other real estate? As you learn, you will understand that the prices are very high there, how are projects sold there, what different story plays out.  There and I will try to compare it a little with the market of Gurgaon from daily NCR late, you people will enjoy a lot, it will be fun, understand that off course in Mumbai real estate, many of you are not living there and cannot buy, no problem.  No, although I am going to bring its projects also recently, if you ever want to get such information, then in the comment section you will find a whatsapp.in group, click on it and join it, then let's start real estate there.  What is the difference there, the difference is that whoever is the developer is a developer, he is not a land owner, so what is the result as a result, the land belongs to someone else, earlier there used to be mills here, cotton mills etc., okay, so that. land  There were owners, a lot of development took place there, big owners, so mostly the developer there is yours. In a way, think of it as the one who is making money on the goods that will be sold and manufactured, so his interest is always that the more expensive the thing is sold and  As the goods are sold, he will earn profit and the rates will increase further. In Gurgaon and other markets, there is pressure on the builder to sell the inventory quickly and sell more because  His huge wealth has been invested in buying land for real estate, so he has to recover it first because the cost of interest, cost of interest meter is down, the cost of interest of the real estate developer in Mumbai and his meter is not down, he just says that.  He is making halwa and is taking money for making halwa. Neither has he bought ghee nor has he added all the ingredients like cashews, almonds and anything else, neither gas nor stove, he has nothing. He is just taking money for making it. As the pudding is being made, the money is coming in, that is why you will see that any project in Mumbai is built in four to five to six years. Whatever high rise you know, it takes so much time, so the builder is comfortable with it.  He is interested in selling for four to five to six years, hence when any project is launched, his initial interest is only in removing the inventory at Rs. 20, he remains speculative and that is why it seems very expensive in the beginning and it seems so.  Who will buy the expensive ones, then the same people are buying by selling, that is the story that is being played out in Mumbai that the outsiders are not buying that much, it is the insiders who had a flat of 1500 square feet, which was there for 40 years, 50 years, it is over.  If it is done, now we will take Rs 7500. If we talk on the basis of carpet, I am talking on the basis of super, so you can sell a carpet of Rs 1200 and get Rs 600 carpet.  You can sell 800 carpets and get 400,400, that is also there and that is how inheritance is kicking in and the demand is coming in the same way, you will see a different case there, the density is 350 to 400 acres on flats, what will you find a different case there? You will never see another balcony in Mumbai because the balcony is also included in the carpet area and if it is counted inside the FR, then there are balconies there.  Whenever we meet people, they say, why give a balcony? We need a balcony to dry our underwear, to sit, to drink tea, to put pots in it, to take a breath of air, but now in Mumbai you don't see people who say that brother, the living space is so much.  If you are giving less then if you give a balcony in it then it means that it will be counted in it so people are not benefited then this is again a pickler case of Mumbai real estate and the land is not increasing in Mumbai. You know one side. Complete  It is the sea, it is okay, so it can be up and down, it can be up and down, because yes, it is spread till Pune also, things are fine but there is a limit to it, that is why there is another region in Mumbai in Everybody Mumbai Real Estate that it gets filled with water.  There is a lot of traffic jam, the infrastructure is very bad, that is why the prices of real estate are high, I will tell you this separately very well, but here I want to tell you, just imagine if the infrastructure becomes very great like Yamuna.  Expressway or this jewelery favor or something, friend, if you tell me then people will be less suspicious. Like Mumbai is Mumbai, let me tell you one place where you can reach in half an hour in a very fast train at a distance of 150 km. Then if I improve the infrastructure and there is no huge crowd, then people will all stay there, otherwise why would they want to live nearby? They want to live nearby because the infrastructure is bad, this is what is increasing the property of Bangalore, that is, the traffic jam. Man should not get trapped in this problem which has become so much that is why the man wants to buy real estate somewhere where he works because he does not want to spend three hours of his life every day. On the same basis he is reading the article. Tell me the day when that problem is solved so easily.  If this happens then why will the real estate increase then these are these counter things, what do people do, what should happen, what should happen, they go on that, normally this is the middle class, any essay is being talked about, some debate is being done and Dhruv.  Rathi's debates take place on his channel like the content lifted from Wikipedia which is stuck to the youngsters and they think that they have acquired a lot of knowledge, there is low order thinking, what should happen, what has not got that much meaning, what is happening and what is happening due to that.  And what will happen due to that happening and why is it happening? If you understand, wherever there is trouble, what are people doing to avoid that trouble and what are they doing to help real estate.  What effect will it have? This is the answer for real estate. If a person reaches everywhere smoothly, in 20 minutes, you can build such a city with great ease. Then brother, the one where so much real estate is so expensive, is Nariman Point Lower Parel or your Cafe Road?  Or whatever your property is not even in Mumbai then go to Andheri, you are ok, Carnival East, see how expensive it has become, ok then why is everything expensive, why is your even Navi Mumbai becoming that, ok so  The reason behind this is that people there want to stay there and do not want to go far. The same reason is in Australia, real estate and everywhere, where there is lethargy of people to leave their ecosystem, someone's own place, where his friends, food, water, school, all this is that.  He does n't want to leave so soon, he has been with him for so many years, otherwise what difference does it make if he goes 20 kilometers away and comes back, then he will not get that feeling of being a Mumbaikar. Mumbai which is called Mumbai has the feeling of a Mumbaikar, just like a Delhi person will get the feeling of living in Najafgarh, Thona will come of staying in Narela, although technically it comes in Delhi, you will call Najabgarh as Delhi, you will call Narela as Delhi, but brother, do you get any feeling after staying there?  I am a Delhiite, a Delhiite, a Delhiite, Punjabi Bagh, Shalimar Bagh, a very sophisticated Delhiite, the address of Delhi is a psychology and Mumbai is very sophisticated. That man also plays in the metro, he hangs around wherever he is, in the local train etc. but he has to live there only, he will live in a small house, we will make it smaller and smaller, one room, one bed, Rs. 000 per rent. Youngsters are going to such places, they are going to struggle, there is financial capital, there is Bollywood, there are dreams, so basically when I speak, I want to speak about that. I will have to major in square feet on aspirations.  The value of a real estate is that you have moved to a city, Jind is fine, Fatehabad Rohtak, Rohtak is a different beloved city, I will not take its name, I will make a separate real estate for it, if you want a video on Rohtak real estate, it also has a lovely phenomenon.  If you get to learn a lot then write Rohtak Real Estate. I don't know there are many subscribers in that area, but if we pick any small city like Saharanpur or any other then how many square feet are there in that area. Will define the real estate there in Mumbai is the most expensive real estate in India because there is the highest desire per square feet. Today I have given you another matriculation through this video, no real estate person will teach or explain that I am number one.  That's why I am telling you that the price of real estate will follow the desired aspiration per square feet. Now how to calculate it? Aunty cat does not teach all the things to the fox at once, otherwise who will ask? Have you heard the story?  The fox is training the cat aunty. The cat aunty is training the fox. She teaches a lot. Now the fox feels that the cat will eat the aunty. Now, is she of any use? No, she has told everything. As soon as she attacks her,  When aunty cat climbs a tree, the fox asks, "Hey cat, aunty, you didn't teach me how to climb a tree. Son, if you can teach me everything, then jokes aside, I did n't teach you everything through a video."  It's okay by the time Cat aunty will teach you everything Cat aunty will have to learn something new Because I can neither make you number one nor number two, if you are okay then calculate these things, make aspirations, is there any way to calculate aspirations? Talk about dreams and dreams on square feet. Which city is taking dreams? Greater Nade is not taking dreams. All the retired people are sitting there, they have no dreams. They call it God's Departure Launch. If there is a departure latch in the airport then it is God's too.  Departure is a shame when you are checked in, it's time to leave, you don't know when the plane is coming but now you have entered it, now you can't come back, Panchkula is also one such place where such people live mostly, okay now many  People  They will say, there is peace in God's departure. Yes, there is peace, there is no tribulation, because you can go anywhere at any time, it is ok to take, but not by aspiration, real estate will not increase, there will be no fun, there is fun only where there is noise, I am like this.  I have to do it by force, I don't do this work myself, but sometimes I go and see where all this is happening and in cyber hub Gurgaon, there is a tank of Rs 000 and tequila shots are being given and so on.  You lick a lemon, apply some salt or lemon and lick it, I sit and look at everything, I am not judgmental on the ground, Guruji, I am a man, I say yes and do whatever you want, why should we be judgmental when in a salary of Rs 65,000, you are worth two and a half to three thousand rupees.  You take tequila shots, cut cut cut and your real estate there will increase. Brother, we are seeing that the person who is not ready to spend so much on this will also do it on real estate, he will have to do it like us.  We will increase it and we will say, child, when you are doing this on this salary, will you get a room here for Rs. 8000? You have to see this thing, this also comes in the aspiration itself, in the calculation, this is the highest in Mumbai and if this is the highest then  There is maximum real estate there, it is simple, so whenever you invest in real estate, today what we learned from this video, we learned one new thing that brother, dreams, aspirations, vibrancy index, all these things are cool. Those cities will remain cold where a person cannot order pizza because the intestines get damaged. If you want to eat bathua raita and this, where the focus is on bathware, although it is absolutely right, I also agree that there is no junk food.  One should eat, one should not drink alcohol, one should not do all this, but in the places where these stories are coming more, eat Bathua ka Raita, if you eat it like this, then there Bathua consumption will do that and not that much.  There are parameters and all this can be done and there are big investment firms and those who write these things, I call them these things, I can connect real estate with such things which are beyond imagination if you like.  Want a video, friend, we did not even imagine this, you linked it with real estate and you can extract its data also, you can check that he is not talking in such an air, then a smile will come on your face, if you want that video.  write down your imagination  beyond imagination is your thought beyond that means beyond what you can think so when I get this content beyond what you can think datchi ok so like this one share share tell me how did you like thank you