Yes Hello friends, this is a very important topic if you have invested in Gurgaon real estate as an investor and end user, especially if you have invested as an end user, this video has been triggered, it was forwarded to me by a subscriber, a famous person.  The builder has a project in Sector 104 Dwarka Access in front of which the home buyers were protesting. If you people would know then write the name of that builder in the comment section. There was protest happening because of delay, so I am not a builder spokesperson but I bring a perspective for you people and if you understand anything in that perspective, then you tell me the ground reality, I will tell you about the future, I will tell you what to do.  You will enjoy and please spread it on yourself. The date of RERA is given by a builder which was given in 2019 which was launched in January and February like this builder.  It happened in December 2018 so it had a rare date but in between 2 years were given to Covid, everyone knows it but now people have forgotten Covid but remember the time, don't know that there was Covid for 2 years, all the projects are minimum 2.  Now I will tell you the names of some projects which are running late for a year and I will tell you what to do and how to do them. The advantage of creating frustration is that you can get the deal at half the price.  Especially those who have invested from outside, these home buyers also feel that if there is a delay, then you can file a complaint in RERA, the builder is not giving the position of some part, we are also current, your pain can be completely understood. But you also enjoyed the appreciation. At what rate did you buy the flat of 1099 square feet? First, how much margin is there now? So, it has to be understood that the price which is under  If you apply for construction, I am telling you that if you get a certified and happy ready to move in house and the price appreciation is under construction, then this will not happen, you will have to go through two anxiety construction risks, delay risks, execution risks. Why do you have to suffer, you have to earn more money, otherwise I say simply, do not put any project under construction when  Once it is ready, take it after a while, but it is up to you to see whether you will be able to get the unit at that time of choice, whether you will be able to be so disciplined that you will be able to collect that money in this way in your life, whether the rate is out of your budget.  It will not go away because those who were thinking that in the last four-five years the pricing in Dwarka Expressway has been 2.3 times more than I would like. Recently a report has come out that in the last 5 years real estate all over India  Appreciation is shown on an average, in which Gurgaon is at the highest number one peak. In the last 5 years, the price in Gurgaon has increased by Rs. 160 to Rs. 160. At Rs. 160, it means that an item worth Rs. 1 will be worth Rs. 2260. It has increased in other places also.  And 83 73 that is also decent, Mumbai market, this market, that market, but you know this, now the price has increased, now it is time to get the thing.  The time structure is ready, I agree that delay is of course but in delay you see that it is the builder's fault in delay, no one is denying it but if mitigating factors say 100 if there are reasons for delay or 100 units of fault.  If yes, then it may be upto 30, 40, 50% of the builder's salary, but there is no work in winters, there are groping norms, labor issues due to rains. Issues Real estate has become so busy that so many projects have become such that the work has increased so much that the manpower is not that much, so you can hire laborers and bring them, but when the work is done with Mavan Construction, then you need a train of people.  You cannot bring anyone, you have to have its shuttering done, its solution has to be applied. I will not say that you need a person exactly like a civil engineer, but you need a lot of people like diploma holders, now inhouse who can do their own construction.  Let's do it in Gurgaon like Shobha who is on the payroll, whose shaper ji is on the payroll, Shobha's project which is going on in 108 sector, brothers and sisters, it has been completed for 8 years, it is being built for the last 8 years and minimum three-four.  If it takes more years, it takes 12 years to make what is the best, but it is slowly sold, Covid came in between, the project was big, I accepted the matter, but 12 years, Shaper ji, is a smaller project than that.  Shapar ji is an even bigger contractor. He is a very big contractor of India. He promised to deliver his first phase in 4 years but it was just launched in January 2019. By the time the last tower is delivered, it will be 2026 January i.e.  The best in the market is not above that, he is also taking 7 years, he is the best, he has worked even during Covid, he had in-house people even during Covid, so those laborers are not like that.  They were gone and we have to catch them and bring them back and all their work has been going on perfectly, everything is very good, people are also satisfied, construction quality is also good, everything is good but brother, it is the best for 7 years, you can see Godrej Meridian. How much time is it still taking? Look at Godrej Air. It is taking time there also. If you avail the RERA of Godrej Nature Plus, it is on time. Now what is the latest thing, I am telling you that earlier in RERA it would have been taken for four years.  Were And then there is an extension and this is what happens, now in RERA, the builder has to stay for seven years, keep watching this video till the end, do not go like this, oh you are talking like this about making money from this, I will also tell you what is there in the market.  This is what you have to realize that today the builder will complete the building in 7 years and is taking the money for 2.5 to 3 years ahead which is seeming expensive to the people. The prices being sold today are the prices after 2.5 years.  If you are asking for it For two and a half years, the matter will remain the same, many people, the signature is 37D, the pit is God's, the construction has started, don't pay the money in full now, let's go after taking the premium, let's take Godre Janit, how will you go out, brother, how will you take that pricing, that is, that foam in cooking.  It will take time to ripen. Recently, I had made a video a day or two ago, it got 10,000 views. I had told that whoever is a seller in the projects should contact me.  10000 views were seen and he mentioned the names of four projects like Shapar Ji has around 1500 apartments, Shobha has 1500, Lawn has 750 800 unsold, Godrej Meridian has 750, so total if we add then there are around 4500 apartment owners and that Video Goes to Mostly Groups Frustration I Presumes Mostly Atlist 4500  Out of these, at least 3000 must have seen it. Now those who have bought can be investors, can be end users and can be sellers who want to sell. Only I have got a single digit response. Can you believe it for sellers?  And even if I look carefully inside him, he is more interested in asking the rate and by looking at the rate he has quoted, it becomes clear that these people are not interested in selling.  There is no seller in the market, so I have tried it and in this video I am saying again in Gurgaon, but if you become a seller in Zenith, Godrej in Godrej Aristo Crate, then how can you become what you have become in Signature 37D.  How will you get an exit? If a person gives you a premium, the pit is not God, the execution risk is still the same, so what is the benefit to him, only when the thing is ready, all these will be sold.  That's why there is stock because including Hero Homes, there is stock in these because the structure is standing or your structure is standing, so you know that people have started living in it, people have started living in Shapar Ji and Shobha, Meridian also seems to be completely standing.  We have everything so now I feel that yes it will happen in 6 8 10 12 months. In Godrej Nature Plus you have to check for 2027 28. RERA has given 27 28.  The builder is wherever there is RERA and will build it as per his own requirement. If it is 2031, then look at Janit's RERA. If it is 2031, if it will be built in 7 years, then clap it, only then you will know that what you feel is the supply.  There is no supply. As if Delhiites want ready to move in, they come with it after selling their property. It is not possible to get it easily for the next six months. I believe it is ready to move in.  Move-in rates will increase a lot. In some cases, under construction will be shot. Brother, tell me, I have to pay Rs. 00 for under construction in 4 years, 5 years, 6 years and if I have to pay for ready-to-move-in today, then ready-to-move-in should be cheaper. But you will see that you will get ready to move in for Rs. 105 and it is worthless property. As they speak in the language of Haryana, worthless builders, the rate of their goods has increased in the market.  Those who have now got the projects worth Rs 100-100 crores, live in the disbelieve system that hey, what is this useless infrastructure, this is a useless infrastructure, this rate is useless, we will come forward, I will keep making videos in the future also because now there is a latest  Someone came to their first business standard, I said I will make a video, then their link is going viral on the internet, now one is going viral all over the place on real estate that real estate is nothing but eat and that and land.  There is no dearth of money, if everyone had this much then I will make a video beyond that if you want, so that you can give a complete story about why real estate is expensive, why this real estate is expensive and it will keep getting expensive only and inside this I will tell you more about the project.  Let me tell you the name, the signature is 37D, it is 81, that project is also of two years, as it was said, it seemed that four floors will be built, Covid came in between and then Haryana's policy also comes many times.  There are factors and still I am not giving a clean chit to the builder and that too at the builder's time. I feel like all the builders sometimes increase the rate of cement bars and say that they will not buy now or delay it for two-four months. They do it like this, the money has arrived and they eat the interest. Look, in RERA, money cannot move around in an account. They are doing it comfortably and they are looking at each other. No one is giving it in a hurry.  is like like  There is cartelization of airlines or hotels, everyone has increased the fees, increase the fees and some things are genuine about everything, cry about some things, sometimes do it like this, sometimes like telling the issues of main park, it is genuine, it is smart.  The world is smart, the world had said that low rise buildings will be built in 2 years, look at it in 3 years, even the low rise will not be built before four years and the high rise will not be built before 7 years, write it down somewhere. Because how many times has the policy been changed, first you can sell it at Rs 50, then at Rs 50 you will have to do frozen units, then it went on for one and a half year and then it was said that you can sell it at Rs 80, then the frozen put, then selling the frozen units, these are big issues, friend, it is not so easy.  This is to say that it will take that much time to develop the thing, but what is the good thing in it that people should not worry about, other than some names which are affordable, Mahira Jo  Unfortunately, mostly by the grace of God, nothing has gone wrong in this land period and what is going on, you have to see if there is any listed builder or the builder who is going to bring more projects like one more project from Herom.  If he is going to bring it then how can his intentions be bad? He has to sell the goods in the future also and the goods are his sold. Why won't he make a builder out of the sold goods? If his intentions can be bad then how can his intentions be bad? The goods have not been sold and he has no money. So understand.  If it comes in India then they have reputation further, they are listed players, even if they don't have a listed company in real estate, but they have a listed company somewhere in the stock market, so those things will also be played out in the market like that and  And let me tell you one interesting thing, you guys should calculate that if RERA of 2024 will be made in 2031 then will we have 2000 205 26 27 28 29  Ca n't we predict the supply that is going to come in 30? Do we need rocket science? If the announcement of 106 still has some delay, the first seven or eight towers have already been built and we have an idea of ​​when they will be built, so can I say this in my opinion?  We cannot write when and how much supply is coming here, so we can exactly calculate that supply that whatever rate it is, it will increase by holding all of them because those people who are buying them now.  There will be brothers and sisters who will sell their property and earn this income. Now no person in Gurgaon can buy property by taking a loan. It is a fact because how much can the salary be, brother, hit your limit, you will be rich in ₹ lakhs, the wife also earns.  If you invest one and a half to two lakhs, you can invest 5 lakhs, then income tax is paid on 5 lakhs, if it is more than 1.5 lakhs, then for 35 lakhs you have to pay rent, food, school children's fees, visas etc. So push the limit, push the limit, you will withdraw 2 lakhs, you will withdraw 1.25 lakhs, you will withdraw 2.25 lakhs, that is, push the limit, you will take a loan of 2 crores, you will break your FD, you will tear everything, you will also take money from father, mother, father-in-law.  If you take out Rs 50,60 lakh, 70 lakh from there then what is you getting even in Rs 2.83 crore? You are not getting anything, you are getting something, so please tell me, now you have the property.  Will there be inheritance or someone will buy now in Gurgaon? The age profile of the people who will get in will be 40 and 50. The businessman will buy. The one who is a startup crowd will buy. The one who sells to the Delhi crowd will buy. Or the one whose property has been sold somewhere else will buy the family property.  That you had invested in property somewhere in your 20s, it has increased, now you are in your 30s, you have to take money and loan, you will have to take everything in Gurgaon. To buy property, you will have to take loan, loan from mother-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, mother, wife, wife, everything is all in, even then it will not be taken from many people, this is the status, so now what guidance do I want to give through this video.  Listen carefully, if you raise these slogans then the value of your project will go down. Drop as many as you want. Do you think that by raising slogans you will put the builder to shame? The builder has a thick skin.  The problem is to go to RERA, it is government's RERA, you do not know where the address is, you cannot do it, go to RERA, go to RERA and give your complaint, who is refusing, if everyone goes, then it is not known whether the builder has any new solution.  He is coming, he is coming, he is coming, why are you doing this, who is doing this, who is standing there, is there a house owner there or not, I too can stand somewhere and say anything, oh hi, hi, hi too, not me, we  owner  If yes then show it with allotment letter and if you have allotment letter and you have BBA and it is delayed then brother, the process is to go there, first of all go to RERA and protest in front of RERA, still it will make a difference if something like this happens.  You will do this so that they will still guide you, because what happens just by protesting, I have seen this protest, this is what happens when the general rates were increasing, were increasing, were increasing, now 15  Brother, 16 Hajj has come, leave it now, now it has to happen that these ones which were of premium segment, were not of ultra luxury, their rate has become 15000, now will you take them to the moon, now if not like such a rocket, then now it will be like this.  It's been some time now friend, why haven't you got it now, why not in 2023, why not do it, it is getting delayed, it is lagging behind, it is going on, why didn't you do it because the reason is the reason for this, this is a simple reason.  This is a game of demand and supply of the market. As long as the rates keep increasing by thousand feet every day, everyone remains calm until it seems that there has been a little delay, it has been delayed for six months, brother, please check, era.  Have they got an extension? As far as I know, during Covid, the government had given one year extension to all the builders, whatever was their date, and now these projects of different towers have been launched.  These have been done according to each tower and different RERA has been taken according to each tower. But I am not a good thing in the same project. If there is only one project then there should be only one RERA. I will sell one of its towers. After 4 years RERA again.  These are two towers after one year, they are rare for four years, five years, then like this, or many people are now taking only seven years straight so that there is no problem so that they will be sold in the market, they talk like a vegetable, don't go to anyone.  eat you  You will get it in 40 minutes, then give it to him in 38 minutes, you said 20 minutes and when it was 22nd minute, he did not come, did not come, did not come, did not come, did not come, so how many times have I told this through videos, I am telling it again.  It is a high rise, anyone can say anything as per their wish and it will not be available before 7 years. Today all the builders are smart and they are taking only 7 years. I have also told the names of two projects which will be launched in 2024.  Go to RERA and check the certificate, if the date of 2031 has been given, then they are taking it for 7 years, so they will make it in the same amount as they are taking, there is no need to make them sooner than that and they will make it as per their own, many people have become rich slowly.  It will be sold slowly, many will be sold according to the tower, many will be sold by increasing the rates, it is up to the builder as to how to sell, it is okay, he has time of 7 years and in low rise, now the low rise is more.  Those which are not being launched, the government has just come in Haryana, otherwise not much work is going to be done regarding change of land use, hence the supply is going to be very limited. If you become your own Jagga Jasoos sitting at home today, then give. What projects will be ready in 2025 26 27 28 29 30 31 is in your hands because the one which will be launched after two months will be ready in 2032 itself. I can tell you about the supply and the demand is fully predicted from where and how much is going to come, that is why these rates are seen so high in the market during this bull run and I myself am saying that if the rates are visible today after 2 years then 2  If you see the rates after a year, they will seem expensive but they are for two years, maybe after 2 years the rates will be for the next two years, just like discounting the future in the stock market, sometimes there is a lag in real estate.  But in the bull run market, real estate also demands the future price today itself whether there will be shortage in future. He sees the market. Who is that market, that market is like us, I am the market, you think this, I am the one who is telling you if the shape  You have to give it to the market, this is a shaky market, just think that it is the supply that is being told to you today that brother, when a person's child will have to live on rent, then the demand will increase, the demands will increase and things will not be available on rent, when the rentals will go up.  So Property rates will also go up and builders have shown a lot of wisdom in the last 4 years as to how they have controlled their launch speed. Let me tell you another good thing - such videos with real estate awareness youtube2 This thing sales reduced by  If there were less sales on 20 units as compared to last year then we would feel that oh sales are decreasing but below it it will be written that the sales have also reduced if last year 100 units had come in the market.  And 90 were sold late, so this year only 70 were sold late but only 75 came in the market, now what will you do if 75 came, 70 were sold but the 70 sold is less than 90, but still brother, we are in this.  To find the term, you have to solve: Inventory Over Hang. What is Inventory Over Hang? How much is the total inventory and in how many months is the current pace of absorption? Any inventory overhang which is less than 24 months will be sold. It is considered very very healthy in the worst periods of real estate when the goods were not selling and economic conditions, demonetization and whatever you put it. In the most negative times, the inventory was up to seven years.  This year i.e. 84 months to 90 months, those 84 and 90 numbers will be in single digits in some markets.  It has come in 10 months, 11 months, 16 months and in that too, in the big projects that the builder is launching right now, he is saying that he will launch this last tower at a price of 0000 feet, as per what is being said in the market right now, and  We can't believe it after hearing this but he says that brother, I will do it after 5 years, I am not doing it now, I will do it after 5 years, I will do it in 0000 feet, I am currently in 20, but I am not going to take it till then.  I will take it and I will launch it then it will be made even more late, so if something is launched only after 4 years, then it will take 3 more years to be made, it will sell itself easily, so the rates are not decreasing anywhere in the market, which has to be bought.  Be sure to restructure your property. Anyway, it is not possible to take a loan in Gurgaon, so it has to be taken in restructuring, so if any property is not doing well for you, it is not doing well, you can keep the handkerchief, you can pay at Rs. 20-30.  Yes, and you can buy all yours, buy only after selling some of it. Count all the people who have come to the exit at 30, the total is not 100 people in Gurgaon, but the total is not 100, you will get 20-30 in signature 37d.  510 will be found in Shad Zenith 510 will be found in Aristo Crete These are 510 people and these people have 99  Aker magic brake dealers are everywhere in the comment section of the users. Sell it everywhere, sell it, sell me, save me, save me, so what is it, tahi maam, tahi maam, tahi maam, it looks like these 100 people have shaken it like this. This is a market, this is a big secret, I want to tell you, these are so many in number, these are the names of the projects, I told you, there are so many available in the market, so many are available, so many are available.  Take it, then take it, take it from them because this is the region where the structure is not standing, why take it in resale? Today I am going to give a guideline to you people, listen carefully to you people, there is no benefit in resale in buying where the structure is not standing completely. You missed it earlier, now you come when the payment is done at Rs 70, then you will get a good deal and if any brother wants to give it now, then it is called distress sale, it will be sold at ₹ 1 less than the rate at which it was taken.  I am saying ₹ 1 foot, I am the minimum, it is okay, do n't think that you are a big villain, you people pay this much at the time of selling the rate, you people are like this, tell me one thing, what will you get by abusing these selling tubers and builders?  If you abuse them, it affects their health. No, you are dirty. Yes, you are dirty. Politicians are dirty. Businessmen are dirty. Brokers are dirty. YouTube is dirty. The middle class is good, the poor old man is dirty. Middle class whom he fools every time, isn't it the rate? You people have made the rates so bad. Yes, someone is needed to take the rates up. The rates of these movie tickets have also increased, don't you ever get a rupee?  Once upon a time it was available for Rs 5, it was available for Rs 400. Yes, it is not working now. Yes, it is not working. Then the rates have not reduced. You cannot go and watch any movie at Rs 0. You are so beaten down. Cinema hall Burga would be lying vacant even then.  You can't go like this and say, I will watch it in ₹, it will not be available in PVR, its ticket rate has been fixed, below that you cannot go and watch it. The restaurant in a five star hotel remains empty most of the time, but go there and you will get a coffee for Rs. 50. You will get a sandwich, you will get 0, it is empty, friend, this is not how they are sold, you have to understand that you people can also get plane tickets very cheap, even an empty plane is going, but if it is not below a limit, then it is in the market.  Focus on the supply, whether you accept the demand, FOMO is created or you can say, brother, I don't know what the demand is, there could be a lie in it, there could be a lie in the supply, go and see for yourself whether Maggi is there or not. She will be like this in a month. Look, if a lady gets pregnant then you can say that she will have a child after 9 months, then how many ladies are pregnant in India today, then according to that you can say that she is pregnant for two months.  If yes, then the child will come in 7 months or in three. Can you make some predictions exactly? Real estate is also the same thing, brother, today we can predict exactly how much supply will come in the next six years and seven years because so many projects have been launched. We can tell that whatever will be launched today, brother, it is a high rise, multi- story high rise, they are launching a golf course that will not come before 2032, because till date they have No one even gave it. I told you so well that in last 7 years, Shaper ji is taking the best, no one can be better than him, when all his other goods were also sold, in 2022, all his goods will be sold.  Even after this it takes so much time, other people have also sold a lot of goods and will sell all of them in 6-7 years, there must be some situation that the goods will not be sold in 7 years, some 50 units, 100 units, 150 units, whatever.  It will be sold gradually, sometimes Diwali discount, sometimes this discount, sometimes New Year, sometimes Happy New Year, sometimes Holi, sometimes Independence Day, all the goods, you know this payment plan, that payment plan, increased the discount, gave that discount, all the goods will be sold, sooner or later it is okay.  But you have to see how much is the supply and then take a call. If you want to buy a house and want to live in this city then don't wait, nothing is going to be cheap if it is priced at Rs 121000. If it comes, it will come near Pataudi, this Rewari Expressway of yours will open now, Pataudi Rewari Highway will come there, 121000 will come there and when that rate will be said 11 122000, then you know that in 11 122000 there is GST also, EDC is also there, IDC is also there.  There is also PLC and there are charges for intimidation and that too after getting that done. 123 will be increased to 13 and its density will also be higher because if it is above it then its FR will be 4 4.5 4.5 If the government opens it up to 4.5 then you will get the thing of 42 FR, then you will have to understand that all these things are not going to reduce now when 2 crores  Plus lows have risen in gold, so now you extrapolate what the rate is going to be on this side, right now I am saying that whoever wants to buy in resale should buy.  The structure and position is ready, you can get it within a year, you can get it within six months to one year and the next person has almost made the payment, he wants to save the cost of registration because what will he sell after getting registered, you also know the cost of registration.  It takes around 9 or even 9, as they say, but the government has added some charges to it, it is very close to 8, where it is written that it is 7.  It is also worth eight, six is ​​written where it is worth seven, so when a person wants to save, if he is getting something, then pick it up, then you will get it right, then those who sell in resale do not sell and whoever can buy is getting it.  So take this, no one is interested in the market, I have tried everything, 10000 views are not less, 10000 views are not less because only those people who are interested in the Gurgaon market are watching and those projects. I know that whoever makes it, the things go on those groups, everyone has made groups, so the sellers in them are only in single digits, I have got only single digits within the four projects, the owners are in single digits, so the rates are  Hold on to the latches that are available now and there is a lot of juice in the current pricing as well. I don't see the above price increasing much. The latches that are coming will not increase much but this gap is seeing it getting reduced.  I am talking about resale because whoever needs a house needs a house, his immediate rent is saved. His wife has said that the father-in-law had given only Rs 20 lakh to get a house for his daughter. Was it my answer or was it a gift?  Now it is not the son-in-law's choice to do theta, he has already hit 40 and his children are 12 and 14 years old, it has been 151 years of marriage and he says brother to me.  So how much are you getting? If you want to buy it in full, then there is a lot of demand in the market and the supply is very less. Check it yourself. Do n't get carried away by the feeling. Count the names of all the projects. How many are coming in 111 and which one in 12? Hey, many of the houses are lying vacant, doors have not yet been installed, mirrors have not been installed, bathrooms have not been built, sewerage has not been installed, electricity has not been installed, it will remain empty, but it has been bought by someone and there is a loan going on from his brother so that he can come into it.  Will it remain or will it be given on rent and many people are waiting for rent also and will do so and the rates will also increase as the biggest thing is the secret of Dwarka Expressway is that in one to one and a half years you will have such big offices in Arrow City. Spaces are being built, a lot of crowd of Delhi will shift to that office space and all the people with that office space will be on rent on Darka Expressway because it will be at a distance of only three to four kilometers and four to five minutes distance.  I was the one who was asking who will stay here, where are the offices coming, offices are not visible here, they will come here too in two-three years, you will see many coming to the offices, but today I saw what is being built. Told because no one is able to link it there, something is happening inside IOC Aero City, Bharat Nandana Park is happening, many things are being built, so as soon as it gets built in one two-three years, you will see all the links up.  If you see it happening then you will not get it here again  The demands will not be met and if any of you are still buyers in this project then please connect, if you are a seller then connect, I am making it again and again, you have to sell, you are scared, you are late, you are big.  If you are worried, if you are really very worried, then sell it in the market. What is the problem? If you don't come out then why can't you wait? You are in anxiety. Yes, the builder is dirty. Who am I saying? All builders are dirty, all businessmen are dirty. All the people who earn money are dirty, everyone is dirtier than anyone else, only those who do these jobs, this middle class is good, so now tell me, now you are good and all these are dirty, now tell me what to do, tell me what to do, you know.  It's gone, it's cleared, yes now peace has come, no, politicians are also dirty, actors are also dirty, all the rich people are dirty, all are taking advantage, everyone has increased the rates, so you who are sitting after buying, be patient, there are many people from groups. Now inside I am the same, there is fraternity but there are many people who do property work, live in groups, they have also bought and it is as if the definition is not mine, I am feeling that I am telling my definition is fine and these people  This kind of frustration is spread. It is very easy to spread frustration. The sky has fallen, the sky has fallen, the sky has fallen. Start speaking, start speaking loudly, start speaking again and again. If published in newspapers, if the sky has fallen, then people will  You will start running somewhere without any hope and you don't know where you will go if the sky falls down then where will you be left but you will see that it happens in that also and that much makes a difference, a little sales come, that much breath comes in any project.  Do it, some of you people say whether it is easy to increase or decrease the rate in the project, you tell me is it easy or listen to the stories, I can increase or decrease the rate by speaking, there is no point in decreasing it, anything, four stories.  Tell me, whatever story is not a false story, it is absolutely right, tell me, he will check, yes, it is like this, ideally, the market has priced it, the market knows everything, people do not know at the individual level, like there is a share market.  So they are proud of the market, all the stories, when Covid came, the market fell very badly and when in reality people were dying in 2000, the next year when the delta wave came and so many people were dying then the market was rising, why?  The market has released 1 2 But we will die, the market is emotionless, we are all emotionless, we will also have greed, we will also have fear, we will have many emotions, but the market is not like this, the market runs only on demand and supply. There is always a saying that no matter who will sell, people are sitting with patience. In the long run, the money will transfer from the patient investor to the patient one. Your Charlie Manger is a very intelligent man, a patient person, and all the patient people will give him money, everyone will give him money, all brother sir, it is not possible for us, hi hi hi hi hi, go and talk to the company, hi hi, you have to do it. Take a little bit, he is also not refusing but take the help of RERA and this is not good, there is no benefit from this, we have confidence in it, so what will happen to you, what will happen due to that, he will get defamed, even if he gets defamed, he will be famous.  Have you been here?  Do n't think it is making any difference and are getting even more lazy, now do what you will do and that thing will be made, by the time there will be an uproar, someone will take cognizance, the thing will be made, you have reduced the rate to 00 by complaining, just think this, when the builder gives you the goods.  So the goods are yours now, what do people think? People think of it like Ola scooter, they think that Kamra has spoken and its servicing is not good, its lion has fallen, it is not like that here, this is real estate, it is you.  Is that a scooter?  There is something worth 20 30 50 thousand one lakh, it has got spoiled, it has become infamous, something has happened, the story is real, this is a project, brother, it is yours, he has sold it, you are the owner, he is going to paint it and tile it in six months.  Keep calm, what is the delay, is it off course, should there be resentment from the builder, should there be any ruckus, should it be created, but take the help of RERA because wherever you will be high, many people will make videos of it and will harass you 20 kilometers away for their own benefit.  They will give you 000 feet expensive thing and say this one is good and then you will say yes yes this one is good 20 kilometers away it is 000 feet expensive and this is what is happening, we see it every day because what is new is good, old is useless, new is good, old.  Useless, move forward, hold back, leave behind, hold forward, leave behind, all the projects behind are better, I am telling this to the coming ones, all the coming ones are dense and what is this density, you will know yourself one day when you will be okay and someone else.  There is no choice, these will also be sold, those will also be sold, patience is ok, so you will have to apply your mind in many things and every person who is in the market is on the other side, like in this case, we seem to be on this side, it seems that we are You are bowling, you are a batsman, okay, so the bowler will not be asked to bowl fast, he will have to do the batting, put your feet properly, put the bat properly, put the helmet properly, put the L guard, put your elbow guard.  Get involved and learn a little batting, it is not a choice, you will not get anything by crying, no government is going to come here and say that free electricity, free water, free house, free house, government, this is my video that brother, real estate is high in India and will remain.  What is the dynamics of high end and why is it there? Only the middle class is crying in this too. Actually the rich do not cry. The more rich are the more rich, flats worth Rs. 100 crores are coming. All the dhalias of DLF will be booked just once. Such news will come, how many were all sold out? Goods worth Rs. 32000 crores were sold out in two days, we didn't even know who were who, who are who, then they will remain and then they will be resold and it will be published in the newspaper after 5 years.  And the one worth 100 crores was also sold for 150 crores, then you or who has so much money, this is also a different story, so I hope you all understood. Share, Like, Subscribe to the channel, Gold of the channel. Take membership and you will get reviews. Clear cut cut guidelines of best projects of Gurgaon real estate. By doing this and this, you will also get a chance to attend free webinars. There is an info group in the comment section. If you are already ready.