Hello friends, this is a very important video, especially for those people who are in transferable jobs, due to any reason they are not able to stay at one place, they have to go to different places and there are many such people, they are inside the corporate, they are in government jobs, they are youngsters.  You may be in your 20s or you may be in your 30s. Real estate is very important for decision making. I want to give you one information. Please understand carefully where you will be.  After a year, you don't necessarily know that you may be in different places, be it a big city or a small town. You don't even have an idea where you want to settle. So when you do n't have an idea where to settle, where to settle, then you can take your mutual fund.  If you try to play fund mutual fund, then the up cycle of real estate is going on and the boom is going on and the pan is hot and will remain hot, it will not wait for you, then what to do, let me tell you a strategy.  to the people  In this strategy, you people do not agree, how much do you make, let us tell you, you are a group officer in the government, who is of my core audience level or you work in a corporate, basically your salary is above 80 thousand.  It is one lakh and a half lakh, quarter lakh, two and a half lakh, two and a half lakh and maybe your wife and husband also work, then the eligibility increases a little further, then you should see.  That is, if you are from Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, I am taking your name here, that is why I have to say that normally I do not like it, but if you want to give clarity, then you will have to tell openly and you come from backward districts there and you have no intention of going there and settling.  Maybe you are from Basti, you are from Samastipur, you are from Arrah, you are from Munger, you are from Ballia, you are from Supaul, you are from Mirzapur, you are from Robert Ganj, you do not want to go because your children will not study or work there or your  If you don't feel like it, there could be any reason, then which place will you buy property? The question is, I will also help in the answer. You want to buy in Gurgaon, you want to buy in Delhi, maybe you have run out of your budget, you are in Pune.  You can buy it in Ahmedabad but you have nothing to do there. You can buy it in Bangalore, you have nothing to do with it. You can buy it in Chennai. You can buy it in Kolkata. If you have nothing to do there then I would suggest. If you are on North Indian setup then  Pune is one good option for you people and there are products which are in the category of 80-90 lakhs and in the category of 1.25 crores where the money will go easily in 4 years. You can see that as soon as you say this proposal to your wife, the wife will say, 'Hey, we are here, you are here'.  Do n't know if you want to stay there then why are you buying it? Hey Madam, because the gold rate is increasing, the set you want to buy is not made or you don't know about it or it is not in your budget.  Because it is worth seven tolas to you, the budget of your husband is four tolas but gold is running away, so it is better to buy something rather than not buying. After 10, 15, 20 years, when there will be some decision making, then we will sell something.  You can sell, you can do something, it will become an athlete, it will become an inflationary time, notes are being printed under pressure and the value of money is decreasing, the government will suppress spending for elections. Interest rates are also coming, they may go down even further, nothing will come of money and everyone is taking it, now you need to take a little, there you belong to a place where you cannot take it, do not want to take it, will not take it and where to take it.  You do n't know that as a result, if you are not able to get anywhere then that asset is going through cycle. I have made a facility for this. If you go to the comment section, you will get a telegram group about my real estate. You join it. A poll is going on there.  has been and i  Through this medium, I will ask from here also, I will ask two things, there also you can participate and write in the comment section, it will be even better by going there. In which city are you more interested? Bullish in Gurgaon, Pune, Ahmedabad, Mumbai, Chennai.  In Kolkata, Bangalore, Jaipur, Chandigarh, these are some cities' choices and polls are going on there, you can participate in it and another poll is going on there in which price segments are also written.  Where you are more interested 50 to 70 lakh 70 to 90 lakh 90 to 1 crore 1 crore to 1.25 crore to 1.25 crore to 1.5 to 2. By doing this, there are different segments where you have more interest, then I will keep bringing real opportunities.  And real for you people, you will know the price and nothing else, sister, there is no cost to watch, neither does a window shopper, he can come and see that projects and products. Where is K Rate Across India because there is no stock exchange near you? CNBC came and the ticker is moving below N P 3200 reliance1. There is no way, it is I who will tell you, open all your diaries.  There is a journey of real estate education on which you have to remain constant. Don't sleep like this, you will wake up in three months. Hey, so much has happened, you were getting so much now, so stay in the journey because when?  When your luck runs out, your father-in-law's heart falls on you and he says, Son, you have been keeping my daughter with so much love for so many years, then you should get some reward, it may happen that sometimes you have to be prepared, father-in-law 's mood is good.  Whether it is my father's, whether I get any bonus, if any lottery opens, then I should know something somewhere or whether I will go to get education on that day, first of all brother, which thing do I want to buy, now you tell me, then explain, then we are poets. Convincing is a process because when you have been in real estate for many years, in knowledge, when you see what I always call phenomenon, be always in the market, buy, not buy, always be in the market, you should know what is happening, where, what.  What is the rate, how much is the appraised, how much is the density, how much is the carpet, how much is the rental, how much is the rental yard, what is the story, what is the under construction, is the payment plan, is it made, is it branded.  It is unbranded, everything should be known, all the cities should be known because in future, property management firms will come in the big way in India, America, Canada and everyone lives there, these are some of the names, go and check yours, it is JOLO, it is Stan, it is living, it is NEST. Away is Oyo life, you will find many like this and write about them. They are coming. Earlier some came in bachelor living, now some are coming in young couple living. They take it on rent. Apps will come, a lot of things are coming, so there is no problem, like if you buy shares, then to buy shares of such a relay, you go to their factory, it is a big company, it has industrial units, so you buy it and that is all over India.  If you are working then in the same way now it is not necessary that in the future, if you want to buy a property then your situation should be such that you should buy it there because the rentals are good in big cities, the appreciation is good and Buying property in a big city will become impossible in the future, you can buy it in a small one, you can buy it in a small one by selling it at any time, but you cannot buy property in a small city and buy it in a big city, so when you people who  You are roaming here and there in transferable jobs and you don't know which one should I take, what should I take, why should I take, how should I take, then all these things will be explained to you very well. Join the telegram group.  All you have to do is get the information, you will participate in the polls, neither I am alone nor you are doing the polls, there are thousands of members in it, it means a lot, your vote is done by this C voter and this Chanakya and all this, exit polls are much better than that.  Because its sample is very large, voting in thousands is a good size sample size. Okay brother, if so many people have voted then who has interest in which place and which properties have interest in which place. You will get to see the results, you will get to participate and you will also get information and as a creator, I will get direct feedback as to what you guys are most interested in because I am bringing things to all the big cities pan India. Apart from these cities, if there is any other city of yours which has been missed out and you want to enter it then please write it in the comment section and they will also be included for starters for now.  That's all, please join the telegram group given in the comment section, it is real estate telegram group. Thank you very much.