Hello friends, do you know from today's time what activity has happened 5-6 days ago, the announcement has been made, as a result of which some people are making mistakes in real estate investment, one of which has been seen is that they are investing money in small shares in Haryana. From the beginning, I will tell you how to check your things in any statement and what mistakes you should not make. I will tell you why there is a tax on putting it in small letters. Brother, the circle rate is 18-19-20000.  70 80 90 thousand means you have understood, everyone is intelligent, you subscribe to me, he is above the intelligent, a hint is enough for the intelligent, some of you are in between genius and intelligent, so you have understood what is that, but now what is that?  There are some places where there is a feeling but the fact of life is its value. I am telling you from the example of that small town of Haryana which is not on GT Road. Do you know which one is on GT Road? Gurgaon is the best and the best lion of Haryana, but you are going to these small lions, dishonest Hisar and this belt, Jind, Jind and this Sir, whatever is yours here, is going to you. Note worth it, the population of those lions is coming in your future.  There is less honey, there is no increase, already you can check how many there were in 2011 census and now whose data of elections has not come, you can go to the Election Commission's site and see the water. Take it because through elections you can also get to know the total water of the district, look at the city, look at the city, there is one left which is coming a little from the village, but there people of 22 to 40 years of age are missing in these lions. Retired people will go, old people will live among the lions and there is no growth of the city. According to the population, it is realistic that so many plot cats have been given, so many plot cats have been given, people 55 thousand 60 thousand.  65000 70 thousand 7580 A options are being made, Hooda's plots are being made, HSVP is being made according to what he says and people are taking it, that is, everything in the option has to be given clean, still the rates are so much, the program of the other one is also going on completely. And they are becoming very satisfied because people are saying that yes, this is the rate, there is no underlying value in it, so brother, the rent is your one floor of 10 marl.  It comes to Rs 10,12,000 and the rent of one room in Gurgaon which you must have seen in the old society is Rs 20 to 25,000 in the golf course, that is a camera of EWS, please do not put it in the small shares which are available wherever you are.  I am hearing that economic activity will increase in big cities only by holding big cities and it is safe. In every small city you can buy the middle of a big city at any time and small towns at any time. 500 yards in a small city, 250 in a big city in the middle, you cannot buy 250 yards in a top city, you know about this thing, so this opportunity you have got for investment is a black swan event.  Taking advantage of what has happened, you should do research where you can start investing money, but these are the top 10 cities of India, whatever you like, according to your community, according to the colloquialism, according to your very belonging to you.  According to South India, West India, North India, please do this city thing and don't spend money on stories and small lions. As the villages are getting emptied, migration from small lions to big lions will also go on, at least it will not go down from the state capital.  Less than 1 and one is my WhatsApp group, I will post it to you at the top of the comment area, there I understand these things in more detail, I understand them according to the data, I understand by looking at a few more stars, I answer your queries, then you  You can join that also Thank You Very Match