Hello friends, property investment in today's times, June 24th is the time and I have been conducting my workshop for a long time webinars on this but today I want to share this opinion with you people through video, if you are interested in Indian real estate  If you want to invest in today 's time, then before investing in some things, I would like to tell you where not to invest, I will tell you that please do not invest in commercial, any commercial, any commercial, okay and in office also in this  I don't want to do it, now they will say oh no no, look at the performance of the top three REITs of India for the last 5 years, look at their vacancy rates, there is Brookfield, there is Embassy Group, there is Mind Space and their rental lands are coming just at 66 and a half.  Only and no capital appreciation has happened in all three of them, one or two are incurring losses since the last four years, so this is the condition of our best of the best commercial, so speculatively it is very good, residential has not performed  Very well rental earnings have gone up but now if we look at investment in Gurgaon market then we will find very less things now because everything has become costly for 4, 5, 6 years so normal common man feels proud out, so for you people  There will be some options. I will stay in Bangalore. I will stay in Pune. I will stay in Chennai. I will stay in Kolkata. You will have to take a pick. I know it's very difficult for a North Indian to tell his father that I am staying in Pune. In Bangalore, he will say Bawdi.  He has asked if he ever stays there then who will take care of him, this is a webinar, I will give you answers to these four questions, you can join, inside the comment section you will find a webinar info group, there is no choice, tell father, papa, 70 lakhs, 80 lakhs  If you can get me some property somewhere else then buy a plot, yes buy the plot in Jind, what is the rate there and what will be the rental amount there and what will be the session, where should I buy, buy in Hisar, buy in Rohtak Where will Faridkot, Firozpur buy, Samastipur, Ballia, Ara's one will buy, where will Supal's one take, what will they take, you tell me where will Robertsganj's one take, where will Basti's one take, where will Amroha's one take, the people there who have come to the big cities and do not want to go to UP and Bihar How many people want to settle in Fatehabad? You tell me, there is no place in Haryana that belongs to that place but do you want to settle there? Will your job not be there? My parents are staying there but their assets are already there, so where will you buy now? 60 Your budget is 70-80 lakhs, so the things in your budget are not available in the cities where you want to buy it and you already have pathological property in your pathological city, so in the coming time you people will have to understand these things.  In the coming time, property management firms will come up, there is Zolo, Nestaway, Stanly, Oyo Life and many such startups are coming up. In the next three to four to five years, top builders will start their own Vertical management firms are going to do this, it will do good to the real estate sector, these things already happen in America and Canada, they only manage, rent out, do this, do that, they do the same work across, I live on one side, property is on the other side of Gurgaon  That too is managed by someone, no one goes there himself, so today that property is in Pune, Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, anywhere, it can be managed, this is a good place  You have bought it at a good ticket size, yes it is not easy to earn money, yes this decision making will have to be done and yes a lot of people are taking it and they are benefiting because the rental leads are high there, the properties become cash flow positive, the payment plans are very good and the properties  Are not speculative you will get a return of 10 to 12 per cent in absolute returns since your money goes like 25 per year over further years your returns will be 16 to 70 per cent if you  Do it on single you still don't sell them you hold them and then the capital appreciation even it falls down to 789 per which is inflation linked then the rental rate of 5 to 6 per kicks in yes 5 to 6 per then the combined return is  still 13 14 but initially it was 18 but you put this on Excel 15 years it became 15 at ah I spoke English like this I did this Excel Shiksha Shiksha I didn't see anything so that's why it is for only those people who understand the things because  I am not going to explain everything here, I am not going to get into an argument, mutual fund is right for you, go and invest in mutual fund, a boy in mutual fund tells me, Guruji, you are absolutely right about mutual fund, I am 29 years old, 10 times  My piggy bank has broken, he says she doesn't go away, he says it would have been better if I had bought a house by now because who sends me a room, bathroom or something like that.  He asks that I sent one kitchen sink, I needed it, the Gulak does not break, nor the Ulka of real estate does not break, if you bought it then take it from him, then when the rental comes you can do anything with that rental, invest in mutual funds  You can do it, you can pay EMI, you can get income tax rebate, all the work can be done and then you can buy many, many properties with that. This is how Robert Gasa has bought 15,000 properties, it is the same model, get rich and follow it.  Do it, it is not as directly easy as it is in America, but brother, it is not possible to have 15,000 rupees, but you can definitely have 15 properties in 15 years, I am also promising this much towards this, I am teaching many things, soon I am launching a ramp to  Real estate mentoring program where I teach real estate, the fees are quite high, the course is of two hours, there is one class, there will be seven to eight to nine such classes, if you want to join it, you can get a very good education in real estate of India.  You can become a consultant, you can become number two or three, one I will be there, two three, if any of my students will be there then you can also become one, so everything is taught and understood in it because that is very important for you people to join that  Of course you will be witness to 70 to 100 crores worth of real estate transaction in your own life of your own people that is you, yourself, your parents, your in-laws, your relatives, your brothers, your children, your own transactions like say you sold a flat worth 2 crores then  When I bought it, it became a transaction of Rs 4 crore. My father 's property worth some 1.5 crore was sold. Then I bought something worth 1 crore, so it became a transaction of 2.5 crore. In the next 40 years, whoever is listening to me right now and whose age is less than 40 and  You are listening to me now, in the next 40 years you will see transactions of 80, 90, 100 crores, so if you learn about it well then  How much value is it for your money, so whoever wants to join for rum two, my course is going to start this month, you can write rump two, two because one is already done, so this is a real estate mentoring program, where in you can start earning  There will be hundreds of benefits from knowing real estate but you will learn to earn from real estate. You will stand out in the market. These will not be the people who move around, meaning your level will become very high. You may even get a job, I do not guarantee that you will get one at that level.  I am not doing it but your level will be much higher than those who work in real estate, it will be much higher, it will be practical, I will tell you that thing, otherwise give a guarantee of just one thing that we will leave this world and go away, does anyone else give any guarantee other than this  So he is giving wrong information, so I am not giving any guarantee, I am not telling you what the syllabus is, I am just saying that you will become great, that's all I am telling you, people say no, no, tell me the syllabus, course content, course content is the biggest money earner  That is it, I told you that, I will take money for telling you that, you want to hear the course content, what was taught, explained. I will take money for that also and I will take only that much money as the course fees, so just attend the course, okay now you have a big attitude friend, yes yes, a little bit happens a lot, what to do because it is a leap of faith  This is a thing which no one is teaching or telling, this kind of thing is not available in the market, I explain it practically and you will not find a single slide in the whole course, think that you will find some study material or you will find slides  You will not get it either, this is also a guarantee, it is completely desi, I will speak exactly as I am speaking, yes, if you make notes, you will definitely get the recording, you will definitely get the recording and you can make your own notes and you can make them again from the recording, so I hope this is a good opportunity  There is some opportunity to learn in the summer, everyone can join, thank you very much, go for properties which are less than one CR, this is the advice, go for properties which are less than one CR, if you find a good builder in a good location in a good city, then get a good builder look you can't go color in them no no who is like that  You will take care of it, you will see, earning money is never easy, people work in a job of Rs. 40,000 from morning till evening for 30 days and then 365 days, so if there is a property that is getting appreciated, then sometimes one will have to go there also, it can be taken care of through technology And when a person buys a property, he feels stressed and when he buys 101, then that work gets done automatically, so instead of buying 101 CRs at one place, if he wants to buy one place for investment, then he should buy one CR at each place from five places.  can be bought for Rs. 10000 or for Rs. 80 lakhs at seven places. They can be sold anytime. Liquidity is high. Rents also increase quickly because they are at the bottom of the pyramid. By fully furnishing the properties, good rents are also obtained.  So subscribe to the channel, like it, you can write a ramp to the given number, if you want to join the real estate mentoring program and want to attend the channel's info webinars which are free, then you will get an info in the comment section  You will get a webinar group, you can join it. Thank you very much.