Hello friends, this is a very simple small topic, which builder 's goods should you buy in Gurgaon real estate, then the very simple consistent advice is buy only from listed players, in the entire Gurgaon real estate, I can't think more than one person's name, builder who is not listed.  I do n't know if someone will come in the future but those who are going to buy, they are also listed. I don't take the name of builders for deliberation. I have explained its reasoning earlier in a half video, there are many builders in the listed space, they operate in every ticket size, there are those from Bombay, there are those from South, there are those from North, all of them are comfortable, take any of them, don't take from anyone else.  Because which property will you be taking first? You will be taking the second one. Beat your hands, you will be taking the third one and the fourth one. If he is taking more than the fourth one then he is the same wise man who has already taken four. He does not need more.  On the basis of guidance, why go to someone else because the risk reward ratio is not favourable, some projects are coming towards New Gurgaon, some of the builders are not going to build, they do not have the strength to build, but that is that now when the real estate  If the donkey is running, the horse is lame, the donkey is lame, the horse is lame, everyone is running in pieces, it is very difficult to recognize them because there is a lot of dust, everyone is running, everyone is walking, so now  If you don't know this then I am saying stay on the horses only, there is no need to go on the donkey also and the lame pitcher is the donkey and the lame horse is the lame horse, the one who used to be a builder is lying dead, the banker is blacklisted but is sitting with the land parcel.  If it is a donkey, then you know what a donkey is. Okay, and I told you about a lame horse. A lame horse is one which was once good but is no longer good because it belonged to a different time.  It belonged to another era, now it has nothing to do with it, so don't go towards those builders, the horses of today are listed, then there is one more half builder whom I can say is also good but his is a limited one.  There is only one project in residential, there is only one project of that builder, there is no one else, which builder is it, keep his name, everyone's GK is also tested, many of my subscribers' GK is good, okay, let me tell you immediately.  There is only one in the comment section, according to me, I don't see the other one as of now. Those who are coming to Gurgaon reality are also listed, so be safe, be with listed players, other wise, risk reward ratio is not favorable.  People will come and say, I am a new player, give me a chance brother, no, it is not necessary, okay, first of all, I will not take the example and the next one will be okay, so it is clear to you.  I told you, now don't ask again and again, first of all ask the question, is he a listed player? Hey, there are many products of listed players and more are coming too. If I count, then according to me you guys also write the names. According to me, there are eight or nine listed players.  Listed in Gurgaon Real Estate which means it is listed on the stock market, it is eight or nine, according to me, if you can be 10, 11, 10, then it is okay, that means there are eight and nine, okay, as many as you are. Count them and that is their bathare, their bathare projects are already being built, are being launched, are about to be launched, so it is not that there is no choice, so when there is a choice, then just stick to them, don't go anywhere else, thank you.