Hello friends, today's topic will be real estate, high rise is very bikini, people take high range in big lions, so the topic is which floor you should select in a high, this is a tricky thing, I want to tell because before that I tell which one should be taken.  I would like to tell you that whenever a project is designed and its different towers are launched and you know that today all the towers are not launched at once, RERA will be available for three different towers if there is a tower outside.  And that's the dear time, the project is divided in eight years, first face to face, then in six years, then it is divided like this, now you have to select the tower and it is a matter of selecting and selecting the floor, so when the builder He also makes it in such a way that whenever you are standing there selling goods and I am a salesman or someone is a salesman, he tells you something good about any thing and you tell him the bad things and he tells you something.  ok tell me  So if you want to do the floor, like you will have to see the fencing in the floor because it is note about that I want the eighth floor, you have to see the fencing also, now Facebook because whatever is available, you want the fencing on the middle floor, it is fine.  I am not getting anything, I am not getting anything in this, it should be in the bill B direction, if you want sunlight, then you will not get a view, if you get a view, then there will be no sunlight in it, this is also a fact, but still who  To take a look, I am telling you the latest trends of what is happening in North India. Historically, there used to be PLCs on Loris which were on the lower floors and in Mumbai, they were on the upper floors. In Mumbai, there used to be garbage disposal the higher up.  When I used to go there, there was less sound, I got to see that much view and I got to see the sea, if the sea is fenced, like Mumbai, if I talk about West Side, then what is there, who can see above, then there it used to be like below. their noise  Sharavata used to be in North India, it was the opposite, now this thing is changing in the North also, in the North also people are moving upwards that if they want to live in high rise then they should go to high rise because there are many people who live in low rise, even nowadays  Those on the first floor are also a story, go and enjoy them, if you are okay then you want to see it in the big high rise, I will tell you some facts, the ambient show comes on the first, second and third floor, so when you reject it, you will be told.  Keiji  These are our windows which are sound proof, so that thing will be destroyed by your mother. Then you will be told that if you are taking 10th or 12th floor, then take 6th floor. Even out of 10th, it is very good to have 12th floor because the mosquitoes come till the 8th and 7th floor. After that, flies and mosquitoes do not come. Even if someone comes in the lift, it flies away, goes left or right. After 14 15 floors, the sound should be absolutely band. Below, the sound should be less. Serenity is flooding in your mind, as if you are listening to me right now, do it like this and do it like this, complete relaxation blossoms, okay and if you go above that, then your view is that after 12 14 15 floor, if there is dust and dirt.  The story is flying about the road and it also does not reach the top, it also remains below it for 100 feet by 50 feet, so it does not go much above it, so this is an advantage, now people call it middle floor.  If we say middle floor becomes 20 to 25 then what kind of middle floor is it and people say higher lower because when the floors are changing now which middle floor is kept inside Burj Khalifa? Lower floor is good and it has lower floor too.  The floor will be reached in 40m 30. Okay, so you have understood what is the height to be. Many people will say that due to concentration, if we go to the balcony, we will feel dizzy.  I don't get that dizzy today, I will tell you the reason for it, it is hanging in the air, but if it is not, then if it was supposed to be earlier, it was a building, then it used to have open balconies like the ones in houses in Hooda sectors or see, you are in the balcony.  Standing left is also visible and such a feeling of having legs has come, it happens in the old society too, but the one which is being built today is also covered here, so you are feeling like education has not been done here, otherwise this camera too. if he could become  If you have got a camera type feeling then you do n't feel dizzy and on top of that the height of the railing has been immediately increased to 1/2 feet, so when the railing is up to the chest, it does n't feel like a brother to you and that too I can tell you in detail that  The pot is 6 feet by 5.5 feet, so keep the lotus near the railing, so do not touch the railing like this, if you stay 1 foot behind, then this angle has less relief, so I do not feel dizzy. Parents come to the consultation and they feel dizzy. I told them, 'Brother, this is not the case, first you get it, in the beginning it seems strange again, after that, it seems good, so those who have been filled with maternal uncles for the first time.  If it is okay in Kalkaji on the second floor of Delhi or in Greater Kailash or Kahaani, now she is coming here, in the 25th floor, then mom will definitely feel the initials, but those initials are taken two-three times in the plane.  It feels there for the first time too, after that when the man becomes her then I am telling this way of doing it to her, I am telling you this way of doing it to my mother, my mother's height is 5.5 feet, 5:30, so she should be tall, her height is 5 feet, the railing is 4:30 feet.  If it is there then it means that you will have to make efforts if you want to go through it. If the story is fine then there are no such issues. Higher floors are going to be preferred in the coming time. Youngster hair floors will be preferred.  Youngsters are preferring, these days they feel primitive, if you do chillam chilli, then there is not much noise on the story of their caste, nor theirs, it has also been seen, it is okay and privacy is also there, it is okay on the upper floor.  People like it, okay then more premium will remain in higher floors in the coming times and personally, even if I do n't tell you normally, I also prefer higher floors, but let the project be a project, think can change also. Defending on, if you are taking the inner one, then if you want to see the beauty of the swimming pool and the garden in the inner and then give fourth, fifth floor, if you do not see the benefit of taking above the sixth floor, then you should take the higher floor, you have to take inner fencing. Look at it, there are two types of environment, there is the control environment, there is the control environment inside the project, what you are seeing is not changing, that means, that is the swimming pool, that is the club house, that is the garden.  That's a park. Children are playing. That view is always going to remain the same. The view outside is going to keep changing. The landscape will keep changing. Sometimes something has gone, sometimes something has gone, sometimes something has gone. Sometimes you are not very noisy. Anything can happen, it's okay, it's a surprise.  There is no smell of any kind above 10 to 12 floors, if someone's drain is going nearby or some other issues are happening, above the eighth floor those issues start happening. Okay, if there is no sound then I do n't know about the uncontrolled environment outside today, I do n't know what will happen tomorrow and if my view gets blocked then the thing above height is safe if you are taking it outside.  If you are taking it inside then you can take it lower because what is there inside, many people, as I have seen the story, have very good condom rules, all the constructions inside, the banks which are ready on Dwarka Expressway, where some people are also living now in their second  third floor  On which stadium tax is visible and swimming pool is visible and tell me in which stadium the stadium is built. If the GK question is ok then it looks very much like love because it is visible with IB then the concentration is that if you want to enjoy the inside.  If it is your case, then take lower floor, it is fine, maximum up to middle level, and if you want to hire a higher one, then look outside or look at the sunlight. It is okay and among the things in the list, one think builder is established to make such a thing.  One floor will not make such a tower that the view can be seen, the sunlight can be seen and the fun can also be done and that means the controlled environment should also be there and the direction should also be right, the whole thing will take a minute because when you come, you will criticize it, friend, this is not in it.  Then he will say, Sir, look at it, this or that is there, but Sir, if this is not there, then it is a created thing like this, this is called brain, okay, you will not get all the things in one, you will have to choose, but  Today If there is a three side open flat then there are issues of sunlight and direction and views till date. Till today the builder is of the same company and says that Sir, something is visible from the drawing room, you are seeing something from the bedroom, he is seeing something from the hair done.  There the sunlight will come in the morning, there it will come in the evening, from there it will be visible from here, this will be visible from there, that is visible, so most of the artists are making it like this, so yes, this is a mean factor and according to me, there is no factor, this is also a factor, okay? because many  Whether you get something or the other is also very important, but if you are getting it against choice, then it is a different matter. Adverwise, there is not much difference because the builder has given something or the other in everything and you bill one or the other.  You bill low sum means if you are tightening a floor then I will point out five shortcomings in it then when your moral becomes low then I will tell you five good things then your mood will become good again this means this should be things are plant understand this  Needed  Of clarity and I am number one in India, I will tell this thing, other wise people will not tell in this way, if there is anything wrong then it will be good then you are jumping too much in it, if only good will be told, then this is what happens.  It is made like this, that perfect thing which you want to tick all over, you will not get it, thank you.