Hello friends, comparison between projects in Gurgaon real estate is a very interesting topic, it is going to be a lot of fun and maybe again after this, some Uber has been released recently, so we were comparing, which project is out and which one is upcoming.  If it is okay to go to the board and give such numbers, then I am going to explain to the public, full and final, never ask for comparison, the result is fixed, India's number one real estate is telling clearly.  And I am also saying to all the users who also work in real estate and this youtube1 say no yes, this high moral ground is good for the public, hence you have to win over only those whose goods are to be sold now, then come straight and say, this is good.  Whatever we sell is good. I was talking to someone in sales long ago, I was in a very dear position, I was also asking him the same thing, then I got a straight answer and I will be learning the same thing in life forever.  It is good that we are selling now, so the result should be the same. Please do not waste your time by clicking on these videos. Take the example of that video and let me tell you further. Brother, two projects are being compared in these companies.  The projects are of different genres, one is a horror movie and the other is a rom com, how can you compare them brother, if both are rom coms then they can be compared, action pictures can be done in their own way.  You can say that this fighter picture is from India and that from Top Gun is from a foreign country, which one is better, even then both of them have Jhajhu added, both are action, both have the same background, so you can compare. How will you compare Dilwale Dhulia Le Jaaoge with Pathan? The actor is same but the genre is not the same. If you understand what I am saying then no one is telling that brother uncle second transit.  There is a TTO project and a transit corridor, its FR is not being disclosed. Everyone knows it. Look, when he comes, brother, he makes a video. I may call myself number one and say all this is fine, but everyone is evil, everyone is intelligent. He comes near RERA as if he puts it on the side, it is not rocket science, I have taught all these things, I have only told you, my subscribers also watch others' videos and should watch them otherwise. How will we know who is number one? Like this, anyone can come and say something in the comment section and everywhere else they will write density, so tell me, the point of your use in the game of Madari has been hidden. The point of your use in the game of Madari has been hidden and on the rates.  Well, someone should declare it. Brother, the other's rate is 177000, please tell me something and brother, if it comes back to 1514, then that too will be very good. I will tell you today.  I am going to tell you the full and final truth in one go, completely clear project. Which is the best project? Yes, the best one is the one which came 2 years to three years ago. The density was also low, the location was also good, the price was also good, but did you not take it? Yes, or did you take it?  So, whether you are very happy or you have not taken it, now which is the next good which is there today and after that which will be good which will come tomorrow, which will be launched tomorrow, that is good, it will be better than the one which will come the day after tomorrow, it will be better because in the growing bullish market.  things are moving i sink  Inflation is taking place, the rooms will become smaller, the sizes will become smaller, brothers and sisters, the rate ticket size is hanging there somewhere, everyone's stories should be made. Someone else had also sent to me that it is easy to make stories. It is easy to make stories. Yes, there are stories.  Make one, I also tell you, but it is difficult to make a story in which there is no hole, even a small baby can tell the story. Papa, Papa, I will tell you a story. No matter what you are telling, the story should be a super hit that everyone will agree with. brothers  Sisters, it should not happen that we become like this in four years, in which there can be no holes in the story. And I do not claim that with number one clarity, I will tell such a story of mine in which no one can make holes in it and I myself can make 50 holes in my own story.  And then I can fill those 50 holes, only then you become number one, when you play chess from both the sides, whichever side you play, the side wins, you people have to understand that any project which has come earlier is better.  We will know when we are ready What is your density? Go and see how they were built in Sector 89, how are they visible now, those four storeys that came up, oh I used to say at that time also, Azimo Shan Shahenshah, in such a row, in such a row, 50 plots here, 50 plots here.  Four here, four here, 200 kich kich kich, they will shake hands like this, from back to front, you go and see, but they will also do well, I am also telling you, now I have told the story, I have made a hole in the story, now I have made a hole in the story.  I am filling Dispina Sale This Them second thing I am going to tell and announce in my coming days are the old projects which are a little old meaning the position has not come but it has been sold for a long time now, the inventory is all over. Regarding those projects, I had promised the builder that I will bring them but you will not see them for a long time. My aim is not to do social service here. My general aim is not to help the people coming here. Those who have bought other things. Because my address is for those people because no one is asking those who have bought it, everyone says yes send it brother send it send it oh why send it execution risk is over location good builder good thing good got the product visible  Have sold it after you said that you are enjoying it or you have to place it in the next one, this is the problem, otherwise I will bring those videos wherever you guys have taken them, write them in the comment section. Some of my thoughts in the coming two days, in three-four days, they will be visible to you or very soon, they will be visible very soon, they will be yellow and blue colored thumbnails, take a look at them brother, do n't ask again on time, after that then they will be visible.  This will happen again and again for my paid members. I want to tell all the YouTubers and all the people who work in real estate that please have a mask of a professional and not a social reformer. None of us are social reformers. Doing all this, I don't do it like this, friend, don't do it, I am telling everyone, this is capital, brother, this is what you understand, you have to take it, tell me the chance, 15 minutes, gun, next, next, builder, everyone is doing like this, if it is a bullish market then it is the same man.  Who will be able to take a decision, the window shopper who has been here for two, four, five or six years will suddenly sleep like this and will keep turning, brother, you tell me which is the best, you tell me by comparison.  Tell me how to compare, brother, you are getting only 4 BH in one, big BH's are available in one, you are getting 2 BH in one, why are you doing comparison, you are an SUV, 500 is a car, you know BMW 320d brother, this is  So it is small, you are buying desi ghee, what if you are comparing desi ghee with what, gold and silver are all different genera neither by weight nor by weight.  You are doing it according to volume, according to size, according to brand, according to location, when people do comparison in a city, I say, why are you a little foolish? Someone says that this location is the supposed one.  Let me grab the location here, grab a location here and try to explain it to you by embellishing it with extreme expressions. Okay, is there any property in Chandni Chowk, Delhi knows, we are in Bhidi Gali, brother, reach like this.  There is trouble anywhere and there is a property in Neemrana, there is a 200 meter road in front of it, I have made it 200 meters, it is a very good location, Neemrana is fine, so which property is good, tell me brother, 200 meter approach is open, such a big location, so I am Neemrana.  That look, I am taking it to the top of the differentiable, now I bring these two examples to one city like this, I bring them to one city like this  Now there is a location at some place, there is a location at a different place, it is a different part of Gurgaon, it is a let's buy or in some city, it is a different part, now the property is exactly the location, it is more important or the approach is more important.  Everything is important but sometimes someone says that suppose someone is in Connaught Place and it is the center of the city, then someone says where are you going to go if there is jam here too.  It seems that only 15-20 minutes are left, so that's it, there are more properties like this here which are some good ones and you will see them in the coming time, to take you out into the open, to a distance of 25-50 kilometers.  Here I am not showing any property below or above, I am giving it as an example. Everyone who comes will sing praises of which one to take and how to take it. I will also give a clear cut video on that and explain it well. In Gurgaon, many people ask me which builder to hire without taking his name, ' Master, you are the builder because everyone takes the name of the projects and takes the name of the builder. I say, I don't want to share the name of the builder publicly.  Take and say, why don't you take? I said, I will not take it for free and I will not take it even by taking money. If I take money, then take money. Then it is not your credibility. And without taking money, why recommend someone, why do your work silently for free?  Own your business, by the way, tell people about free funds, NRIs sitting outside, sitting here, they think that youtube1 channel has been made, this is the upcoming launch, next six, next five, next six, next five, next six, next four, next five, then each one, each one.  Then the previous one was this one, the next one is good, this one is good, that one is good, this one is good, all the customers are sitting like this, seeing which one.  And it is going to be good and it is going to be good, the decision is taken quickly, with this you have to relieve all those who are listening, first of all you have to see your money, what is my actual status and what is the requirement if you want to live in a 4 BHK.  If there is a requirement, then a product is coming in which the density is more than 2 BH, then you see whether you want to live in 3rd and 4th house, whether you want to live near Delhi or somewhere else.  You have to live there, if someone is doing a job there, if you have anything to do with Delhi, then you have to choose your location. How can that location be compared with any other location? No two locations can be compared because whenever the city becomes big.  So everyone's own independent story plays out and the rates increase. You tell me, the location of Greater Kailash is good, Defense Colony is good, it has its own ecosystem, this is what I say in words.  I say no, yes, other YouTubers also copy, okay, just like Mavan told about the density, he told the public that ask these questions to them, in the same way he is telling, now this ecosystem will become a new word, now everyone copy this also.  Will do Which is very good because copying is the biggest form of fluttery This is the terminology that I am making in the videos that I am using This is the terminology that we have to use from these only  Decision to be taken is no langar, the location will become important and relevant in coming times because in 20 to 22 minutes from Rajiv Chowk in Gurgaon market, entire Gurgaon will be covered. Already in 30, even today, after 30 minutes, whatever is Gurgaon.  So no, if you tell me which is such a place because Rajiv Chowk is exactly the center point of Heart of Gurgaon, you can reach it in 30 minutes from Eve Chowk.  You reach everywhere and in the coming time this distance will reduce to 20 minutes. Okay, so going from anywhere to anywhere will not be really a big deal. You will reach very comfortably. There are many types of underpasses and this flyover is so and so. Everything is being made today, whoever books the project today will get it in five to six years, they call it Rera Vera and by doing this, they get banned by NGT.  There is no construction for more than seven months, take out the rains of July and August, take out the rains of November, December, January and February, half the time there is this NGT ban, the rest of the time there is construction, so no project is going to be built in 4 years, it will never be built, these days it is fine.  Even builders don't say, builders say four, but in RERA itself, you are getting five years and then it is extendable, you can go to the builder and get it extended for what ever reason, brother, it was not possible for you to make it, the weather was bad.  The stubble was burnt, this was burnt, all that happens, it's okay, so don't think about any big project mentally, physically, emotionally before five years, just like affordable housing does not come before 5 years, if any comes fully ready, then write down whose name.  Apart from Shoor ji, no one has found anything in the first phase before four years. Till date, if you have found anyone in Gurgaon, please let me know and that too will be available phase wise, which is the best construction.  I am the biggest name of Shaper ji in India. The best cannot give it in less than six years, so those who are less than the best will take a little more time. Okay, you understand, if my point is correct then be realistic minimum.  There has not been a datchi in 6 years, there have not been many latches in 20, 21, 22 also. Because of Covid, real estate is running away. Stop comparing projects, approach in isolation. This one, this one, that one, no two products match, no two products match anywhere, what kind of projects will come in the coming times, I will keep covering that, subscribe the channel, I do a lot of such education webinars, free at Rs 90 and paid at Rs 10.  If you want to listen to mine in the comment section, there is interaction in it and you also get to learn about pan India cities. Only one city is in the top seven.  There are regular posts about cities, so please join, thank you very much.