Hello friends, should you invest in Goa real estate and for that matter in tourism places, I want to give a little clarity on this, although my Goa video has come on my other channel in great detail, clarity for youth and was very appreciated and good thing on that.  What happened, what do I want to praise, the day that video was released, I will give the link of it. If you have not seen it then definitely watch it. Three-four days after that video, the Minister of Goa himself said that in Goa two The very soul of Guayas is dying, real estate, tourism, other wise there is nothing there and it is going, this is what I explained through that video and today I would like to tell a little more on this, whatever comments came from beyond that. People have taken it and are stranded there, go and see it in the comment section and you will find my video too. If you have n't seen it then definitely watch it. Let's discuss further. Goa's own Chief Minister is speaking about his too.  Please check Sawant Saheb that they don't want quantity of tourists, they want quality of tourists. The quality of tourists in Goa. This is another minister's tweet saying that these are the people who cook food in buses and they are under the influence of drug addicts and all this.  These are the kind of people we don't need in Goa and the main thing in Goa is the sea. If you have to buy a property for your Air BnB and that buying is not the sea, there is no beach then it will not work.  Recently there is a user Akshay Srivastava, he made the calculation, he made a video, he made a video, I told everything in it, even after that he told the calculation on the community post and wrote that Math People La and Maths Dozen La 200, Occupancy will be 54 in 365 days and  People, hey brother, maths would have been 365, maths would have been a dozen but the person making the mistake is a  Human Being Only Na That Human Being Can Be Rang The Human Being Can Lie And whatever you put in the math formula, it can be wrong, so I accepted the formula is correct, it is only 2, 3, 6, but two had to be put or  If you had to put three then it could be wrong p * r * t up 100 equal to interest will come out only the rate of interest on the formula, whatever you put Ajman is wrong.  Maybe the rest will work out a formula. Focusing is an illusion. States like Goa should make a rule that people from outside should not buy because if the cuisine and culture of Goa gets destroyed then there will be nothing left in Goa. This music plays there, there is no music there, go anywhere as you wish, you will not get food, whatever you get, the food that people from your other province are cooking, does not exist and the system itself has ended, this is it.  Goan taste, the cuisine, the culinary skills, real estate, everything has been taken over by Barwala, that is why it is Himachal and some Uttarakhand or some such states, even in our North East, where outsiders cannot come and buy because outsiders have come and created a mess.  There is no ownership there, they do not have any culture there and especially in such sensitive ecosystem where the land is in such a way that even inside the forests, the trees are weeded.  The ecosystem is free there and someone is buying something and flats are going to be built there. Hey, I want to live in a flat only in Gurgaon. If in Goa, I will live in Gurgaon. The sea is not visible there. Where are your flats built?  We are here because the sea would have brought complete sand, where will flats be built there, some will be built somewhere inside, if I have to travel only 5, 6, 4, 8 kilometers, then if I go in the morning, I will come back to Thona in the evening.  If you have to take rest, have lunch, then go and come back then your friend will want to stay closest to the beach, but whatever is his capacity, even a poor person can live on a shoestring for Rs. 800, so this is Air BnB.  The person who is going there is not going again. It is a bad experience but yes, the population of India is so high that to taste Air BnB even once, there are many Air BnBs.  One day will pass, two, three years will pass, everyone will come to my comment section of that video which I have just posted here, go to the top of this comment section and watch that video, people have said the same things that my wife is very angry.  There will be no food, there is no food anywhere nearby, he had to go there and make Locky Tinda, then why did he take him there, he says that the children did not enjoy, there is a resort, there is an ecosystem in which you do hospitality. They are saying that they don't know about hospitality, they know a lot about hospitality, what if they haven't tried hospitality, then what if they have experienced hospitality, what requirements do they have in hospitality? They know that I want this too, I want that too, the bell keeps ringing like this.  Do I want a man or do I want to eat this food, I have this Farmaashi program, I have this problem, I have that, it is not that facility, and if Air BnB provides that facility.  If you try then there is no margin. Tourism in Goa is nothing for six months and seven months and in the remaining six months the occupancy limit can be hit at 7080, so we are still looking for not more than 120 days. It is not possible. 200 day calculation.  It is wrong that your rent will increase for 200 days but will increase only for 120 days and there are so many hotels and there is competition.  And tourism itself is decreasing because like he himself made a video of going to Cambodia or somewhere on that side and told that he had his own photo taken from behind, so it is cheap to go there, friend, I am also saying this and Goa.  The Minister is saying and the world is saying that if you have to go from Delhi, then Vietnam, Cambodia, at least have a passport country and if something looks different then Goa repeat, people are not going, now someone has gone once, now he does not want to go again, the taxi is very expensive. own  There is a mafia there, the rates of everything are kept like this and the quality is the same, otherwise when you buy a story in such a place, then what you will be left with is white. Lakshadweep has not been activated here, take it in two-three years.  Where are the tourists from Kanas loyal? They will go anywhere as per their wish. Half of the places are visa on arrival. Thailand, this is Phuket Sakat. You can go anywhere as per your wish. You do not have to buy there, where to buy in the top seven cities.  Buy value for money thing because a human's child needs to sleep. If he comes from job, then you cannot be there. You can't read the reward ratio is favourable. I will bring a lot of value picks and value buys in the coming 5 10 15 days. Where I am staying, rental lead will also be 5% on 4. Top cities across India with small ticket size. For that, you can join the group given in the comment section. You will get the information of webinars and at a real location in a real city where there will always be demand, there will always be economic activity and there will be requirement. Please do not buy fancy products in fancy places. It is always better that if you are in your 30s, 40s. Child after 5 10 15 years may happen to study and work in Pune and Bangalore I am not  Even Talking Gurgaon If you say Gurgaon then people say you keep talking about Gurgaon PU Ahmedabad Bangalore Hyderabad Chances are there for your child to work there and study, so if you buy a property then your child can live in that property, he will not need to pay rent.  And even if it is not there, then this rental will always be in extremely high demand in the cities, so the message is very clear, do not take Goa and fancy places, you are jumping as many crores of money as you want.  You can buy a tower in a building, if you have 150 crores, you are getting 6 units there and that is a robot demand. In the coming times, property management companies will also come which will easily rent the property and it is  Very very easy than this airbnb thing where commission advertising funnel is very painful, rule regulation is very much and law itna vahan ka sab baale hain yahaan land  Buying it is free from danger because here, why are you making players out of danger, why are you taking people to a dangerous place, go there, Portuguese land law and that is everyone's trouble, the land title trouble, you yourself are accepting it.  If so, then why go to such a place? First buy a house for yourself, then buy it for investment, buy it for your children, then again I have got the testimony that to become a tourist, entrepreneurs start publishing and take that much money.  At that time, there will be more clearances and I don't know what else, then the construction will be stopped, then there are protests, then this happens, then only then something will be achieved, since when did the common man start gaining strength or not?  I will also play hotel hotel, I will also take that villa of my own somewhere, Villa, I will also stay for 10 days, my friends will also stay, you will not be able to stay, you do not go again and again, if you want to see only the sea, then why would you see the same sea only there? Even people go there, they do not go to the same place. In Air BnB, if you go once and go to one place, then it is a kind of beach, then next time you go to a different resort. It is next to impossible to meet everybody, so there is also no human being in it.  Take the expense of the ship and it will not go to the same place, every person will say, friend, next time let's do it like this, let's see Kolam Beach. Come on, friend, they do like this, let's see the other one in India, let's see some other one.  Friend, they go there every now and then, see in Lakshadweep, there are big resorts there too, sorry, you will come to Lakshmideep in Port Blair in two-three years. There are different beaches in Port Blair, if you go two-three.  Within an hour, this island has become big by doing that, two-three are very good there too and if not, then you are going to Thailand and Vietnam, you are going to Cambodia, these South East Asian countries are very cheap there. Stay in the five star hotels there which will actually cost you Rs 10, 11, 12, and in Goa, don't read your five star hotel for less than Rs 20, 25, Haj. In the season, don't know what their rates are and then pay here.  Fish is going to happen in the coming time and the Chief Minister of Goa himself is the Minister himself speaking, so what do we have to do more than that when he himself is speaking and that is what I said. Politics is happening so pick it up tomorrow and they will throw out anything. The outsiders have had enough and will do anything, so there is no need to take money there, there is no need to invest your money, that is the message. I liked it. If I understood the message. Please understand. If you don't like it then explain it logically. Don't say that it is bad, no, no, it is very good. Do n't say that. I had taken a good question that what has happened in the past is not a forward looking thing. Investment.  This is a forward looking thing. Till now you were hitting a run rate of six. If you have 120 runs in 20 overs, then how are you batting ahead? What is the condition of the pitch? What is happening next is also very important. You were bringing your car. Any car was running fine. If there is any accident, then before that it was running fine. But now it was running normally on the highway, in plains. Now the mountain type has come, so now it is in the same condition.  You can travel at speed, you have to change the road, if the weather gets bad, they sit in the plane, in the middle, the captain says, fasten your seat belt, the weather is going to get worse, so you should know the weather from now on.  The weather is about to deteriorate and you are being trapped, so there is no need to get trapped in a wrong place. Clear cut Goa real state is not to be touched by outsiders. Now they will do whatever they want to do, just like that, a lot of raita has been spread outside.  I will speak only to the people outside and I want to tell the people of Goa who are listening that you please tell under this video whether what is being said is correct or not. If the person in Goa already has his link.  What is being said is this true, construction is going on, mining is going on like this, the total of 20 kilometers out of 140 is taken up and they will be registered by North Indians or outsiders. Keep chanting the name again and again, no one will come there again, and then when there was fun, rest, peace, culture, hey the coast line is no less in India, hey, not all places have beaches, I also know this much geography. But brother, it runs from the Run of Kutch, comes down all the way to Kanyakumari and then goes from here to the Bay of Bengal, this peninsula has seen so much, it is such a big peninsula, I don't know which virgins are there in Orissa.  There are so many beaches, everything is good but it has not been discovered yet, it is an inner place but it was from Goa because of the Goan culture, the cuisine and the atmosphere and vibes there, when the party is over, it will start somewhere else, you do not need to get stuck there.  Go to different places of yours, invest your money, earn a good rental for it in a good city, use that rental to travel anywhere you want. What is the need to buy wherever you want because you will go to the same hill every time?  You just have to see the hills of Nainital or Mussoorie, you have to see Shimla, you cannot see Coorg, you cannot see your darling, you cannot see Ooty, you cannot see the big hill, the high hill, the cold hill, the small hill, the forested hill, we have 50 types of mountains.  The people of Kashmir will look different to you, the people of Himachal will look different to you, the people of Uttarakhand will look different, the people of Darjing will look a little different, there are many places in the South also, if you have gone to Mannar, then explore every.  There is no need to go everywhere and buy places. Your money should come from somewhere. The game is about money. My money is coming from here and with this money I am traveling somewhere. Nobody wants to repeat. There are so many tourist places in India that all the  If you go on a trip for a year, your life will be spent, all the tourist places in India cannot be covered and if you add foreign expenses then it will not be possible anyway, okay then don't buy here, this is the message, thank you very much.