Hello friends, why real estate prices in India are high and will remain, so beyond that, I will try to tell you about two or four things, why builders are not able to bring things very cheap, first of all, the cost of land in India is expensive for many people.  He had run a Lincoln, had also appeared in Business Standard, Ajay ji Karke is his first name and he had written that real estate is nothing, it is bricks and stones and cement, make it anywhere, these are ridiculous rates.  So in this we have to understand that the cost of the infrastructure also comes in the real estate because it becomes the cost of land. You cannot take the economic activity everywhere, it is concentrated. Mumbai is a 150 year old city. How many 150 years?  The history of economic activity there is 150 years old. You cannot create that thing by going anywhere in Neemrana or getting hold of anything anywhere in Rajasthan. Water will come from here, electricity will come from here, build separate houses, it will not happen like this, when a road is built inside Gurgaon on Dwarka Express, there is a road of 28-30 kilometers, it costs Rs 12000 crore, is this Rs 12000 crore somewhere?  It will be taken out from somewhere, it is the government that is spending, it is the government that will take it out, it will be taken out by changing land use, it will be taken out from the registration cost, it will be taken out from GST Licenses will be charged, there will be some fees, there will be external development charge, internal development charge will be there, if the builder adopts all these things then the cost of land increases, then the desirability of people to stay in relevant places, nobody wants to stay 50 km away also.  From the Place of Vibrant Activity: As a classic and good example of this, let me explain to you, look at Australia.  Friend, calculate the population of Australia, how many 2.5 crore population is there, the population is less than Delhi NCR, Australia's area is 91 lakh square kilometer, India's area is 27-28 lakh, yes, people will say that Australia is not in between, so and so, brother, as many cities as we can sit with.  If cities can expand further by 5 kilometres, Melbourne, Perth, Sydney, Brisbane, Canberra, they can expand. If you apply the formula of Pi R Square, how much will it go in square kilometres, if 5 kilometres? I also did the square of five. 25 25 * 3.14 Why is there not 75 square kilometers? New Zealand population is 70 lakhs. Why is the real estate there high? Because after one stage the jungle starts there. People do not want to live there, they just say that, we  We have to stay here, go up, I am not going away, there is no discussion about this thing. I have given so many examples of New Zealand, of which I have told three places - Najafgarh, Dwarka and Rohini.  Najafgarh Dwarka Rohini Three places in Delhi have less population and real estate than Najafgarh Dwarka Rohini, see how much is there in Christ Church in Auckland, whatever areas they have, go and check there, in Australia, go and check, people always think this.  Only a few will be left, why are there more because that sewerage pipeline, that system, water, electricity, electric poles, all of them are counted in real estate. You cannot live life by going in isolation. People used to live here at one time but now mall is nearby, school is nearby, hospital is nearby, shops are nearby, there should be PVR halls, entertainment is nearby, office space should also not be too far away, only by doing all these things, real estate can be acquired here.  The prices are high. Secondly, let me also tell you an Illuminati's expectation. If the prices of real estate are not high in big cities, then why would you come to work in big cities because you have to get stuck in that rut, how can you stay in the rut of getting a job?  Why would you work there because the work is there, then you will buy the house there or pay the rent there, whether you pay rent or buy a house or pay rent, then earn a salary, if you have a job to earn a salary, then the slave is made like this, then the system. This is not good on both the things, hey friend, come on this channel and bring knowledge, do good and bad, don't become a moral science teacher, stay in your small town, some person may come from village to city, from small town to big city and vice versa.  It is not considered a demotion and there are economic activities in big cities. There are sources of earning money. Other people in the family can also earn. Yes, it seems that if one man in the family has to earn, the wife has to stay at home as a mother.  -Many people think that if the father has to sit at home and the children have to prepare for the exam, then a small town is better, but the fact is that if you come to a big city, then all the people there can earn like a classic. Our example is that in developed countries, we stand in queues to get visas to go to US, to Canada, to Australia, to European countries. We have heard there that money is paid as per the passport. Even a woman can earn this much $100. Only three hours of work has to be done here. Someone is saying that I have to work as a librarian, someone has to work in a shop for three-four hours, someone has to work only in the evening. Someone just needs to do the job of baby sitting, whatever things are there, big cities will give such opportunities in the coming time in India also, hence there will always be crowd here and I advise all of you, whoever is listening to me, to Buy property in the city, if you can. Buy at the lowest price. Buy in a small town. After 25 years, there will be no time left to buy in a big city. If you are from Haryana, it is important to buy in Gurgaon. If you can, buy it in a big city.  That is because their coming generation will not be able to buy it. If you can't buy it then buy it in Pune. Buy it in a big city where your rent gets subsidized. Maybe your child goes to Bangalore and you buy property in Pune.  If you bought it in Hyderabad or Gurgaon or anywhere where you could buy, if you bought a property, your rent would be subsidized, where you were paying Rs 0000 rent, here it became Rs 20-25. Many parents like this. No, they are not thinking, they are wasting their money in FDs and mutual funds while their next generation will continue to suffer. They will not get freedom from job until they own the house. And the system set up by Luminati will keep you away from buying a house, that is different. Will take you on different paths Why is it a waste of money Why is this thing Rent is so much Save here do this So how do you You have to listen If you have your own roof on your house Rent  If you do n't want to give then the government is still giving 5 kg ration to 80 crore people. There is no problem of food in India. And if the food of the house is food and the food is clothes, then there is no problem in India. Now no one believes that house has come, bread is cloth.  And the house is just under whose control you are. All this has been created only to control you. And yes, one stage 10, 12, 14, 15 years will have to be enslaved until that house is there, but its Start slavery at the age of 24 25 26 27 28 so that the path to freedom starts opening before 40. There is a separate video to come on this also. If you work in a corporate then 45 years is your retirement age. Whatever jobs you are doing. You will not be seen above 45 years on middle level post. In fact, shops will start closing at 42-43 only. Which job will the shop provide in the future? That if you are not on the blue pedigree of IIT and IM, is it that you have to go ahead and go to the management level, become a CFO, become a CEO, become a CTO or whatever, make it up to VP, then it is okay if you are not on that path.  So brother, your shop is about to be closed, please buy a house before the shop is closed because you are going to need it, it cannot be that it was a habit of living in a big city for 20 years. Children were born and brought up in big cities.  If my wife also gets into the habit, now we can't afford it, so we will go to a small town, you will feel a loser in life, this is the actual truth of life, no, small towns are very good, there is less pollution, yes, it is less today, but after 10 years, when  If you go, then those cities would have become so big that the pollution would be very high and the pollution in the big cities would have reduced because all the electronic vehicles and public transportation would have become better, so the issues that are there in the big cities today. In the next 1012 years, there will be a lot less and the issues that have not yet come in small cities, which are the issues of big cities today, will come in 10 years, then will there be a job in life, will retirement also happen in a polluted place?  I am telling you the truth and the second thing I always say is that buy it in a big city and put it on rent at the rate of 2 BHK from Chutku in Gurgaon. If you have your own, you can take a nice house on rent in Rohtak, I am talking about big rent in Hisar, live comfortably in the house, what is the need to buy a house, buy it here because there will be a stage when old age comes.  So here one will have to come medically for those things. This is also a fact in big cities. Secondly, that too in old age. I have a video pending on my other channel that the parents can come to the children again when needed. Would like to live for the last time and children will not be in small towns and parents will not have any house in big cities and children's own house will be rented and then new guard will come, so keep everything of your old age first. I am telling all the parents that old age will come for everyone, now the 45-50 people are listening to me, brother, 20 will come in 2 years, yours will come then where will you live, the daughter-in-law will keep her children in her house, not you but ours.  She is a daughter, she will keep her, will not the drug keep her in Ganga ji? Those who did not tell you in their previous lives whether they would get such a daughter or son-in-law or daughter-in-law, no one told them, I am telling this as a social observer and social scientist, nothing. No one will let us stay, they will say that we should eat at our place, there are no children's books, we are already living in 700 carpets, 800 because this will be the future of real estate in big city already  We are moving in that direction, even if it is in 1000 carpets, there will be no place for you because it is not there even in the heart, so how will you find a place there, so in your old age, keep your respect with you and take something small.  Towards this I keep bringing webinars seminars and sub teases and it is very important that you attend them this festive season is starting very much like this  Opportunities will come, you will find a group in the comment section, the cost of all the land is increasing, everything is increasing, so there is no delay, if the prices of inputs and everything are increasing, it means project lunch for the builder to get a license. Till the time of purchase of land, we keep it for 10, 12, 14 months and if the inventory is left overhang for more than a month, then it is not a Maggi which will be constructed in two minutes and the builder will give it to us, please again and again in different videos.  I am giving a hint, demand is a different thing but start paying attention to the supply, how limited the supply is, no builder can supply a lot even if he wants to because it will take time to build the project which is being made today in the video on October 24, which is very light.  If it happens then it will be available only after a year. I have heard these stories of three-four years that they used to get two towers handed over to them, now the land parcels have become smaller, the whole thing has to be taken from RERA at one go, now it is known that it will be built in a year.  So, make preparations according to the year, whoever will book in October 2024, you have to meet in 2031, do it even now, I am telling you this thing because there was a time when such a thing happened, if you remember which car  You had to tell me which car models were there that those who booked, there was a waiting period of 8 to 10 months, then the one who got it could sell his car at a premium on the very first day or else I would not take it out from the showroom.  I am going to take Rs 3 lakh, give it to me, you take it, this has also happened, tell me which car was there on the vehicles, this happened at a time because there is demand and the supply is not coming, so the prediction is another for 2025 that you will  The prices of the properties which are coming to close to release position will be seen to be equal to the new land equivalent ones or will be seen increasing whereas they should be less because the money there is to be paid to me in 4 years. I have to give it already, this is already happening with a builder who has some mortgage in the name of the resident. In Gurgaon, there is a ready-to-move-in one of Rs. 0000 and the new mortgage is Rs. 25000. Go check because whoever has the money, he has to pay it now.  Want it now and ready to pay, he is not going to wait for 6 years, he is saying buy it today itself, do it, a very new trend is coming in the market which was going one way now.  In every way, the customer has to take action and while the customer is acting, he cannot remain in the mood that I will watch now, I will think that things will keep getting expensive, they will keep getting denser, so please like, share, subscribe to the channel, share on your groups and family.  Share with us. If you want to take membership of the channel, then take it. Apart from that, many reviews have been posted, workshops have been conducted, webinars have been conducted, you will get to learn a lot about real estate. You can take paid membership of the channel. Press the join button and enjoy that membership for few months. Learning will be done. Paid webinars are also free and complimentary to you at the time. Those who take members are strongly recommended from the site. If you want to take membership, please try this membership for some time and explore.  All the videos you get by joining the membership, you will learn a lot, thank you very much.