Namaskar friends welcome tu Sango real estate this is an intro video of D channel the first video is I have a popular channel by D name Sangu live sutra through it since last 2 years I was increasing my knowledge about real estate also through his journals in different types  Here I will teach you about real estate in a focused form. This will be just the entire real estate. Real estate will be pan India real estate. Plus here I will teach you about real estate. All aspects will be covered in a 360° way. Real estate is not only about price and layout it is all about emotions it is about practical it is about de micro story de microstori economics their politics is there in a very good way samjhaunga it is very important for you to understand real estate if  You are listening to me and you are less than 1945 years old, if you are older than that then reduce the period by that much and  The amount which I am going to say but if you are below 40-45 then in the next 40 years i.e. 25 to 65 35 to 75 40 to 80 45 to 85 in the next 40 years if you are middle class roads you will witness 100 crores.  Rupees of Real Estate Transactions in Your Life That You Can Influence Right Now Sun 's people and these  100 crores, then understand a little about your property which you inherited from your father and mother, selling it and buying it, you buy something that is yours and then sell it, then buy it again, your children buy it and sell it, your brothers and sisters are restless, your brother-in-law, brother in law, student loss which is one of yours.  Family is so important from wife's side to your side. If you have knowledge about real estate then you will become a very interesting person. Most intelligent brother-in-law in your circle or  Uncle ji or Papa ji or Chacha ji or Tau ji, do you know how many relationships there are in India? There is a different pleasure in them and you will not only do good to people but will also do good to yourself where you are directly linked to your parents.  My property, my children will definitely benefit from it, I will teach real estate, I will be focusing about 40% on Gurgaon market, a place where I belong, you stay where I am invested but  I am invested in other places also I will include 21 cities in the country. If you want to include your city then please write some cities in it which I will cover. Gurgaon is there and there will be many towns of Haryana because I belong to Haryana and  Regional but it will include Mumbai Pune Hyderabad Nagpur Kolkata Jammu Jaipur Chandigarh Ahmedabad Ahmedabad and Gujarat maybe Vadodara and Surat also ok where I spent my life  Have spent, explain, okay, it is no less effective than online search, need a person who can explain things well, who can explain micro, explain micro, understand economics, understand politics, understand aspirations, understand in every way, what are the aspirations even at the family level, every city has its own story. I am using those stories, I will samjhaunga the audios very well, hope to have a long association, welcome to the channel, please subscribe, tell me in the beginning.  I wanted it, okay please subscribe and all the people closest to you in your circle should subscribe by giving them the link of this channel because not knowing about real estate is not an option, it is going to be the costliest purchase of your life.  It happens to any person including Mukesh Ambani, the biggest ticket size purchase is of the house, education is done not of the children, but a lot is spent on marriage and higher education too.  Real estate is a lot with and if you enter it wrongly then whatever is happening in the progress of life gets stopped, so it is very important to understand it. Please please spread it to the subscribers of the channel. New new channel in the beginning itself. And please hold hands and subscribe the channel to the maximum. Those of you who are old subscribers of mine, who have been associated with the journey for 2 years, please help a little. Punch. Subscriber I expect every person will add to his circle thank you