Hello friends, today we will discuss about the real estate of a big builder in Gurgaon, whom people have stopped talking to you for about 2.5-3 months, those people who have bought the society of this builder, I will tell them what to do now.  Now you will ask who is the builder then date man you know not affected, you can smile by doing this and smile and when someone writes in the comment area below then understand that it is okay if it is a matter of concern then I will say off.  The course is off course, no one has made this video, I am trying not to understand it like this, I told you this, I never even told you about the linkup, no one gave its link, nothing, after something happened, now everyone became silent and new  There is no talk of things behind things, there is no talk of it, blue bet, there is silence, so if you are there, then what do you have to do and what do you have to do to everyone, let everyone eat, factory, Gurgaon, follow, Gurgaon real estate market, very very classy and IMD number one.  Real estate clarity is yours in the country, that is why I am going to give clarity now. Listen carefully, what is to be done. In the different projects, the initial projects have been completed a lot, there is a little longer breath, there is peace because the thing has become this one.  This can also be tweeted in this way, this is my own opinion, peas are subsidized but I will not talk too much about them, but like when Titanic hit the iceberg, many people stayed for the day because they said that they could not even give two and there was plenty of time.  Bachchan Bachchan and what was that seat, there were a lot of life votes but it was all a hotspot, you know if the movie is good or you have followed it, it is going vacant, first the ladies are going, then 10 people are sitting in it. Man will not go but children and ladies will go and maids are people 21 could have sat so he is less like him with some hotspot because sometimes people on life so I am not making a video of Titanic I am making a video wiring  There is waiting for the payment, it is very clear even in the big time, this is the bank giving because the bank has stop giving, the place and demands are coming, the same banks of stop giving, you have to check because the rating of the builder and the rating of the builder in one market is official. Rating hai jab woh gir jati hai banks becomes skeptical they know on nps nothing d bank is not coming you have tu ko aur meet d builder ka representative dil se sir hamara Kam chal raha hai to you have you and see don't cup relying on youtubers they will come and tell you kam chal raha hai toh kuch hai, kuch hai kuch nahi hai, this was an ad ok in which one if you see a banda hai message  Is typing and is doing reverse and there is a boy standing behind and there is also a tree and he is saying 'What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it not? What is it? What is not? And then it is applied in the right manner. If it says 'Ga' then it means.  you wait like this  What are you doing? No, it's okay, it's okay, do n't sit with your face in the right, the cat has eaten all the viruses, it's not okay, it's my pigeon approach and Australia approach, if I ca n't see you then you ca n't see me type.  The approach is that I have given a mouthful in the rate, while I am sitting with a mouthful, the title of the video can also be okay, then tell me what to do, first of all, don't panic, first of all, whatever happened is fine, second thing, everything has been said outside.  which because  If there is a litigation tomorrow, if something happens tomorrow, then it may be better than one, better than two, it may be 200 to 500 and all of them, when you all come, there will be many of you who will be lawyers themselves, there will be some money here too.  What has been given has been given in different ways because what has been given by signing it will be accounted for. Do you understand what I am explaining to my subscribers? Genius is not wisdom. A hint is enough for a wise person. Genius is that.  Because everything is understood, okay, if you give ₹ 100, then the check number of ₹ 100, then you can understand because you are intelligent, it must be fine, anything will happen, there will be a conversation, it would be better if you go every 10 days and tell that something has happened.  Check how little is going on. Stand physically and count the labour. Check that the yellow crane has a very high fare. It is a story. It is running low. If it is not on the other one, then what is the status on the other one?  jump on  Brother, fresh, I feel that I am saying number one and something is happening from behind and I don't know, I don't think so, nobody is buying and selling, nobody is talking only date, this is me, but many people still think this.  That Sir, I have to take this, Hello, in which world are you living, I mean very effect, you are asking this because you are the talk of the town, it means happiness, but still.  It is Top of D Town and you do n't know what it means, it seems that yes, India is a very innocent country that people have just come, that is, it is being promoted silently, that is why someone is coming and asking, brother, to buy this.  If so, then you all tell in the comment area below whether the goods are being sold, what will happen, when will it happen, because it has not been taken out from Jai yet, how is it not Sunny, representative of D Company, should there be more oil and Address D public yes they are not listed form so let me note come inside d SEBI norms and d some norms of declaring things yes I agree but there is a moral thing also to hoti hai na bhai aake nahi told them once oh every week  Tell me, come and make it every week, it is becoming your dream, the milk has gone, it will be made, we are making it, there is so much milk, so much money will be made in this much, you give this much, this contract was made to Nath Singh at this speed. It has been given, it has been given, whatever is inside, legal action is going on, which will be lab bill, tech IT course is over, they are in control and this is happening because that is what I want to know, how the contractor's payment is being released. If a person is in the story of Jai, then has the power been given to anyone or are his signatures being taken by going there? Exactly, it's the nation, it's you, you have to speak, and it's like Swami has also come, public needs, you know, now can I go and find out?  should do  I neither got it inserted by anyone nor did I take it from them. It is okay that it is a player making machine, okay what is the making of it, do you know it? So it is okay that I am a company, so brother, who will know, this customer will know, you are in a WhatsApp group of yours. Are you on them? Because people say that there is only one thing for the people, why should they worry? No, people should not worry about this or that one India in life, because worrying is the society, why do you have to worry?  Taking action, worrying, nothing happens, discussing, nothing  If something is going to happen then no brother sir, nothing will happen, everything is fine with us, you are fine, tell me, it doesn't happen just once to someone, it is okay, it is not achieved by saying, it is for a few days, it is for a few days, this is what it means  This is not happening here. Doctor Saheb further said that the patient will be cured, that is not the story, this will be seen publicly, it will be released out and slowly, another player will do it, another one will not do it, what will happen, how will it happen next, how will it happen before, how did it happen before?  It's a relief brother I'm watching  IT is very close. Take this awareness of this video. If you are associated with this video, then take it as your own. It is not necessary to make noise and share it. It is okay and I myself do not want to give awareness to too many people in this big because of IT, it is the duty of many people.  There is no one else doing that duty and I am not a social worker as per the story, I have to speak as if it is okay, they should call me Aadhaar Bhav DK, I have to stop reading that brother, let us capital list man.  Consultant, I am the day after tomorrow, I believe in making money, making money, helping people make money, doing this to me, still that, yes, I did not vote, I did not contest elections, I do not want that Baba of yours, I am not in any ground, but I am that.  If I am a brother then I am the number one, then it is okay, then he himself gets pain in his stomach by doing number one number one again and again. You also have to say that you are becoming such a hero, so tell me, you are such a hero.  If it is bad then he doesn't even dare to tell, I feel scared of that too, I feel scared, you also know, but I am asking you to monitor, come to my group and check some questions, I will meet the contractor only after going to the site. You are getting money, he is happy, the contractor is getting money, he is happy, the laborer is getting money, he is happy, there is less going on, then why are you afraid and keep monitoring him that this Happening every 10 days  Go and impose duty. If 200 people in a group bought it, it is ₹ 1500. I don't know how much they have bought, but a group can be formed of 200. It can't be formed. Brothers and sisters, you can impose duty out of these 200. Even if two people go every month or every two months or three months, you can monitor for 100 weeks without repeating yourself. Two people will go and bring independence report.  And this is the report, so brother, who went on 5th September, Rohit went and Shobhit went from here, mother is there and both of them went in the same product, she talked to him, he got this feedback, he got this, so everyone is taking knowledge, say, next time is mine.  There is a coordinator, an admin will go, I will get my house, if money is being asked, what to give, not to give, debt bill, be decided, somebody, I personally, flower, government, sold, entering, somebody, sold comment oil.  I will give S. If the thing is worth two and a half to three crores, then there is no such thing that the installment of affordable housing is coming, it is not worth Rs. 2.5 lakhs, Papa will give the money of Rs. 2.5 lakhs, then here she is also a pearl, isn't it worth 25-30-40 lakhs? Or even more than that, brother, if the bank is not giving me, then where can I get the loan, it will remain that way, I will vote for you, cancel, what is the rule of canceling, how much money is late, if the builder is not making it or is not making it.  If some issues have come up then even Rera Rera is going into it, I mean, the story is written in it, the provisions have not happened till now, Rera Kitchen, when something happens, there should be something before it even happens, may be my knowledge, power, I may be wrong. Maybe you did not drink the diamond sparingly, but do whatever you are affected to do, now if the car collides into a mountain, you can apply brakes before that, you can wear a seat belt, you can buy a car with an airbag, you can increase the speed a little more.  something can rock  Something can be done, you just wait, don't get hit, only then the ambulance will come, only then the government will come, the government will come only when the train gets crowded, then I came to the story, before that we are seeing caste, we are not trying anything, that burning train.  Dharmendra's Jitendra's Burning Train picture was good. One Danny makes the brakes fail. Whoever was good in it, it felt good. Dharmendra Jitendra's train was a very good picture to do. It was good for the old times, so he tries his best, so isn't he?  He had another way of saying what should we do, sit down, we will send him to pick up the approach, enemy mouth approach, ostrich approach, this is something I don't like and this is what our country is called, no, no, no, look at it big, no.  Say no, say this, by doing this, it has reduced to something like this, all this has happened, you are listening to me that maybe we will get something, the lie is loose, what is not the meaning, which is the stage of construction, this is defining your what.  If you have advanced, then the status report is going to me, now what will happen, then it is a matter of concern for you, now tell me whether you have it or not, use your mind, first subscribe to the channel and press the notification bell icon because  There will be many such things in the times to come who will come and then will go. I have set up such a big place here to do social service. My mother and brother also feel like I am a hero here, Hiralal.  Rambo and she is honey, so am I too, Guru ji, okay, so tell me more, I was telling this to both of them, till now the video is my never yours, this is a single cockroach in the kitchen, still share the link, please share it, I had already told about it and  The time is visible on YouTube, brother, after how many months has it been uploaded, so it is not that I will go to YouTube and change it, that I have uploaded the video tomorrow and YouTube is showing it for the next month, I have that time, you will see it.  So I told you, I explained, I am explaining now, I am explaining now, I am explaining well through gestures and maybe after 4 months, I am doing this video and clipping myself. I am not enjoying in such a situation because  If the situation is not so good for the people, then the mother also does the clapping thing. In any situation, the situation is going well, everything is going well and I am enjoying it because I am passionate, you also have people's emotions. I am telling this and I am also telling this after 4 months, I will tell you again that this one was told and explained because brother, it has been two months, he is not speaking, even if you check on Google, you still do n't know what is happening, a small pearl thing.  How many crores, lakhs, crores, lakhs of crores are there in this D-world, if you only see, if there are 1500 flats in a project and two are two and a half to three crores, then that project is worth Rs. 4:30 thousand crores. How many more such projects are there and where?  where are they filed  Add it and where is the remaining land and then from which party the loan has been taken and how many people are involved then that amount keeps on increasing. Elections are coming, elections are coming, that's all I will say, it is fine and a hint to the wise is enough.  You are also some genius sitting there, write in the comment area what you want to write, write it openly and tell it to other people and share it on your group who are affected people, it is possible that you may not be able to see it till you are very scared. Okay, the tree should go for the members, okay, this can also happen, as of now, I am making it for the general public as you are listening and watching, so for now, I am just going to subscribe the channel and press the bell notification because like  As soon as you press the bell notification, a video is released. Immediate notification is a type and you can watch it, you will utilize it in this way, there is no need to panic at all, there is no need to worry at all, there is no benefit, it is the most important thing to worry about in life.  Likely it should be fine but you will have to do your work which I told you because the fear is that you have to kill it yourself and show the solar power. Whoever buys here, you think that someone else will do it and you can see heaven, it is not going to happen, you have to do the hard work yourself.  I am killing it, the story is South Indian, they take it literally, they take North Indian dialogues and then they fool, they understand Hindi but some times they fool, what are you want, you say, what I do n't know, I am just saying it.  N proverb thoughts have tu oil is ok please spread this awareness and subscribe the channel thank you very match