Hello friends, this is going to be a very real estate educational video, it is going to touch many people, it is going to benefit many people, I am giving only a paid consultation, you understand that this is a question which is often asked by people, Sir Will I.  Get Exit Guruji, I will get the exit, if I put the money, I am going to answer today because I am crying one by one, whom should I answer? Real estate is booming, it is applicable on Pan India, this video is applicable on Pan India real estate. Wherever there is Gurgaon's example for example in big cities, if something has to be used then I may use the example here but it is applicable for everything. What has happened there is a run up has happened and is happening in the real estate ok.  A project is launched, some payment plan comes, some money has to be invested in it by doing something and the other and people think that if they put it here then the rates have increased.  Example: Somewhere in Gurgaon you had invested Rs 7,75,800 square feet, there the builder has taken the price as Rs 10,000, so you think you will exit in Rs 9,500, you have earned this money, now this new one is coming 13 14 15 16 177000  Wala or 18, whatever I put in it, it will play at 20, at 30. Advice, I am going to tell you that will you get exit in a bullish market. Well, one thing that India's number one clarity giver is telling you is that you will get exit and this you should write down somewhere that you will get exit quickly.  Not 100%, you will get 1000% exit, write it down, record this video somewhere, tell the world, we will all get exit, we all will get everything from this earth. 1100 crores will be exited, now 850 crores are remaining, they also have to exit, apart from this, if there is any exit, if you ask anyone, anyone says that he is a sly one, he is a sly one, I hope you understand Hindi.  But if you ask then you are a fool. The one who asks is a fool and the one who promises is a fool. Remember this, the one who asks the word is a fool and the one who answers it with yes is a fool.  It is clever, now I am explaining it under some numbers, so now it is understood that something was built on Dwarka Expressway one and a half to two years ago, there was a launch of Rs 9000 something, it was in different schemes, now all that is standing and it is very good.  Went to see on Dwarka Expressway, now lunch is being done there at Rs. 00000. It means builder is giving it, so has the price become Rs. 20000, try reselling.  There will be customers even in Rs 1415, otherwise someone would think that if it is Rs 20, then why is the rate Rs 20, I have already made a video on how much is the inventory that has to be, so this price differential will always be there, reasoning on this has been done earlier also.  Please tell me that you should not invest in this matter, please do not bite more than you can chew in the matter of exit, so I will tell it in percentage ideally.  Speaking, a project has a delay of 4 years, it is said that it will be built in five to six years, NGT bans and you know, okay, so let's take the average of 5 years, six will be a little late, four will be done very soon, very  Only a few great builders are willing to build it or the one who is building it in Phases, right now those are being built together and 800,700 are being sold at one go and are being built at one go.  If you have been there for minimum 5 years then it is ok then it is 5 years, here you have to pay money from 0 to 100%, even if you have only 25% and you want to get out of it by taking exit then the risk is high if  If you are entering into this by taking money only at Rs 50 then the risk gets reduced and if you have full 100% money, then the risk gets further reduced. It is possible.  That at 25, it is possible that you may get an exit but you don't plan it, that way, if another opportunity comes, then it is okay, then it is okay. Other wise, today the market is not interested in getting any exit. A fact that many heads are bursting because right now in the market, everyone is enjoying the fun of the sellers, the buyers, the buyers, the sellers or the buyers.  And the rest, some are walking in fear, some are walking in greed, there are a lot of emotions going on. There is no clarity, there is no stock exchange, the sell order is confirmed, I want to sell, okay, you want to sell at what price, okay.  This price is ok you want to buy ok now you want to sell no I don't want to sell so why are you asking I was knowing the rate so now when it is in the market then no one  There is no rate in the market, the builder's rate is this, so now even the buyers are jumping straight to this because that payment plan is like this or brother, they add diamonds, pearls and silver to it, they are also giving some better in new projects, it is definitely not like that.  Well, because they are bringing something better and more in technologies, construction, technologies, architecture, everything, so it is my request to all of you that you should not invest anywhere in the first attempt to make an exit.  I can hold it only for one year. I can hold it for one year. These are mostly the people who are playing with their parents' money or have some money of their own. Don't overleverage in the market. Builders have also become famous now. Even the up front UI itself has started asking for Rs 30-50 lakhs. Those big brothers who have the capacity to pay this much at one time, then you should come, otherwise the builder also wants a situation.  Every buddy with only money at 25 has got into the project and he is very happy and as soon as he went to you at 25 and asked for the demand at 35, you are saying no, I will resell, resell, resell, resell. So if you want to build a house then the builders are also a little smart, I have talked to some builders also, I have given this advice to them and in giving advice, now I have given one thing advice. And you will see it coming in the market. My advice to all the bidders who have given very recently is just have a construction link plan as per your own because that power is again in the hands of the builder, build fast, build slowly, build quickly in the beginning and then build slowly.  If you want to make it, then it is in his hands and the customer is not sure because you know that even in two years there can be 70 demand, he has written down and made the structure, after that it is a matter of make-up.  You will continue to do make-up at your own convenience, depending on that. Now those who are sitting with genuine money, those who have genuine money should do the same in the market. Now do not do this in the sheep trap, otherwise you will be busy in making it a spec market, then that is 2525. But the whole world is sitting on this market, right now this situation seems to be playing out in the next one year. You know that 1090 2080 which were launched 2 years ago?  Will it make a difference in a market like Gurgaon and other places too? Maybe it won't make a difference because they are still not selling, there is still a year left in the market and the number of weak hands is gradually increasing.  They keep coming out in the market, do not come in one go and what is the matter when the appreciation becomes very high, sometimes it makes sense, this is also a very deep thing I am telling because people do not want to take it in black and white but want to take it in the video.  advice advice  Always lead, remain gray and have higher order thinking. Now listen carefully, if I bought a thing worth 75 lakhs, it turned out to be like a 2 BH titist, if it has run up and gone above 1.25 crores, 1.3 1.4 gone. So brother, I will get 1.3% rental allowance even at 1.4% but it becomes rental allowance on my 75 lakh rupees 55 5 55 so 5  If I own 55 rental yield and now I will take a loan and I will get income tax rebate on the loan, then my short fall is less, which means I am not getting too much load out of my pocket, so my pay load is not coming.  And I have loan taking capacity, which many people will have, that is because it is loan against them, many have taken subvention and all these schemes against them, right, civil bill.  It has already been checked, so when I get hit by the loan, I will have that cushion from income tax rebate and rent because the rents have increased a lot in the last 2 years, you know and they are going to increase further in the coming one year.  Suddenly that property seems to be cash flow positive to the people, that somehow we had given it at Rs. 20 at that time, we insisted, okay, now we will give more at Rs. 1015, it is okay at the position. So I will take a loan, let's say it is 60%, so it is 60-65. I will get the rent as much as the interest component is in the loan. This calculation is being done because you have not taken a loan of 100%, you are getting 55% of the invested amount now.  The current market price is getting at Rs. 3 but I hope that all of you are able to understand this math. If you are not able to understand then I am not at all. Brothers and sisters, look at this, he is not explaining like this because all my channels are not for those people who cannot understand this one, whatever you want to do, do it, okay, not everyone has such an entry.  So you understood that brother, my original loan is at Rs. 55, the current market price is at Rs. 3 and if I took the loan only at Rs. 55, then at Rs. 65, if I took the loan at Rs. 88.5  My interest rate is so whatever rent I am getting, he will take care of this plus which is the income tax benefit, the income tax of the property is available, a person gets around Rs 66000 per year, both husband and wife are taking it.  If it is 132000 then it may be my profit in a way or it will be used to pay my principal, then when these things happen because when these things happen then I will make this video again.  People will sell to sensible people otherwise and if that rate is confirmed then you have to understand the rate. It has to be confirmed only after being in the product for three-four years. Other wise and the foam of cold coffee is from the builder and those who are not buying from this thing are those who are not. Those who want to buy, do not have money or convincing will die, they are not realizing that the froth you are seeing now will also become a solid thing in three to four years because the economy has to grow. Election results are about to come, stock market has to rise, inflation has to rise, nothing will come of money, if that 100 turns into your 150, then there is no need to worry about it because it will not be eaten up by inflation which is officially at 67.  But if I consider that I am an aspirational person from the middle class who is not counted among the 400 in the government's data which calculates the AICPA number.  Inflation is probably at 12 13 14. You see what is happening to the school in which you want to send your child, what is happening to the rents because the government which does the data is very official and does it in a different way, it is an unofficial system and  Economy also works in India. If you know it, then it is important to do this. Understand this but do not do it to exit, do it to hold because if you have seen the monopoly. If you have played the game of Monopoly, which children play it? If anyone has played it, please write Monopoly in the comment section. All of you stay in the game for a long time. There is no win or lose in it. The game keeps going on. People are bankers in it.  They keep coming out after falling flat and that is a long game. Those who stay longer are the ones who take the properties of the market and pay the rent under pressure and go on making it and those who earn are the real estate entry exit entry.  They have to earn their living by exiting because there is a lot of unemployment and they are not reaching anywhere. Remember that only those who have the money to earn their living do not want to withdraw it from real estate and have the holding power who are only in this exit-entry-exit-entry affair. So you have to see that entry and exit at a place may not be at the rate which is being shown in the market but when you buy something, you are buying it at that rate. The rate you are understanding is definitely an increased rate, so you also see it increasing, but the rate you see increasing is also a foam for a time and the difference that was there will be covered by the foam, so stay here.  There is benefit only in me otherwise if you keep paying EDC IDC GST brokerage and registry and all these charges then take your property peacefully and if it looks lucrative and you don't have money then pass it and smile. Consolidate, buy one after another and then sell it and never exit the property in the same city. You had investments in your  The story did not come out, whatever is the reason, now if you are not enjoying then exit is made from it and then here if you like the story in Y city then you can post it in the same city like on this road in Gurgaon, I took it. Now it has become weak on this road, it has become weak here, oh brother, everything is increasing, it is increasing in the same ratio, somewhere it increases here, sometimes it increases here, sometimes it increases here, it increases everywhere, now if the rates of New Gurgaon increase.  They are increasing and are increasing a lot and there will be lots of 16 17 18000 rupees, then Golf Course Extension will be more expensive, it will be more expensive in Dwarka Express because relatively they will remain above that, it is  Something like that if Gurga, if Greater Noida grows, then Gurgaon will grow, meaning if Greater Noida is growing, then Noida will grow, if Greater Noida is growing, then Noida will grow, if Noida is growing, then Gurgaon has to grow because price differential things are always going to be delayed.  The situation changes many times and it is a dynamic situation, so I hope you understand through this video.  I regularly bring webinars and opportunities and projects from top 10 cities in India. For that, there is one of my real estate live projects in the comment section and all those things are done very well, so you can join it.  If you have not subscribed the channel then you can also subscribe. Thank you very much.