Hello friends, in this video of real estate, I will talk about Pros and Cons. Okay, so normally I have seen that whenever there is a creator or audience on real estate, it is a Pros and Conscious something which is always the head project approach and tell me the cons. Serve this and consume this in sufficient think is what I am trying to say through this video LED video Higher order thinking will have to be done, you will have to think a little more, not simply stick  This is a service and consumer education system, it was never able, you take decisions, decision making is not good, it is not because of the Indian, it is our education system, it used to be like this ever in our education system, okay, this system has come, progeny pause of democracy, tell me this color statement.  Democracy is so excellent, you do n't need to discuss it because of it, you should do it, brother-in-law, it's no. Alternative you cannot say, this is the advantage in dictatorship, this is the problem, these are all the disadvantages in dictatorship, it is not rights, it is not bullying, it is not, but this thing will be fine for you, this is the approach, because of this, what do you get from this, you want to marry a person.  Come on, she is like Amitabh Bachchan's aunt. Projon Kansa Dil Do, which is a scene from Sholay, you will not be able to marry because brother, that will be visible to you.  It has to be seen holistically, I want to show you my understanding on the basis of an example. There is any project in which it has been served and made, but apart from that, there is also a third thing to do, which is made or served, is it adequately priced? Should it be priced from this?  There was a dead crore of product but who is this despite Sony doing this three times, you have to see, you understand my point, if something is lacking in something like Nick Adidas, these are the branded ones that start.  The one which is rejected from the factory outlets, as long as it is cut or has some minor fault, but instead of Rs. 12000, you are getting that shoe in tax due to a small defect, so will you look at its specifications, who is what?  Who is it that he is worth so much? Oh brother, who is he to you for being so much, he is getting ₹ 8000 cheaper, so take it quietly, you understand what I am saying, no banna, learn the meaning from God, from the Gujaratis.  If you want to buy a lion then do the promotions of the company. Hey, leave the company. See, it is at mill rate and at what price it is served. The story is not like this and what is the maximum concentration and what is being said is in actual.  It is not even effective, those who are not gold big and who are Sir Fox conspiracies and at some place look at the project holistically and link everything with the rate, link it with the opportunity and alternative. Now link with the opportunity, this is not a product but brother, I don't know its pricing, Mashallah, don't know how much it costs, everything is great in it, the builder is great, this is great, the location is great, everything about you is great and brother, the rate is also great, very much.  And here is another product and here if you buy two people then their rental will be more than this, so in this way also you have to see that you ca n't just go by air or not, I have such a product which is such that absolutely no one can go anywhere.  Execution race, there should not be any doubt about that thing, because such a thing exists and if it does, then brother, you will get the risk reward ratio on all three times, this is the term which I want you to introduce it is very open used in share market but I want.  You introduce into d real estate market also understand d builder can style what apps d society can style and also understand d builder can style something which can come Touching society which is not a good think otherwise thinking about your proximity which was not better when you made decision so that risk bill always remains but you have to concentrate on the amount of risk which you are taking which can be this match this is This is what is d reward associated reward if it's so much risk lek gen is also happening so much and a little risk lek gen is so much happening  So I also give this reward ratio this machine fever give you and give us the possibility every time if you are buying something in 2018 plane and give also you are very match give the understanding has you be clear I am adding 20% Things are being allotted to me. 80 rupees have to be given to me after that, its execution is done. You have released if the construction link is plant.  So construction bill happen de only de money bill ko to de risk is content because it is linked with construction link plain something which is just timely which is used you be in de kaise of affordable housing in gurgaon alier ki that time nahi tha in 6 months  Now I have to pay, whether he has made the builder or not. In this matter, some four-five-seven projects are going wrong in Gurgaon because of this.  This fact about rule changed is construction that if this much construction will be made then that whole thing will be made then you have understood this think date real statement and the thing which is getting at the rate, now you have to analyze it, you just serve it and leave it after taking a can.  You give me brother, there is every suit, there is cloth, there is vest, there is any thing, there is a car, then he says to him on the car, hey, for how much is this also, see brother, what is the value of the budget.  But you have money, now you say one car, dog, no, there are two more bags in it, okay, the car worth six rupees has two more bags, so there will always be butter of course, okay, zero, you do 100 in one car, mother, take it in 7 seconds.  One is doing it in 12 seconds, that one is of 5 seconds, so which is this cross that you have given me to live? Hey brother, is that 5 seconds so important for you? At what price is it coming, tell me in what condition it is sold by Maruti. It is said that the vehicle is relatively relatively clean, there are few vehicles less in cleanliness, I have seen it in this way that brother, the price of the vehicle is so low that the person who owns a scooter and motorcycle can upgrade, now I am the risk factor. I am not checking inside the vehicles, I am checking inside this vehicle and scooter that a family member is going on a scooter, is it okay, is it safe or is he going in a cheap car? If you  the rest  If you do the comparison, my performance may have been lower because I know those ratings. I am not trying to defame anyone, this is in the public domain, everyone has star ratings but definitely that of you will agree with this fact.  Traveling for people traveling in other kar kitni un safekar ho kuch marji uski rating ho isse match se for de traveling on n scooter yeh to manoj to se think formulang property  This People Don't Understand Because God is a Rest and a Reward. The essence of rest and reward is that you should understand these things in great detail from the best teachers. But Gold Members, if you have not taken the paid membership yet, then  YOU CAN ALWAYS KNOW YOU HAVE TAKEN D MEMBERSHIP AND CONNECT ON D WHATSAPP YOU HAVE TAKEN D MEMBERSHIP BECAUSE I CARE OUT REAL STATE EDUCATION AND IF YOU ARE IN Profession of real estate and you want you purchase and you want you become intelligent day after tomorrow in the course of this think resell wala so my real estate workshops in structured game are webinars everything is there you watch it and that saree you will also get recording and access to the recording  You will get lifetime time, watch it anytime, make notes anytime and you can also create your own YouTube channel. I will not call it theft by stealing my content. You have done it, so it is okay.  Copy and paste the story, I will tell someone that, not that, what do they say, that is, I will not challenge them, they say copyright strike, yes, okay, I will not do that, I have a mission, learn from me and teach the world and do good for yourself and the world.  Do this in your party, become intelligent, family mental, genuine channel in your office mental, learn all these things, no one is teaching anything, they want to take membership also, you can take it quickly, thank you.